With the rapid growth of our civilization , more and more people start paying attentions to enjoy their lives .
Indeed , with the passing of time , the meaning of life starts to change .
many people realize that health is not equal to wealth .
Moreover , we are standing on the crossroad .
In this turning point , young people enjoy life more than old peolpe do because young people intend to do a varity of sports , experience less pressure from the society , and obtain the tendency to try something new .

It is no doubt that many sports are for young people .
With the upcoming of Beijing olympic 2008 , many sports are introduced at the same time .
My daily experence is a good example of this , I went to ski last month in Vancouver .
When I was standing on the top of the mountain , I rarely see any older people around .
In fact , it is estimated that there are more than 500 unique sports in the world .
Therefore , there are so many sports for young people to attand today ; however , at the same time , there are so few sports for old people to attend .
perhaps the only sport I can think of is Yoga .
To be brief , when doing a sport , young people have more choices than older people do .

Besides , young people have less pressure from the society .
in this comptetive society , all the parents in the world intend to keep their children from danger .
On the other hand , some of the parents are trying really hard making money so that they would have a better life after the retirement .
Conversely , many young people think they have grown up .
Moreover , they do not feel the pressure from the society .
Therefore , they intend to enjoy their life more than their parents do .

Moreover , young people have the tendency to try something new than old people .
There is a sport called `` ultimate jumping '' . young people need to jump from a mountain or someplace very high with a rop tied on their feet .
I have a friend called Jimmy .
He is crazy about this kinds of sport , and he was extremely happy after he jumped because it gives him a chance to relax .
Therefore , young people intend to try something new to enjoy their life .

With all the aspects considered above , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
In my opinion , young people think better than older people do because they know that health is important than wealth .
There are huge number of advertisements that are being produced these days .
In my opinion , these advertisements highlight the qualities of a product , explain why we need to buy their product and give us an idea of how they are beneficial over other products of similar qualities .
Advertisements provide us with the facts .
They show us what the products really are .

Firstly , advertisements provide us the qualities or the features of a particular product .
They try to convince a consumer by providing all the information about their product .
For example , conside adevrtsing cereals .
An advertisement about a cereal would give us information about the percentage of calories , calcium or other vitamins that people gain because of that cereal .
The advertisement is not exaggerating anything about the percentage .
They are all facts and we can get the information on the cereal box .
The advertisers cannot lie about such information .

Second , almost every advertisement explains why we need to buy a particular product .
After all , that is the purpose of an advertisement .
They give us significant details about the background of their product .
For example , an advertisement about an intel pentium processor IV makes us realise that we need an efficient processor to run our computer programs .
They tell us about the nano technology and how it has been incorporated into their product to make it more efficient than other processors .
This seems to be overwhelming to a buyer .
However , they need to know what is going on with the product that they are about to purchase .

Moreover , a lot of advertisements compare their product with other products of similar kind .
This is only to show how their products are far better than the other products .

In conclusion , I think that advertisements only show the best qualities of their product .
They do n't make up anything to make their products seem much better than they really are .
Nowadays everything has to be nice , new , good looking and usefull .
These are important qualities which have to fullfill every product to be interesting for us .
So it is ok that many advertisements make products better than they are ?

Well in my opinion it 's absolutly ok but maybe I have to say this .
At the moment I 'm studying mediadesign in Berlin .
For that reason I have to learn and develop ways to make products more interesting for people .
Of course perhaps it is a little bit wrong but I think that people learn to see advertising in the right light today .

I had a professor who told us that he had to do some pictures of a fried piece of fish and it looked terrible the whole time .
So he solved the problem by taking a piece of wood with preparations which made it look like the fish .

Equally important is the fact that people only want to see some beautiful things and not every product is beautiful - maybe usefull but not beautiful .
So how would you present maybe diet - products ?
Would you show a fat lady with the nice and new product or would you try to get a supermodel who is convinced that she was only able to get this body through the new product .
I think not a really difficult question .

Of course I can understand the people who say that they do n't want to buy something and find out later that it 's not so good how it was said in the commercial break .
But in this case I think that this is their fault .
You ca n't say that advertising agencies should not present products better than they are in the future .
In my opinion every business have to do their job as good as possible .

All in all I have to say that advertising is good and neccessary for many businesses that 's way I choose to study it .
This is a growing part of
I disagree with the issue that a person should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject because of many reasons .
First of all , like it is said that little knowldge is dangerous and harmful .
When u know about a lot of subjects but a very little of each , you may probably mislead others because you are not aware of small n accurate information which can lead to a lot of problems .

Secondly , when you know about the subject in and out , you can always deal with any problem that come across that issue .
for example , if you have done a major in accounts in your college , then you can probably teach in the college or atleast help someone who is in need , because that person can trust you with the information because you are a testimony in that case .

But if you have little knowledge of many subjects , then you cant be a testimony and people will not trust you for any information becuse you do not specialise in any subjects and moreover when you are a testimony because you have specialised in one subject , you get a broader aspect of getting a good job .
but if you have a little knowledge of many subjects , you end up nowhere .

for instance , a professor who is specialised in accounting can influence others with his achievements in his field .
and can encourage others to follow one specific target in life because it leads to a brighter horizon .
But when you are not sure abt your strengths , it leads you very doubtful becuse you are not sure of your capabilities .

Atlast i would say that specializing in one subjects makes you a testimony in public for the same and it leads to a secure future becuse you are sure of what you want to do and you dont mislead others with wrong or inaccurate information .
Describing what is meant by `` enjoyment in life '' could be very sujective .
Different people might have different views / reactions on similar situations .
While one person might seem to enjoy loud , head-banging music , it might seem sheer noise to another person of his age .

I do not quite agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Some people enjoy every moment of life regardless of their age , while there are others who spend all of their time cribbing about what life has offered them .
Enjoying life has nothing to do with age , but rather it has everything to do with attitude .
How one reacts to situations , how one takes life as it comes to him .
It is all about that .

One could look around to see live examples and the message would come out clear .
There are old people who enjoy living a retired life , spending time with their families and friends , socailizing and doing what they feel good to do .
On the contrary , one will find young people always striving to make a better living , chasing their dreams and trying to win the `` rat-race '' .

It is one 's attitude that decides how one 's life is going to be .
As I stated earlier , people might react differently in same situations .
Some people might enjoy sipping a cup of hot coffee in the cold weather , others might just curse God and nature for the un-easiness that the weather has brought into their lives .

Enjoyment is not , rather should not be related to age .
I could feel good taking a walk down the seaside with my friends when I am young , and I could very well enjoy the walk when I grow old .
As they say , `` Old in age does n't mean old at heart '' !

In conclusion , I strongly feel that old people could enjoy as much as young people do , in their own sweet ways .
To add to that , they do n't have as many responsibilities as young people do , so they need not worry about many things .
Life offers every one , a packet full of enjoyment ; it 's on you to open it carefully so that it does n't spill out .
Concepts are generally defined as general ideas whereas facts are linked with events that happened , things which are less abstractive .
So , saying that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts is quite restrictive .
It is clear to me that students need both .

I think indeed that learning facts on which you can lay yourself to understand concepts is essential .
For a student in history for example , facts and dates are the basis to think about a larger period .
The concept of power for instance often need to be illustrated by behaviors of kings or presidents in Europe for centuries .
In this case , knowing accurate facts feeds your thoughts .

On the other hand , one could argue that for a student in philosophy , ideas and concepts are much more important than facts .
Or for a student in mathematics too .
All this leads me to believe that facts sometimes can be put apart .
Yet , when you can help you with facts , I think concepts are easier to understand .
In scientific subjects especially .
Likewise , in a physic course about gravity , showing an apple falling onto the floor is a good way to start the lesson .
What I mean is that the application of the principle , under the shape of a fact ( the apple is attracted by the Earth ) , is as well important as the general idea .

Yet , it is also interesting to think twice about the question : what is the most important for a student , to understand or to learn ?
This is a complex issue .
Normally , as I said , learning should lead and help to the understanding .
But why not only understand things ?
Why not only applicate a pattern of thinking that you got when you understood one system ?
Because I think that people should make profit of their capacity to learn things and then to make links with others in order to understand new things that nobody taught them .

As a conclusion , I would say that learning facts is as important as understanding ideas and concepts , even if it can depends on the subjects ( history , philosophy , geography ... ) .
I think that they are complementary .
Understanding grammar rules and learning vocabulary are n't they both necessary to express oneself in a foreign language ?
The issue at hand is whether there will be fewer number of cars in usage in the next twenty years .
In my view as the technology is progerssing at a faster pace and the economy of an induvidual will be increased so there will be increase in the number of cars in the next twenty years .

Firstly , when we consider from a point of improvement in the technology many advancements have been made in the field of technology when we deal with the cars of the past they used to give a lesser mileage than the sophisticated and welly improvised cars of today offer .
When we relate technology to the economic conditions of any country , as there is an improvement in the technology and hence it would create employment for the people there by the economic status of the induvidual increases and hence the car being the symbol of luxury everyone want to travel in a car so in my view the usage of number of cars would drastically increase in the next twenty years .

Futhermore , when we look at the issue from other point of view like when the time is taken into considerartion the cars of today are much faster basically because of the technology used .
For example in olden days in the sense in the nineteenth century the means of transport was mainly by buses , cycles and trams , but after the foray of the cars into the world of transport it revolutionised the field by not only providing luxury , and comfort but also people were able to reach their destination in time .
In a busy world of today where every thing is run by machines time is the major constraint .
So for the people to reach their destination as early as possible cars provide a basic means of transport .

Lastly when we consider the fuel which is used in the cars there has been a drastic improvement .
Initially it was petrol and diesel , now due to the advancement of technology the cars are driven by using batteries , by using latest technology of using a Motor-Generator set mechanism which bought a revolution in the field , so people will have various options to choose from and the research is still going on in this field to find out a cheaper fuel on which the cars will run so it will affordable to all the sections of people , so the usage of cars is going to increase in the future .

I disagree with the issue that there will be fewer number of cars in the next twenty years because improvement of technology , foray of various kinds of fuel on which the cars can run , and the economic conditions of the countries , the life style of people - these are the various factors which contribute to more usage of the cars in the next twenty years and near future .
Implying that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well '' is not a very reliable concept of one 's success in my opinion .
Yes , it is true that you have to try new things or new ideas because we live in a very fast moving economy and new businesses and technologies are rising steadily .
But you also have to trust your own ways of accomlishing things especially if you know how .
To manifest my opinion I want to give you an example .
Let 's say a veterinarian performes surgery on a dog the `` old-fashioned '' way with scapel blade and other devices .
It has always been like this and the successful outcome and fast healing support this idea .
Nowadays some veterinarians use Laser to do surgery .
It 's being promoted to be faster and less bloody .
But the wound healing is really ugly .
The wound keeps draining , the owners are complaining about the mess and there is also a very high chance of infections .
Doing it the old way with scaple blade incisions and sutures afterwards is taking a little longer of course but is more sufficient because the healing is faster in my opinion and you do n't have to worry too much about wound care as far as draining goes .
Also the dog itself will be happier because there is no inconveniently oozing spot on the body .
And if the dog is happy , the owners are happy and the veterinarian has successfully done his/her work .
So , you do n't have to try so-called `` new things '' or try `` risky business '' as long as you know that you are doing it the right way .
And by doing it the right way you will do well afterall .
And to stress my disagreement with the above statement I 'm going to write my favorite quote : `` Never chance a winning team '' !
When we go outside we see lots of cars around and we easily observe that the number is still increasing in a very rapid rate .
We usually think that this increase will not stop or slow down but I think there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .

To start with ; one thing is very clear : technology is improving continuously .
If we had lived 50 years ago , we would not have imagined the level of improvement in the life styles of people nowadays .
I do not think that my grandmother would have thought that I can communicate with my friends in United States by simply sitting in front of a screen and writing .
Everything is replaced by a better thing day by day , even second by second .
I have to admit that cars are the major way of transportation ; but for now .
In twenty years , by developments in several areas ; they will be replaced by other means of transportation like travel by light or by small plane-like vehicles .

Some may think that these ideas are extreme and will not happen in twenty years .
This can also be possible , in twenty years cars may still be the major transport vehicle but again there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Even if the technology will not change our lives that much , we can change it by ourselves .
If public transportation become easier and more available , I think most of the people will use public transport instead of their own cars which will reduce the number of cars significantly .
This is also about something with the improvement of people .
When people stop thinking individually and think more general , they will certainly use public transport more and thereby they will reduce the cars in the roads .

As a consequence ; in twenty years fewer cars will exist in the roads .
Of course , we cannot predict the future or say certain things about certain topics but I think I have reasons to believe it .
The most important of all , I want to believe it .
Nowadays , companies are searching for qualified , aware and specialized people for them to join .
The level of difficulty and competition has increased , persons who want to achieve a good position in a companie and a good pay need to master their subject and be able to resolve any problems related to their specific career .
Therefore , specializing in one specific subject is the key to success not only because it will give u an exellent knowledge about it but also a better chance to get the job you dream off .

In today 's societty , people have to get threw high level education and programs in order to get their certificates which are the key to their future success .
Being specialized in a certain field gives the possibilty to explore all its parts accuratly and have a total control about it all .
Moreover , being able to master all of its parts gives u a personal satisfaction , the feeling you are unbeatable in this subject makes u feel emotions you would have never imagine u would feel .
In addition , our new society requires the best out of all of us in order to live peacefully and in serenity .
Therefore , a person specialized has a better chance to acheive this way of leaving then a person having a broad knowledge of many academics subjects .

Additionnally , people always have a subject they prefer in life .
Therefore , focusing on our strenght would be better for us .
For example , a person geting A scores in math , would join an economic firm or an engeneering companie , based on what he or she enjoys and is good at .
Moreover , being specizlized in the field and subject we prefer and are outstanding at will higher our chances of success .

In conclusion , I consider that being specizlized in one specific subject we enjoy would allow us to be more succesful in life then a person that has a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , considering the level required , in order to live in a decent and peaceful way , has increased .
I totally agree with the statement because I consider if people did n't take their chances and take risks trying to gain something else in reward the world would not be the one we know today .

If hundreds of years ago a crazy guy would n't have taken the risk and tried finding a different route to get by ship to India we would probably still be living in trees and hunting animals to obtain food and the rest of the world would still believe the Earth is n't round .
Or if the Wright Brothers would n't have risked their lives as well as their pride trying to invent a revolutionary way of transportation based on birds it would still take for us weeks or even months to travel from America to Europe .
That 's why I think people should always be willing to take their chances and not be afraid to risk something that in the end might bring an enormous bennefit not only to them but to others as well .

We have always feared what we do n't know and that 's why normally we try only doing what we know to do well , but in my opinion we are the only creature on Earth with the ability to learn something new every day and evolve thanks to those knowledges .
If we have that possibility we might as well try to gain something from using it , or else there would be no difference between a person and an animal .

I also consider that a peson that does n't do anything new in his life and always try to do the same things will end up by not liking what he does .
And even though that person might be successful in life doing what he does it wo n't matter because in the end he wo n't be a happy person which is , in my personal consideration , even more important that success .

In conlcusion I agree with the fact that it 's necessary for us to take risks , we even take them every day when we get up , but it 's only a matter of luck to gain something in return if we not only risk something but also try our best while doing any activity .
Nowadays , cars virtually become part of our daily lives .
It is hard to imagine what the life will be without a car .
We drive cars to shool , to office , to shoping malls , and , on weekends , to national parks .
But if you ask me what will be the case twenty years later , I would hazard a guess that there will be fewer cars !

To begin with , energy shortage looms larger nowadays .
Recent years wittness the skyroketing the crude oil prices is an example to illustrate the demand for oil far excesses the supply of it .
The excess demand drives the price of the fuels drastically , so people will find it expensive to drive a car .
Probably using public transportations is a more economical choice to travel to school , to office and so on .
In that case there will be fewer cars in use .

Another reason that may attribute to the shrinking of car usage is that cars , through burning fossil fuels , will pollute the environment .
The exhaust of cars contains large amount of toxic gases such as sulfur and nitrigen oxicide , etc .
When the pollution becomes more and more severe , the government will take measure to control the expansion of cars .
The most possible measures are to levy higher taxes on using cars and to grant less driving licence to drivers .
Under such conditions , people will have less incentive to buy cars and use cars .

In addition , the room for accomodating more cars is very limited .
Today we already feel very crowded on roads and parking lots .
If cars continue to expand , we will have more and more severe traffic jams , which will render car transportation slow .
If people find that they are always late in class or office , they will resort to alternative means of transportation such as bicycles and subways .

Taking into consideration all these factors mentioned , private car drivers as well as potential car buyers may think twice before using cars .
Twenty years later , cars may turn out to be an expensive and inconvenient way of going out .
When facing the question of whether to grasp more than one specific subject , people always are divided into two group , one of which agrees to learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects , however , the other of which belives that we should concentrate on one specific subject .
In my opinion , mastering broad knowledge is the better choice .
My reasons are presented as follows .

First , learning various knowledge is beneficial to an individual in modern society .
Now we live in a changeable world , in which technology rapidly is developed .
This change generates the changes of our life style .
For example , computer has entered our normal life and we hardly work without it .
But some years ago , people did not know what it was .
If we just stay on one specific subject and fail to learn knowledge about computers , how can we live normally in this society .
So , the current society situation requires us to grasp many useful knowlege of different subjects and keep to refreshing them .

Second , people that own broad knowledges always look smart because they may be enlightened by another subject knowledge .
Holding different knowledges can enhance the thinking ability and raise the ways in which people think and act .
When a person encouters a big difficulty on a subject , he may obtain some inspiration one day through focusing on another subject that he/she conducts .

Admittedly , focusing on one specific subject may cause someone to research more deeply than dispersing one 's concentrations on various subjects .
Of course , researchers should pay their attention on the specific subject .
But , rearchers still learn other subjects that are useful in their lives .

In all , comparing the advantages and disadvantages between having broad knowledge of many academic subjects and just having one specific academic one , I support my idea that people should learn various subjects knowledges rather than own one .
I definitely agree with this statement .
Merely learning facts without a real uderstanding of its true meaning is of no use in my opinion .
One can have all the knowledge in the world but at the same time can be incapable of putting it to any use .
What use is all that knowlege if it ca n't bring about any favourable results !

To Support by absolute agreement with this statement i am going to tell u about an experience of mine that taught me about the relevance of having a complete understanding as to just knowing the terms .
When i was in the 7th grade my parents migrated to the U.S. from India .
Till then i had only been exposed to the Indian ways of education .
Out here in India we were taught that the only thing that mattered when it came to academics , was how much of text have we been able to mug up .
It did not matter whether we actually understood it .
The only thing that counted was whether we were able to reproduce it while being tested for it .
Inevitably , all the data that was memorised was instantly forgotten on the completion of the test .

Initially when i started studying in the U.S. , the Indian method of education worked as a hindrance in being able to adapt to the American style of learning .
In America Education meant leaning the understanding of ideas and concepts .
With the right understanding one would be capable of accessing information related to a particular topic .
A simple action of accessing innformation posed itself as a huge task for me .
As i had been used to only reproducing without having any understanding of things , I was completely handicapped and did n't know where to begin from .
It was this lesson that taught me the necessity of comprehending things over mere memorising .
One is better of comprehending less matter as compared to having a whole lot of facts stacked up , which one is incapable of putting to use .

Do n't get me wrong here .
I do not mean to condemn my country 's method of education .
What i 'm trying to say here is that , my country should cultivate this statement of `` it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts '' into its academics .
The advantages and disadvantages of group travelling led by a guide are many .
Travel in a group is organized visa vis of time to spend on each site and the number of sites to see .
The travel in group is more secure , people travelling together may assist each other when needed .
However , an other positive factor when travelling in group , is that all the arrangements are made in advance and each individual member of the group has not to worry about hotel booking , food and other arrangements necessary for the trip .

The disadvantages of travelling in a group is the limited freedom each member of the group has .
Means that anyone has to stick to the etablished schedule and nobody can make changes to it .
Nobody can make a decision on behalf of the group .

However , travelling in a group may deprive you of seeing sites you want to go to , visit friends or spent more time in one of your preferred site .
In the other hand , the group travel is financially worth , because sometimes paying for a group of people is entittled to a discount .
I do also agree that the best travel is in a group , when it concerns time spent to search for touristics sites , the tour guide is easy and will economize you a lot of time to find these sites .

Certainly , as mentioned above , a guide may economize your time and also provide you with information that sometimes are difficult to get for an individual traveller .
In conclusion , people are free to choose between travelling alone and travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
The Human being 's nature dictates over any personel decision .
Therefore , my agreement with the statement about travel in a group is the best , should not influence the opinion of people who want to join me in the trip .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Maybe most young people do enjoy more of life than older people , but it all depends on each individual 's situation of life .

Some people say one must take advantage and enjoy all life can bring when one is young because once older , there would be not enough time and energy to do so .
But this is not necessarily true .
It is a fact that as people get older , their bodies get stiffer , but if one exercises regularly , this wo n't happen as quickly as it happens to people who do not exercise at all .
And older people might enjoy life more than younger people because they have many benefits that many younger people do not have .
Such as money , and maturity .

One has to have financial backup in order to enjoy some kind of activity because most of the enjoyable activities that we humans seek , require a large amount of money that young people cannot afford .
A person who enjoys traveling , for example .
Traveling requires to pay for a variety of advantages such as , a place to sleep in ( hotels , resorts ) , food , souvenirs , tour , and many other activities one is likely to pursue when traveling .

One also has to possess enough maturity because only a mature person can completely enjoy of some specific activity or action .
Since young people are likely to get into any kind of trouble which might instantly lead to displeasure and ruin the enjoying part of any experience .
One example might be when one runs out of supplies when traveling again .
An older person is more responsible and takes control over all supplies and resources that might be needed in any occasion , and enjoy at the same time .
But most young people cannot maintain the balance between enjoying and controlling .
One young person might have taken a certain amount of money with him but spent all the money on entertainment for example .
And end up without anything to eat for a whole day maybe .

There are many other examples proving that most older people enjoy life more than younger people do .
Because a majority of younger people do not possess what older people do .
I strongly agree with the idea that it is more important for students to understant ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I am going to explain my agreement , based on the level of education , in the next paragraphs .

First , students at the elementary and high school levels need to understand basic theories before they are in contact to the world as independent people .
They must know about logical solutions and good behavior .
Althought parents care for the development of their children , schools are a fundamental part in the adquisition of basic knowledge .

Second , at the university level , students are in a continious process of learning because everyone wants a career .
The understanding of ideas and concepts is the most important for them in the adquisition of knowledge .
Althought learning by facts is important too , students gain more knowledges from ideas and concepts .
That is the reason why there are so many universities and schools around the world .
Students must enphasize in theories rathen than in practice .
They will practice later but they need to understand important points before they enter to the working enviroment .

Third , as graduated students , they should practice and learn facts , but the process of learning would be longer if they did not spend too much time before understanding ideas and concepts .
It is true that people learn a lot from experiences but it is also true that it takes too much time for people who do not have the basic concepts on their minds in order to apply them into the practice .

As far as I am concern , I believe that it is more important for students to gain their knowledge by understanding ideas and concepts .
Althought experience is important , this process would be endured if students do not press attention to the theory .
The statement about advertisements is , in my opinion , complitey correct .
I perfectly agree with it .
The reasons are various : the possibility to presence of famous peolpe , the use of particular words or even the use of a combination of different colours .
These can influence the quality of how to present a product .

First of all , the presence of a famous and known person can determine a better reaction than not having one .
For example an advertisement for shoes can be of better impact if a known actress is seen wearing it .
Or differently if you want a child to buy a specific school diary , a possibility is to show next to the object , the presence of a known disney character .

Second , the use of selected words can provide a good result for the aim .
The combination of particular words can create double meanings that influence the people that watch the advertisement !

This means that if you talk about choccolate and you write a sentence where you state that this food helps when you are sad and gives you energy , people might forget that it can also make you gain weight !
It is therefore possible to convince just by a particular phrase that one thing is good rather than bad .

Third , colour can be an important component for a good result in the creation of an advertisement .
This is because specific doctors have studied the influence of colours in human mental thoughts .

An example could be advertisements for medicines .
Usually doctors say that light blue is more propper for this purpose .
Differently , red and orange have other more complex capacities .
This is why some colours are used and some others are less commenly chosen .

In conclusion , it is possible to confirm that some products seem much better that what they actually are thanks to the possibilities that advertisement provides .
I agree with this statement .
Nevertheless , human tastes may vary and therefore find some advertisements less effective than others .
Nowadays , it is often pointed out that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Personally , I agree with this idea .
I 'd like to look at some of the reasons .

First , in current fast-speed society , young people are very busy in their own activities , such as study and sports .
For example , some students have goals to become politicians in the future .
Some students may want to become professiona football players .
To realise their dreams , they need to dedicate in their own activities .

Second , there are a lot of kind of distraction , for example , TV , music , movies , the Internet , and so on .
It is difficult for youth to look at helping their communities , which does not look like more attractive for them .

Third , it is not well known for youth how to participate in the activities of helping their communities .
I expect that there are some young people who are interested in helping their cummunities and want to participate in such kind of activities .
However , from my experience , it is difficult to know how to join theire communities , even though they have a littele interest and awareness of helping and contributing their communities .

These are the main reason why I think young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The causes are in both young people themselves and the structure of the society .
Therefore , I 'd like to propose to improve the system of the society .
For example , I want the local government to establish and open the Homepage where young people can obtain the infomation regarding helping their communities .
By introducing such kind of Homepage , the door to joinning the communities will open for young people who have a liitle interest in helping the communities .
And then I expect the society will become better .
Enjoying life to the fullest has always been the aim and desire of man .
Everything we do during our lifetime is to quench our thirst for living a better life .
But everyone has a different definition of enjoying life .
Usually the youngsters have a different method of enjoying life than the old people .
But this method is taking its toll on us .
The risk factor associated with the willingness to try everything - which is always associated with the way youngsters enjoy - makes this method one which is not worth giving even one try .

The young people aim to enjoy all the joys which the life has to offer .
But this type of enjoyment is only superficial and short-lived .
After some time , the youngsters get to see the serious and dark side of the life .
Also they realize the futility of what they think to be enjoyable .
But the old people - the more wiser and the more matured , those who have seen what life is all about - have a different and a more fulfilling way of enjoyment .
They prefer to relish their own achievements and accomplishments which have made them what they are today .
They have a more practical and wiser approach towards life and they know the limits of enjoyment .
The young people , on the contrary , do not know their limits and may take their enjoyment to such a height from where return might not be possible .
Or even if the return is possible , it would not be in the manner we would like it to be .

To elaborate this point , consider the example of a group of partying teenagers .
They are still novice when it comes to the skills of living life .
In their desire for enjoyment and willingness to try everything new and `` cool '' , they might use drugs .
The original intention might be innocuous but it may lead to addiction or even death .
Is this what you call enjoyment ?
Mixing drugs with your drink so that you can dance all night long is not called enjoyment , not at all .
It is actually called sheer stupidity .
Taking foolish steps whose consequences we are unaware of can lead to deep regret later .

But what about the old people ?
I think these are the people who enjoy more than the young generation .
How ?
These people have actually gone through all that mentioned above .
They know that one single mistake can actually bring your whole life to a mighty crash .
And there is nothing bad or `` dangerous '' in sitting with old friends and reminiscing about auld lang syne .
It is not the young cannot enjoy , it is just that they do not know `` how '' to enjoy .
Actually , the youth is the time to enjoy and make merry , but today 's generation seems to misinterpret it .
There is a different and a better way of enjoyment than taking drugs and repenting one decision all life long .
I would agree with the statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject '' I think it is wise to be a ` jack of all trades but may be master of none ' .
If one knows sufficient about many subjects but not everything about a particaular subject then he might not be able to top any subject but atleast he would not fail any of the subjects and if he performs reasonably ok in most then his overall performance would certainly be enhanced .
Also it is always helpful in daily life aswell as in terms of future prospects if one has a broad academic knowledge .
This would open him to far more career opportunities than if he limits his knowledge to only certain subjects .

Say for example , in high school , some one who has scored grade ` A ' in physics or mathematics while grade ` c ' in all other subjects , although may be able to get into a top class engineering university but would not have much other choices left incase he decides not to go for engineerin .
On the other hand , if one scores a ` B ' in most of his subjects he may not be able to get into the top class college but would certainly manage in a fairly good college and at the same time enjoy the liberty of having many career options to choose .

This also comes into play when one is applyinfg for jobs in future as the person having knowledge in various academic fields would find himself in a situation where he could apply in various institutions .

Also in place of his work , he might someday make use of his knowledge in other academic fields than what he is currently practicing , helping him handle a critical situation better and attain more success at work and a thus a brighter future ahead .

To summerise , knowledge never goes waste .
So its better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Although exceptions might be there , as they always are , but in the long run it helps to have a broader spectrum of knowledge .
If most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ?
I would say probably yes , because that is the aim of advertisement itself .
All professions have a reason for being .
Lawyers try to avoid or solve conflicts between two or more parties .
Doctors try to cure sick people and prevent their pacients of getting ill .
Teachers educate and teach their studentes .
So what do professionals in the advertisement area do ?
They try to raise the sell of their clients products .

In order to convince a group of the population to buy a certain product , you have to give them reasons to do so .
On the first place the publicists define a certain target group for the product they want to sell : male or female , teenager or grown ups , professional women or housewifes , and so on .
Once they have a certain group of possible buyers , they have to enhance the benefits of the item for that party of the population .
Telling someone the negative consecuences of something is not a good marketing .
So they just tell the possible consumers about the great advantages of using this product , making only reference to the pro 's and leaving out the con 's .
An advertisement will probably mention how much better or efficient than other companies ' products this item solves a certain issue or conflict .
Making a difference , that is one of the keystones .
Also , an advertisment generally tries to enhance all the improvement the use of this product will do in one 's life , not only on the purpose of itself but also in a broader way .
Using a certain milk product will suddenly not only be better because of the calcium in the milk , it will also make you look healthier and younger , have a better skin , and - why not - find a boyfriend or enjoy more the time with your children .

These are the ways advertisment works and reaches the people : directed to the right group of consumers , mentioning only the benefits and enhancing those as good as possible , and then putting those consecuences into a larger picture .

That 's why advertisements make a product seem much better than it really is , because that 's what it 's supposed to do .
Cars are very important for our society .
It ensures our mobility which becomes more and more important in these days .
So cars became an important part of our world .
But how will the situation be in twenty years ?

In many countries in Africa or South America , often called the Third World , cars are not as important as in Europe or as in the United States .
But in the last years more and more people get cars becuase they become more important .
The number of cars increases every year and even the increasing rate becomes higher .
So there is no end in sight .
It is certain that in the Third World will be much more cars than today .

But what is the situation in the so called `` Western World '' ?
Fifty years ago cars were luxus .
But today a car bellongs to life standard .
Only few families have no car and the production of cheap small cars like the Smart enforce the development to have more than one car .
So also in the Western World the number of cars increases .
But it is on a high level , so perhaps the growth will stop in a few years .
But there are no signs that the situation will turn to fewer cars .

Less visible , but nonetheless important is the situation of the streets .
All over the world streets become better and better .
This leads to a more comfortable feeling in your car what finally leads to more cars .

But I think the crucial question is not how many cars we can count per person .
The question is how many people will live on the world in twenty years .
At the moment the population grows very fast .
During the last twenty years the population increased of about 70 % .
It is not certain if the growth remain as high but sure is : population will grow !
And more people buy more cars .

As a result I ca n't agree with the statement .
I think there are no doubts that the number of cars will become much higher .
Society has always been divided in two groups , one that of more experienced , but sedate older generation and the other that of a more enthusiastic and ripe newer generation .
I do not agree with the opinion that the present generation does n't give sufficient time to help their communities .
Infact , the youth of today provides a very balanced and fundamental support to its society .

Young people have always been the main source of the enthusiasm and interest for the activities carried out by their communities .
Infact they are the one who takes initiative and drive others out of their home .
For instance , the No War Propoganda , to protests against the war by US on Iraq and Afghanistan were not only dominated but initiated by groups of college and high school students .
They were the one who took the responsibility to unite the society to stand and voice its opinions .

Young people have more time , space and entusiasm to participate in social programs .
Unlike adults who are too engrossed in their mediocre family problems and commitments , younger generation provides a more committed interest and a promise to fulfill its task .
Hence , its always the younger generation that ends up in helping out the society .
For instance most of the latest discoveries and inventions are made by the young assosciated of scientist and professors .
Though its been under the supervision of the scientists its those young shoulders on whose basis the scientists can claim the accolode .
They devote them selves to the benefit of human race .

Young people have always been the major recruiter in the army .
Its the younger people who do understand their resposibility and do join armed forces to the service of their community .

Young people provide the innovation needed to do things in a newer and more effective ways .
They do provide oppourtunities to others to share , help and protect each other .
To illustrate the point , several young boys and girls do participate in welfare , charity , marathons , processions , seminars , public debates , etc. to help society .
They provide a feeling of brotherhood , a feeling of togetherness , a sense of unity lacking in a group of adults .

In short , its the younger generation of today thats been more responsible and more approaching to a community as compared to its older assosciates .
The development of competition between companies have created a war in the area of advertisements .
Nowadays , more and more advertisements have develop new strategies to catch the customer 's attention , although they are not as they appear ; in other words , producers of advertisement have had to improve their strategies being more and more creative and original , and even , trying to sell products that seem to be better than they really are , but they are not good enpugh .
And that is because , in my opinion , there are n't regulations that help the customers to valid their rights and to select the proper products without the influence of adverstisements .
I think , goverments have to create , not only new regulations to the companies , but also new instances where people who have purchased something wrong can demand for their rights .
That means , goverments have to create politics that regulate what advertising companies are doing and how they have to respond to thier customers .

On the other hand , not only advertisers are culpable in this topic , customers have the responsability to buy things that we really want , and realize that the last purpose of the adverstisements is to sell as much as they can , and not to think in the really needs of people , or in the capacity of customers to pay for that .
So , if you want to buy something , it is your responsability to see and select the correct product .
Although , advertisements can show you different products with their advantages and occult disadvantages , you have to be sbut at the end you are who have to select and buy what you really want and need .

Finally , if you want ot buy a product , try to think about what you really need and do n't pay attention of what advertisements give to you , because most of the time you do n't really need the product .
I also will be better to see what you are buying , comparing the advertisement and the real look or weight , texture or taste .
I have to disagree with this statement , even I would prefer I could agree with it , as this would be the solution of a big problem we have nowadays , and which will be even worse in 20 years .

There are some facts that lead to my oppinion .
The first is very close related to the people around me , even myself .
So if you take a look at the last decades it is clearly to recognise , that mankind is heading for a more convinient lifstyle .
This includes having more individuality for your own .
So what does this mean then ?
So everyone likes to have his own car , not just one for the whole family , no , one for each drivers license in the house .
So next , what takes place is that more and more people like to live in their own little castel , their own private house .
This leads to bigger cities , with its suburbs far away from the city 's center where many inhabitants go to work .
So it becomes necessary , that due to increasing demand of flexible employees , everybody really needs that own car .
It might be , that in big Cities the number of cars may increase not that much , as the puplic transportation becomes more attractive , with increasing traffic jams on the streets , but it still seems convinient to the car drivers to wait in the traffic jam with his audio entertainment center , the meanwhile usual builtin internet acess than waiting at a freezy train station .

If you take this and think of the economic plans of the automobile coorperations to steadily increase the selling numbers by introducing their products on new markets like china or africa it becomes pretty hard to believe , the number will reduce over the next 20 years .
Think of all the chineese people , who still do n't have a car in their family .
Think of them getting to the point , that all family members like to have its own car and can afford it .
It seems to me , that it will still take us long to reach the turning point , the point when the number of cars will be decreasing .
It is really important to find other solutions to fuel for our cars , I hope we find alternative resources than oil , as the increasing amount of cars is really endangering our enviroment .
There are some ideas that could prevent people from buying cars .
First the puplic transport system needs to be more affordable and reliable , there need be special services , that privat cars cannot provide .
The structure of cities needs to be overthought. `` work and live '' is a important idea , which states that people should live nearby where they work .

So have a look further to the future , maybe in about 100 years something has really changed , but not in 20 years , therefore we are just not far enough .
Cars are one of the numerous examples of the human being 's ability to always have a more practical life .
They are part of technology progress that enhanced or facilitated our lives , and that become more and more complex and numerous .
But will this phenomenon continue in the future ?

In my opinion , there will be more and more cars in the future .
This is the result from the incredible technological progress that we witnessed since the second world war .
Indeed , century ago , the car appeared with limited capacities .
Nowadays , thanks to business and technology , we can watch a movie inside our cars , we are more protrected than ever with all the security systems that virtually every car has ( ABS , airbags ) .
In addition , the car has become a major way of moving , since many people use it to go to work .
And since cities are growing , and developing countries will enter in their industrialization phases , there will be more cars .

In my mind , there will be more cars within twenty years due to the development of emerging countries .
In rich and industrialized countries , the car is a thing without which we cannot live anymore .
You need a car to work , to travel , to go to vacations for instance .
The developing countries tend to evolve like the rich countries .
As the society has changed in those latter , societies of developing countries such as China is changing also .
It is evolving towards a more consumption-oriented society , where merely everyone possesses a car .
Therefore , the numbers of cars should increase .

On the other hand , the environmental issues have forced us to be careful of what we produce and how we use our environment .
It becomes more and more important to protect the environment so that we will not face dramatical events in the future .
Since the pollution mainly contribute to the ecological alteration , from now on the emphasize is made on the protection of this environment , or at least the reduction of factors that worsen it .
Thus , there may be limitations as for the use of the cars and for other pollutent .

In conclusion , I think that there will be more cars in use in the future .
It is the logical result of technology and industry progress .
Most of the people use a car , but it has become a comfort more than a need .
But I also think that there should be less car inasmuch as the environmental issues are becoming a real problem for us and for the future generations .
I think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because it is safer , the best touristic places are shown , and It can be cheaper .

First of all , traveling alone can be very dangerous since you are in a place that you do n't now .
Some times even the idiom is strange to you .
It 's possible that by mistake you ended up in risky places where you can be assalted .
These are some risks that people like me do n't want to have , so the answer for them is to travel in a tour .
Because tour 's are composed of many people and are led by a local guide who knows the zone , you can be almost sure that nothing bad will happen to you .

Furthermore , lonely travelers have to ask for interesting places in each city they go .
They will visit some places , but probably they will miss others .
When traveling in a tour , all the places are known by the agency , and they usually give you the best of each town .
You dont waste time asking for advice and you do n't miss important places .

Finally , although tour agencies seem to be expensive .
In my opinion , they ended up being cheaper .
When you travel by yourself , you can make some good deals .
Nevertheless , very often people are cheated by local sellers , and they do n't become aware of this because they simply do n't what is the correct prize .
These events never happen in tours .
They know where they work , and the correct prize .
Thay charge you some extra money for this knowledge , but it 's worth it .

Overall , I prefer to travel with tour agencies because an important thing to me is to play safe in my trips along with the fact that I do n't like to miss any interesting spot .
In addition , tour agencies end up being cheaper .
I disagree that understanding ideas and concepts are more important than it is to learn facts .
With this a do not mean that understanding ideas and concepts are useless , of course you need them for everything you do , like in your personal life , in your work , etc .
The point that I think that is more important learning the facts it is because you are actually living in real life the problem .
Understanding ideas may give the basis for the problem but many times when you are in the real situation it is not like they taught us it would be .
Like for an example when you are studying in the college , they teach how the companies work , they give you all the ideas and concepts of what you are suppose to do in such situation , and many tools to resolve many problems in your professional life .
But this is no even close of what actually happens in real life .
When you graduate and finish school and a company hires you , this a different story .
The problems are much bigger and stressing than the ones you study .
For resolving this problems you have to implement all the knowledge you have study .

The facts gives you a wider vision of what is happening around the world .
I think that studying facts gives you the knowledge and the experience to face the problems in you professional life .
Experience is one of the most importante attributes that a persona can have when you are looking for a job .
This will help you to resolve the problems in a way a lot easier than your collegues and it could be a value that you your superiors would evaluate like a principle asset .

In conclusion a think that learning facts are much more important than unsterstanding ideas and concepts , of course not making the second ones less important .
Although i think it 's not possible to make such a strong division between ideas and concepts on a side , and facts on the other side , i would say i agree with the stament .
The reasons why i agree with it are mainly three .
First , i think understanding ideas and concepts can be very effective in learning how some patterns can work in more situations , same situations or really different situations .
For example : you can study history just as a list of facts , but they are not simply facts , because you may have some very important reasons why some events occurred .
The two world wars , even if extremely different between themselves , show how the imperial pattern , the rush for colonies and for money , can be the same .
The same pattern , could be applied to many of the contemporary wars .
Once you learn the pattern , the way an event can happen , you ca n't be sure you 'll be able to avoid it to occur , but theoretically you might do something against it .

Second , i think learning ideas and concepts can develop a more flexible mind in a student , who will learn how to think when he considers something , who will be taught how to consider certain circumstances not just an event , but as a process created by more interactive elements .

Third , which in fact it 's a postulate of the second point , to learn how to think , how to consider some situations , will teach a student how to watch reality , and how to watch at it in a critic way , which means to learn in not taking every fact as a truth , but to doubt about it .
To learn a critic way of thinking means to learn how to go deeply inside things , evaluating why these things behaved in a certain way or maybe why they did n't , and in fact it means to learn not to believe in facade of facts too .
Especially in our times , where the mass media communication has a great importance , i think it 's particularly important a student do n't believe just at an event , but learn that the way an event is told can change very much the idea i can have about that event , which means , they ca n't simply believe how an event occurred , but if it 's true how they say it occured , if it could have occured the way it did , and which means also to understand if it 's really reliable what they can read on newspapers or what they can see on television .

In conclusion , i would say that learning facts it 's obviously important , i ca n't know history , for example , without knowing what happened , but i have to understand why it happened , which means , to give more importance to ideas and concepts than just to facts .
I think this concept can be resumed by a sentence on Auschwitz memorial monument , which says `` whom does n't know history will be forced to live it again '' , which means , in my opinion , not who knows the facts , but who have understood why something could happen , to avoid it to happen again .
Young people today are faced with constant pressures from their family , school , and community .
The lives of each young person or teenager today focuses around a common goal of education .
With all the pressures of education and family expectations the time that each young person gives to helping the communtity is not enough .

In reality young people today do help the community but the factor that should be looked at is when do they help the community .
They help the community every summer when the work load of school is decreased .
During the summer young people look for summer jobs helping their families and working in small businesses .
These summer jobs that each young person is dedicated to bring the community closer and help the community be stronger for the future .
Each young person helps the community in an indirect way by working in different aspects to strengthen the bonds of community .
When a young person works in the Super Market he greets everyone in the community with warmth and works to give an extra hand to the Super Market and this in the long run benefits the community because a strong community is a happy one provided with all their food resources from the Super Market .
In another example when a young person volunteers in the summer to work in an orphanage they are helping the community greatly because when any person volunteers they are giving without expecting something back ; they are giving to help the community .

The question that should be asked is how much time should each person give to helping the communtity ?
Each young person should dedicate the time they gave to helping the community during the summer throughout the whole year .
Even if it was for only five minutes a day it would benefit the community significantley in the future .
In conclusion young people are helping the commuinity but they need to give more time to helping it .
I do not believe that younger people enjoy life more than older people do .
However , I do believe that at each stage of our life we experience a different taste of fun and appreciate life in a different manner .

When we are children under the age of ten , we have fun playing hide and seek , catch , and other similar games .
As teenagers we go out with our friends and enjoy our time at the mall .
When we become adults we spend our fun times going clubbing or to restuarants , and as we grow older we have fun cuddling witth family members at home .
At each stage we feel that we are enjoying our time and we do not really consider other options .
Have you ever seen a child prefer to sit with his parents rather than play in the mudd ?

Someone might argue that yes younger people do enjoy life more because they are more active and more energetic and that older people most often suffer from one disease or another .
Then I would have to point out that many teenagers and children suffer from disabilities or illnesses .
Therefore , if somone is determined to have fun and enjoy his life , then what 's inside of him is what mattters andwhat allows him to enjoy his time or not .
I must totally disagree with the given statement .
In my opinion , in twenty years we will still be using cars as our main way of transport .
I will try to summarize the different arguments that I think are essential for supporting my posture .

First of all , evidence shows that countries and cultures of the second and third world are beginning to be a relevant party in the car market , as we may see in countries like China or India , which are even developping their own industry , producing cheap cars for the populations of their countries .
This will evidently result in a relevant rise in the number of cars , as most of these countries have large populations .

Secondly , even if some may say that public transport in western countries has been trying for years to be a subsitute for cars , the truth shows that families spend more money than ever in the purchase of cars , and many of them own more than one , or even two cars .

In addition , and as a consequence of the recent rise in oil prices , many car-industries are launching models called `` hybrid '' , whose main characteristic is that they do not depend totally on petrol , but combine fuel with other alternative sources of energy , like water , electric batteries or even litter .
As this models begin to spread all around the world , the problem of the oil prices will be partially solved , and the pollution that is today affecting our environment will diminish .

Last but not least , fliying has turned over the past years into a more than unconfortable way of travelling .
Due to current world instability and to international terrorism , many people prefer not to take a plane if possible , not only because the fear of an attack , but because the security controls and the more and more frequent baggage losses .
This means that many people would travel by car when possible , even if this results in longer hours .

As we can see , there are strong arguments that support this opinion , and even if some may hope that cars , and therefore traffic and stress , may someday disappear , it does not seem to bother most of us .
In twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because of limited natural resources , improved transportation services and financial disadvantages of using cars .
First of all , most of the cars today are using benzin-oil as fuel .
The problem is that for producing benzin people need petrol which is a limited natural resource .
In twenty years the petrol on the world would be very limited and there would n't be enough petrol for many car as in today .
Of course people are searching for other energy resources for cars like solar energy , and there are cars working with solar energy , but those technologies are far away from today and most probably in 20 years they would still be unusable in real life situations as the engineers believe in so .

In all over the world multi-passenger transportation system is improving , even right know the subways are very efficient and cheap for transportation .
With the improving technology those subways are geting faster and faster , and needing less fuel .
Even more they have produced a train faster than any train right know , which works with magnetic energy means that it does n't need natural resource to operate .
So in the near future it would be highly possible that most people would use multi-passenger systems , because of their speed and low cost .

Lastly , in twenty years the benzin price would be very expensive because there would be very less petrol in the world .
Even today the benzin is very expensive , and most people do n't use cars to avoid that kind of financial loss .
People start to understand the advantages of the subways in financial criterias , and if we consider the fact that the decrease in petrol would increase the price of the benzin , even though most people prefer using cars , they will stop using cars and look other options for transportation like subways in near future because of the financial drawbacks of using cars .

It is obvious that most people want to use car ; but because of the limited resources in nature and financial considerations , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Young people and older people have same qualities of life .
The only difference between the two groups of people are that young people are more active whereas older people are less mobile .
However , there is no limit to enjoying life .
Therefore , I believe that young people and elderly enjoy life similarly .

Young people have more passion , dreams , and ambitions .
They enjoy life by their own ways .
For example , young enjoy life by going for drives , clubs , bars , or many different kinds of activities available .
They may enjoy life more enthusiastically and with more thrill , however , elderly also get the same joy out of simpler things .

There are numerous available activities for elders .
The city supports elders by building senior homes and providing other servieces such as bingo .
Older people get together often to drink tea , talk about books that they have read , share recepies , or talk in general .

All people are unique and thus they enjoy different activities .
Some might like to play basketball , some might like reading , some might like to listen to music .
Therefore , enjoying their favourite activity differs .
For example , an older person reading a book in a chair can feel the same joy as a young man playing basketball .
Thus , there are no such thing as enjoying life more than others .

Although there are more variety of activities for a young person to enjoy his life , the same can be done by an older person .
Nowadays , with the medical advances , humans ' life span has increased considerably .
The population of the elderly is increasing .
Following this increase , there are increase in activities which are only meant for older people .
For example , my grandmother recently found a facility which is only for seniors .
Now she goes there regularly to swim , talk with her friends and to participate in choir .

As explained above , one can enjoy one 's life according to one 's own likes and dislikes .
It depends on their personality , not on the age .
There are many ways to enjoy life as a young person or as an older person .
One should find those ways and enjoy life to the fullest .
I completely disagree with the statement that , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The first reason for my belief is , if any company or industry make any false statement about their product , they will be in loss not only with that particular product even for their entire life time .
Next time if they come up with really good product and they start adverising in the TV and in newspapers , but no body is going to buy it , as they already have very bad impression about their earlier product .
So gaining confidence of the customer is very important for profits .
So when they advertise about the product they should not lie about the product consequently the product or particular company will build a good rapport with the customers .

The second reason for my belief is , not all the companies will cheat the customers .
To have good reputation the company should not expect the profits initially , first they should be humble with the customer and try to improve the marketing of their product .
For example take Johnson and Johnson companies products , initially they tried not to exaggerate about their product or not to lie about the product , they created some sort of trust in their customers .
So as they come up with new products some times they do n't even have to advertise their product , just by looking at their company name cutomer will buy the product .

Thirdly , there are few products which will be given over impression as they really are .
But it should be healthy it should not be something which plays with customer life .
Some products will sell fast just the way they advertise the product .
For example some clothing advertisement , they can give any type of advertisement because it is not going to have any kind of life threatenings , The same thing if they do in some medication which has really bad side effects and still if they do false advertisement that is not healthy .
Advertisemant plays very important role in competing with the other products , the competition should be healthy way , it should not be unhealthy , by false advertisements the companies not only get loss but also never can be good reputitive company or product , even they come up with real good product .

Above mentioned reasons will support my disagreement with the statement given `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' .
In my oppinion products seem better than they actually are in advertisemets , so I agree with the statement .

In order to make any inference about the advertisements we first have to consider why and by whom they are being produced .
Adverstisements are for firms that wish to increase the sales of a product .
Apart from a few exceptions , the number one priority for the modern firms of our time is profit making .
Thus the advertisement 's final objective is to increase the profit of the firm by increasing the number of goods being sold .
In that regard the firm wants its product to look as good as possible on the TV , newspaper , billboards or any other medium which advertisements have infiltrated .
To that end the advertisement maker is likely to show only the things about the product that he thinks will increase its sales and as a result what the consumer sees is not the final product but rather an idealised version of it .

Let me give an examples to better explain the previous paragraph .
Imagine diet coke and advertisements about it .
In those advertisements what we always see is good looking people , drinking diet coke and having fun .
They almost always look good , are extremely happy on the advertisement .
Does it reflect reality ?
Obviosly what made them that good looking is not diet coke , as any person will admit , but hard training .

Or think of a man in an advertisement who just bought his brand new car .
He is driving on the countryside away from traffic jams and enjoying himself as most as possible away from the real world .
But in reality he would be stuck in a trafic jam most probably and not bu that happy .

What the advertisements are trying to do is not giving information about the product , but rather trying to depict it in an ideal setting and make the consumer want it .
Can we wake up as a successful person overnight ?
Should we devote ourselves to our profession or just take a chance ?
The answer to these questions lies in the success stories and figures of our time : Thomas Edison , Enrico Fermi and a modern example , Google .
It is certain that devotion and hardwork put through to learning every aspect of our job is the key to achieve the glorious ideas in our minds .

Our first example is Thomas Edison , one of most successful men of his time .
By inventing direct current ( DC ) , he has illuminates our future as well as our homes .
In every discussion about success , everybody quotes him the most with this saying : `` Success is % 10 imagination and % 90 hardwork . ''
The way to success could not be summarized better because before his invention , Edison has worked really hard to put all the bricks to the wall that leaded to electricity .

Next man to know anything about succeeding would be Enrico Fermi .
Being the most appreciated chemists among the world , he simply summarizes his achievements by stating that he tried to do his best at what he does .
His advice to the people `` If you cannot do something best , do not do it. '' is his main philosophy from a man that has opened the road to breaking atoms apart .

Finally , an widely known success figure from our time is Google .
This modest research project by two Phd .
students at Stanford has become the world 's one and only information source .
When we inspect the history of Google , we can see that the architects of this search engine came to life by one important curiosity of the Phd .
students : how to improve themselves at what they know best , trying to find the best solution .
The only drive that made Google successful at the beginning was the research and efforts put into it , the rest was insignificant .

With all these success figures that focusing only on their field of work , we can conclude that in order to run , first you have to walk and taking a severe risk can make you fall , like a stone on your way .
Broad Knowledge of Many vs Specialization in One .

In my opinion , it is important to have knowledge of various subjects that are inter-related with specialization in a specific subject .
This is in contrast to having broad knowledge of many subjects or having specialization only in one specific subject .

This has to be seen in the perspective of the interrelation of various fields to each other and the impact they have on the development and progress in another field .
Many theories in physics could only evolve because mathematicians could find solutions to the complex problems that such theories or hypothesis posed .
If however , mathematicians and physicists worked in isolation , they would not have been able to find solutions to the problems that they encountered .

Infact , many of the greatest physicists were great mathematicians aswell , right from Archemedies to Newton and more recently Einstien .
These persons are physicists , but if they did not have exposure to mathematics they would never have been able to prove many of their theories .

Even in modern times , advances in computer technology have helped in innovation in all sphere .
However , the requirements of other sciences has also pushed the computer scientists to make better and faster machines .
For e.g. , weather forecasting requires computers to carryout complex mathematical calculations .
This has pushed computer scientists to make faster machines and has helped mathematicians and meteoroligists to collaborate to develop forecasting models to predict weather patterns and simulate the same .

These would however , not be possible if the people engaged in such research were totally ignorant of the advances in other fields .
They may not have specialization in every field but would need to have broad knowledge of the other field to be able to interact meaningfully with each other to achieve their goal .

At the same time it is abudantly clear from the examples above that the many advancements in science and techonology have come about as the persons engaged in these had specialization in their own fields and has enough knowledge of others to call up the expertise of others or their own faculties to help them in their chosen field .

Thus it is important to have knowledge of the subjects which can have an influence on one 's core area of work and have specialization in the core area .
Knowledge enlightens Man , giving him means and paths to accomplish his disiered goals in life .
And Knowledge comes through learning .
And learning is acheivable by two main ways : The first is studying ideas and concepts , and the second is studying facts .

Studying ideas and concepts means looking into laws and rules that govern a certain subject trying to understand the way it works and the way it relates to its surroundings .
This study is rather an academic one and it is mostly done under controled curcumstances in form of an experiment .
For example , studying how the social and economical enviroment affects the conducts of criminals .
What happens in their inner man sicologically .
A man who was raised in a poor family has become a theif or a robbr inorder to supply his material needs .
Wile another who was raised bu an abusive parent tends to commit violent crimes seeking to breeth out his anger , On the other hand learning by facts is a rather practical way of obtaining knowledge .
This is when the tangible results of a certain issue automatically explains the causes of it .
what led to a certain result .
It means that we do n't have to experiment the rules . , rather we have to receive the result as it is and accept it as a maner of life or nature .
For example car accedents kill , and we don ; t discuss why .

to0 me find both ways b
I disagree with the statement made .
Although young people today seem to be self indulgent , pretentious spoiled brats , there are atleast some from this generation who do believe in giving back to the community and do so in their own way .
There are people in todays day and age who actually care about the comman man and the community as a whole and make it a point to contribute their part in trying to help their communities .

All this starts in the homes of the people .
If the young people today have been brought up by their parents in a particular way , with a sence of realistion towards the hardships of man and if the values and habits of caring have been instilled in them since the beginning the definitely act on their impulses to help the community and the people in them .

For instance , close to the area in which I stay there is a school for the mentally challenged people suffering from different and difficult problems .
These people lead a mundane and commonplace life , in the school all day doing what they do .
Some of the doctors in the facility thought that it would be a good idea to take these people out everyday atleast for some time , it might liven them up .
But since the school was short on staff they did not have anyone to take them out , additionally the school could not afford to hire help as it was running low on funds .
Still , they published an advertisement in the local paper which called upon young people to do their required job for no pay at all .
To the surprise of the school and the community as a whole they got an overwhelming responce from genuinely interested youngsters to do the job .
This shows the interest of the younger generation in the welfare of their community .

In another instance , I also came accross a news paper article regarding a common problem faced by a community in a neighbouring town which was solved by the local youngsters .
The problem they were facing was of improper collection and disposal of garbage in a particular area .
The people were really annoyed and even with repeated complaints to the local municipal corporation they were left without assistance .
Finally , a group of youngsters took the lead in this matter and with in a weeks time the situation was resolved by means of thorough planning and execution of their plans to alleviate the situation .
Thus the people of their community were rescued from their plight by the younger generation itself .

Thus , although todays cinema and media undermines the youth for its lack of concern for the communities well being , there are young people who are genuinly interested in helping their communities as can be infered from above examples .
I do n't agree with the statement that the less cars will be in use in the future .
Why I do not agree stands for a couple of reasons such as experience and observation of the past years , trends , changes in people 's taste ...

When we look at the last 20 years , number of cars in use noticably increased .
Although it might not be valid for every single country around the world because of financial reasons and even may be moral reasons , my point is made based on my country , Turkey , and many other countries as well .
It is not because people make more and more money every year , but because they feel or it is imposed like to have a car is a need .
Of course this is debatable , especially depending on the country .

The changes time bring to people also are effecting the devices or machines we use or make them become a ` need ' .
For instance , in my country many people work very far from their home , thus they prefer or sometimes they have to have a car .
Another example is about students , particularly university students .
Even if they do n't study far from home , they still want to have a car to make their university lives easier .
If i have to give an example from my neighbor family who has 4 cars , one for each family member , who are mother and father and two students , my point will be more obvious I assumeThese are some of the reasons why the number of cars in use will not decrease , at least in my country .

I have to add another considerable influence in helping increase the number of cars in use .
That is the improving car market around the world and their promotion strategies , for instance commercials , TV programs .
In my opinion , they make especially young people want to have a car , young people such as my own brother who always talks about cars , knows everything about cars , learned how to drive before having a driver 's licence !
Everywhere there is so pompuos information about new technology and cars .
It makes you feel like you HAVE TO have a car .
Of course , it is again debatable if people have to listen to this ` CALL ' or not ...

When we think about how hard it is to find oil nowadays , and also how expensive oil has gotten , logical answer would have confirmed the statement above .
But regrettably , it is not the fact .
People are not careful enough or their taste or convenience is more important , I guess .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , but I believe that this problem cannot be limited to young people but extends to older generations as well .

To begin with , from my experience , only few young people are involved in their communities .
Peer pressure , the fear of seeming ` uncool ' to their friends or just lack of interest might be the most common reasons .
This is a very sad development , I believe , since community work brings people of different backgrounds together .
Community work can , thus , contribute to strenthening people 's sense of responsibility and their open-mindedness .

Nevertheless , I do not believe that the problem is limited to young people .
Particlarly in larger cities , where life tends to be more anonymous , only few people dedicate time to the community .

I do not think , however , that this development is inevitable .
My experience is that you can get people involved if you are convinced of what you are doing and you can transport this excitement to others .
For example , I have been working in my university 's amnesty international group for four years now .
In our work we also regularly visit schools to tell students about what we do and to gain support for our group .
The students ' reactions are always very positive in that they are usually ready to help and support our work .

As a conclusion , in my view , this example shows that the problem will not be solved on its own .
In my opinion , the lack of sense of responsibility for the community is not only a problem among young people but extends to our society as a whole .
If we want younger and older people to get involved , we have a responsibility to offer opportunities and to be role-models .
Changes in society are hard to achieve .
We should nonetheless make an effort - every single one of us .
There are two sides to the questions whether young people enjoy life more that older people do .

On the one hand , one could say young people enjoy life more than older people do .
They still have their lives ahead of them and , due to their youthfulness and good health , are still in the position to aspire a bright future as well as to have all the possibilities to live their dreams and achieve their goals and what they may want in life .
Also , the chances that young people are impaired physically and/or psychologically are way lesser than they are with older people .

On the other hand , one could also claim the opposite and say that due to their experience , older people are more in the position to enjoy their life to the fullest , despite mental or health problems .
After a life full of experiences and adventures , older people know what to acknowledge about life and not to take everything for granted - they will know who and what is important to them .

To conclude , I believe that one cannot find a final answer to our initial question , as it is merely impossible to measure joy or better a person 's capacity to enjoy life .
A young person can also be pysically and/or psychologically impaired in the same way an older person can be absolutley healthy and fit despite their old age .
In addition , some young people have already gone through a lot of hardships despite their youth , while some old people have never faced a severe problem .

Whatever the case , I believe it is not so much a question of whether a person is young or old , but rather a question of peoples individual character , outlook and attitude that enables them to live and enjoy life to the fullest .
At first , we should make a definition of enjoyment .
When poeple have a bad meaning of enjoyment , they numerate drinking , playing with trivial things and unrestricted acitivities .
But I want to make a distinction between good meaning of enjoyment and bad meaning .
I think that young people can be described as a progessing unit to become a sound personality .
In this case of young people , enjoyment can be a good way to enhance their ability to become a adult .
If person could not have a chance to learn the good way to enjoy himself , he would not know how to make his life meaningful with balance between enjoyment and temperance .

The emphasis only on temperance can cause a stiff life and dry life style .
To young people , the enjoyment means physical activities related with sports , travel , outdoor campaign .
Because young people usually hav much more energy than the old , they can show their desire to enjoy their life more apparently that the old .
From this difference , some people think that youg people enjoy life that older people do .
But it is based on the different way to show their taste , not the fundamental difference between the younger and the older .

For example , as people get older , they realize that the outdoor activities are sometimes beyond thier physical capacitiy .
This realization does not mean that the older give up their desire to enjoy their life .
They want to find more comfortable ways to enjoy their leisure time as far as thier body condition can not be hurted .
It will be very wiser for them to adjust their taste to situation .

So , in the matter of visible level of the enjoyment , young people seem to enjoy life that older people do .
The visible thing can not explain all of the enjoyment .
If we apply the enjoyment to the very limited category , the old people who do a yoga for health in leisure time would fall into the categoy of patients who want to recover from disease .
widening the meaning of enjoyment can be helpful for us to understand each other .
Enjoying their life according to their situation can not be blamed .
The one thing that young people should keep in mind is that the enjoyment should be accompanied by temperance .

Usually , young people do not be equipped with temperance .
They have less experience than the old .
Young people take a lesson from old generation .
As time goes by , young people follow the way that the old had trodden .

Enjoying life is very important .
Making life rich and giving a room aside from busy job is a basic function of the enjoyment .
Nowadays , many themes exist about studying .
Some people believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts while others think that it is more important for students to learn facts than it is for them to understand ideas and concepts .
I belivev that understanding ideas and concepts are more important than learning factors for several reasons .

First of all , understanding ideas and concepts are essential for students .
Even if students know the facts , if students do not understand ideas and concepts , the facts would not mean anything .
It could be just numbers and statistics .
For example , in the International Business class , students learned why countries trade each other .
Beneath the base concept of trade , there were two ideas : comparative and absolute advantages .
After students learned that they looked at the factors and numbers .
Students knew what the factors are supposed to mean because they already knew the ideas and concepts of the facts .
If professors just showed to students factor , they never know that what these factors and numbers are supposed to mean .

Second , understanding ideas is more important than learning facts because students can easily find and learn the facts .
Every fact are online .
By internet , students can find every fact they want to know from population to income rate .
However , in order to understand ideas and concepts students should spend their time and concentrate on that ideas students want to know .
For example , last semester I got an assignment to fill out the blank table about contry 's factors such as GDP ( Gross Domestic Production ) and industrialized rate .
I could fill up the table with factors because every fact that I wanted to get was online .
By clicking the mouse , it was a piece of cake .
But understanding the idea of GDP was sore .
Especially , GDP per Capita ( GDP by population ) was the height .
To understand that I spent two hours .

Third , understanding ideas are more important than learning facts because it encourage students independency to do .
Students can get fact that indicated by someone else such as experts and professors .
Students depend on them .
By depending on others , students cannot be independent .
However , students should study and work to understand ideas and concepts .
They have to figure it out what ideas are by themselves .
It needs independency for students .

In conclusion , I believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts beause the facts are only uselful after understanding general ideas and concepts .
In addition , understading the ideas need more time to do it and it encourges students independency .
Although some advertisements state the truth , I believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they actually are .
Nowadays , modern societies face an overflow of products in the stores .
People are overwhelmed and often have a hard time to decide what type of product or brand they should choose .
All they can rely on is their own experience in the past and the recognition of familiar and advertised brands .

If a manufacturer wants to be successful in selling his products , he is forced to invest time and money in advertisement .
Having the best product is just not enough to guarantee a manufacturer 's success .
A manufacturer has to identify the needs of his targeted customers and address these needs in his marketing propaganda .
A customer normally buys a product in order to satisfy his or her needs .
Examples of needs are youth , beauty , mobility or entertainment .
In the end , it all comes down to how to proper build up a brand that is related to certain values .

Imagine that you are standing in front of a shelf in a cosmetic store that contains 25 different brands of shampoo .
Which one do you decide to take ?
Would it not be the brand you just recently saw on TV , the one that promises healty , shiny , good smelling hair ?

In my opinion , branding is the key to success .
And the better you understand to link certain criterias that represent needs of customers with a brand , the more successful you are .
It really does not matter if your product is better than the product of anyone else .
As long as you offer reasonable quality and deliver the `` right message '' your product is requested .
For instance , Dewalt offers a low quality product with a rather weak service .
However , their marketing is so outstanding that they have the biggest share in rotating lasers .
The reason is that they know perfectly how to advertise their products .
Even there are companies in the rotating laser market with far better products and service , people tend to buy their products from Dewalt .
They have used the product in the past and believe what they were told in the advertisement .

However , one point has to be mention .
As long as the needs of a customer are met the customer will return to a company and by its brand .
If he experiences once that the product does not perform in a satisfying way , he might switch to another brand .

As a result , manufacturers have to take advantage of advertisement and present their products as perfect as possible .
Though , they also have to be cautious that they do not exaggerate .
There are two ways of travelling .
One is travelling in a group led by a tour guide and the other is travelling by our own .
There are advantages and disadvantages in each ways and people have different views of choosing which one is superior than the other .
My opinion is that travelling with a tour guide is not better than travelling myself .
There are several reasons of my opinion .

Firstly , many people choose to travel in a group in order to save money .
It is certainly true .
However sometimes a tour guide take travellers to shopping and makes people to spend more money than they expected to .
This issue has been pointed out many times in the news .

Secondly , the time for a travel is limited when travelling in a group .
Usually , tour guides has planned their schedule for each day .
For example , when we are going to a museum , tour guides give certain time for staying in that museum because they have to move to another place .
In this case traveller can not go through the place carefully because they have to hurry .

Thirdly , the reason I prefer travelling by myself is that I can visit anywhere I want to .
I do not have to move within the group .
For example , if I visit the foreign country , I always go to the market first .
It is because market is the place that I can feel their culture and meet people originally living in that place .
However , usually , tour guide do not take travellers to the local market .
Instead , they take people to department store where they can spend money .

Lastly , several disagreement can occur when travelling in a group .
When I was travelling China with some Chinese , we have to argue for the food that we want to eat .
Therefore we had to travel rest of the days without talking to each other .
People travelling in a group have to consider characteristics of people in the group .
Otherwise they have to travel in a uncomfortable conditions .

In colclusion , the reason I prefer travelling by my own is that travelling in a group can cost more money , the time and places for travel is limited and dispute can take place .
I love travelling therefore i travel a lot , these points are based on my experiences .
I disagree about the opinion that young people enjoy life more than older people .
I think It is true that young people , like students , have much time for going out with their friends .
But after their graduate school , their life style are going to be changed so suddenly especialy in Tokyo .

First of all , They lose their private time .
They have to work hard that they have to improve their ablility in job to earn more money , for the payment for the apartment fee , haviing dating , saving future marriage , or having holidays .

Old people have more money and time than the people in young generation .
That the main reason why I disageed to the this opinion .
First of all , they have a better experience than the younger people .
Fine foods , shopping good quality funiture , clothes , go abload by cruesing etc .

From my experience , it could be said , I 'm having more better life in my 30's than I experienced in my 20's .
I could enjoy eating out at good restaurant , going precious classic concert , buying good quality clothing .
Only one thing I can said about negative point about old people is , they do n't have enough energy physically sometime .
For example , my hobby is used to be skiing , but I feel like start losing enogh physical toughness recently , to keep high speed in the big snow slope , keep moving from mountain to montain .
I know it is natural changing for everyone , and not only me to face it , but actually it is kind of sad for me .

But I 'm sure about that people could enjoy better life after getting old thant the yonger generation .
They know what they want .
And more , they could have enough financial confident and much more free time for leisure to enjoy their life style .
Transportation has been one of the most important factor in human civilization .
According to the history book , Roman empire became so powerful and managed to rule a large land because they created road .
Later , European countries could create many colonies because they rule the world 's ocean with great ships .
Now , in this modern era car is the most important transportation .
We still use ships and airplains which are far more advanced than vehicles , but they cannot be owned easily by many people because of high prices .
For now , car is the main transportation system in the world .
Will there be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years ?
For now , it is not possible because there is no reason for us to change our current transportation .
Only problem with current transportation system is `` fuel '' .
It needs gas , but gas is limited .
But last decade , researchers have developed new types of fuels for car such as sun light , water , and electricity , and these new inventions are starting to replace old cars that run with gas , and we do not use as much gas as we used to compard to the past .

There is no way that number of cars will be decreased in twenty years .
Only way to decrease the number of cars that are owned by people , is an involvement of government .
First , government can increase tax .
In many nations , one family owns more than one car based on statistics .
By increasing tax rate , families wo n't be able to keep as many cars as today .
Second , if government supports the local transportation companies financially or perhaps creates government owned transportation companies , it might lower the numbers of cars that are owned by individuals by giving them more choice of transportation .
Many nations around the world have a great transporation system , but there are still some countries that do not have enough finance power to s From my perspective , there wo n't be fewer cars in use than today unless the government get involved with transporation system in the societyy .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do , that is what many people think , but I do not agree with it .
Old people can , and they do , enjoy life the same way that young people do , sometimes even more .
The reason I think this way is because , actually I have seen it , I see it everyday of my life , everywhere I look .

Everyday I see old people that go to work , to the movies , and to many othere places young people go and everytime I see a young one next to an old person I always see a smile on the old person 's face .
The reason they enjoy life as much as a young one is because they have lived more , they have more experiences and they are willing to learn new things , because the world we live now is quite different that the one they knew when they were young , so they get surprised .
A clear example : the other day at Christmas dinner I was with my family and my brother gave my grandmother a cell phone with a camera and all the new technology .
My gradmother was happy and surprised , enjoying it , clicking in every button trying to figure out how it works .
In the other hand , my 16 year old cousin , also got a cell phone , but for him it was a normal thing to use , he was not surprise .

This is just an example of my daily life that convince myself that old people do enjoy life , sometimes even more .
The key element why I think this is that old people know they do not know everything so they like to learn new things , a new language , learn how to use a computer or even how to use a cell phone .
They live one day at a time and they hold on to every moment of joy and happiness .
That is something that sometimes young people forget , that sometimes I forget .
I forget to enjoy every moment , to laugh at any time I can , to take a chance to learn something new .
So sometimes I would like to be like and old person , like my grandmother .
I will like to be amazed by simple things , I will like to take one step at a time .

So , no , young people do not enjoy life more than older people .
To enjoy life we have to appreciate every moment .
The important thing to enjoy life is not to do risky things and feel the adrenaline , like a young person will do , but enjoy and learn from every moment , like old people do .
It is true that people lead busy lives in nowadays ; therefore some people prefer a organized trip with a tour guide .
It is also ture that travel in a group will reduce numerous troubles .
But for me , it is hardly true that travel in a group led by a tour guide is my first option .

I would like to plan my own trip and explore the new world by myself .
Among the diverse benefits a self-planed trip will bring are more free of time , cheaper , and deeper understanding .

Travel alone will reduce the costs .
It is deniable that the travel agency will make money through the travel .
You are not aware of the exact or true costs of your flights , transportation or lodging fees .

Though some of the agency will provide costums a detailed list of the expenditure ; however , it is hard for costums to find out whether it is true .
Also in most cases in China , the tour guide will lead you to some specific stores to buy unuseful products , through which the guide will get some melon-cutting .

Plan your own trip will make you more free of time .
In a group , we always find that people share differenct interests .
While some of the travelers intend to spend more time on this site , others complain that it is boring and insist leaving immediately .
How to solve this problem ?
The only choice is to obey the majority with the sacrifice of your own interests .
On the contrary , if you plan a trip by your self , you can totally free .
You can decide where to go , how to allocate the time in every sites or ...

Go for a travel of your own plan will make you understand more about the new places .
For example , after having made the decision to visit Britain in grade 12 , I did a lot of survey of myself .
I had to look up relevant information on the internet to familiar with it relics and historical sites .
Though I had heard a lot about the London Tower and British Museum , I was still in its appearance .
Through the investigation , I leart the history of the London Tower and the story behind .
I also planed my route by chechking every places I wanted to go .
In this way , I tasted the pleasure and excitement of travel before I really started .
You will probably ask how is your trip ?
Counld not be better .
Because already known the sites before you visited , when you came to the site , you would feel the echo from the history and make you distinguished from other tourists , thoes who simply went there and then took a photo .

Nonetheless , I am not aguing that a travel in group lead by tour guide is very bad .
It is also have it own benefies , since everything is a two-edged sword in the world .
But when you ask me which one do I prefer , I will tell you without hesitation that plan and travel on yourself is my better choice which makes me save money , be free of time and understand more .
At last I want to say travel is anything other than unerstand more , by `` more '' I mean to explore by yourself .
In light of the ever-growing environmental concerns , such assumptions can not be completely dismissed .
However , the reason behind such an assumption can be argued with sufficient evidence from both points of view .
Using current statistics and general population trends , we can only predict what the future beholds .

As illustrated by the rocketing oil prices around the globe , there is a dwindling supply of oil and gas .
The cost of finding and processing these natural resources are rapidly increasing , much to consumers ' concerns .
In a typical economy , once the price of producing a good increases , the price of consuming that good will consquently increase .
Ultimately , the prices might become too much for an average-wage family to keep up with .
If such a trend continues , the world will possibly witness a marked reduction in the number of cars on the roads .
Whether the dependancy on cars as a means of transport can be reduced remains unknown .

On the other hand , the world is experiencing a colossal population growth .
Currently , there are around six billion people occupying the planet , however the numbers are expected to significantly rise in the near future .
Logically , if more people are present then more cars are going to be required to transport them .
An argument often made against that is that public transport methods , such as buses , trains etc ...
will be utilised more efficiently in order to mass transport large amounts of people at any one time .
However , will people compensate their comfort and personal space in order to reduce the number of cars ?

Finally , many environmentalists are undertaking massive public awareness campaigns on the ill-affects of excessive car use .
This could lead to governmental legistlations on the number of cars per family or similar restriction laws .
In effect , this will definitely reduce the number of cars but will consequently leave many people unhappy .

As displayed , one can only make predictions on population activity , especially when it involves large populations ' activity .
If I was to predict using the evidence at hand , I believe that such a statement will prove to be invalid and overly ambitious .
Nowadays , more and more people prefer to travel when they have holiday .
Is the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide ?
Different people have different answers .
As far as I am concerned , I totally disagree with the statement .
Travelling in a group has three main negative function : rigid , expensive and boring .

First , travelling in a group is not flexible .
People going out for trip is for relax .
However , travelling in a group sometimes makes people feel more stress .
People are busy during the workdays .
Of course they do not wish as busy as usual when they are on holiday .
There is a rigid timetable in a group .
Nobody will wait you if you sleep late or you want to stay in a place longer .
If people go to travel alone , they can change their timeable anytime and do not need to waste time on these places where they do not like .

In addition , travelling in a group is very expensive .
Travelling with a tour guide needs to pay some more money to the guide 's instruction .
It is a extra payment .
People should save these money so that they can go to more places .
Guides usually take visitor to some special stores for shopping .
Actually , the goods in these shops are much expensive than nomal shops and most of them are old-fashion or have something broken .
People want to use more money to make the trip more colorful .
However , they cannot get a equal service as they pay .

Finally , travelling in a group takes off almost half fun of a trip .
According to the recent research , people have more fun when they search the information of the places they will visit than visiting itself .
People collect information from newpaper , TV programs and Internet and when they go to the place , they feel familar and more interesting .
If travelling with a tour guide , there is no need to search the information because the guide will tell you everything about the place .

All in all , takin into consideration I have discussed , travelling in a group is not the best way to travel .
Not only cannot the timetable be changed , but also it is a waste of money and take off the interesting of searching as well .
It is often said that knowledge limits you .
I could never truly figure out what that meant until I saw it in application to life .
And I agree with the statement that - young people enjoy life more than older people do .

As one grows up , he undergoes many stages in life .
Each stage is a learning experience in itself .
Each stage has its joys and sorrows .
A baby would be considered at it 's first stage in the game of life .
His troubles would be limited to being fed at the appropriate time and probably aquiring a new toy .
That 's why you see young kids smiling at all times , even in their sleep .

As we grow up we realise that life is not all peach and roses as it was painted for us to see , but in fact each action has its set of troubles and maybe sometimes rewards .
We are induced with new worries and tensions with each passing day .

Securing a job , supporting your family , aquiring a suitable pension plan , and eventually settling down in life is all that one sums up his entire life as nowadays .
This constant struggle to achieve his aims , prevent man from stopping for a moment and enjoying the celebration called Life .

Young people are more blessed .
They have limited amount of stress as they are not completely aware of the problems that await them in their higher stages .
They enjoy each moment as it comes .
To put it in better words they live Life .

Consider an example of a father who slogs day and night to earn enough to put his son through college .
He doesnt mind putting in those extra hours at work as that would secure his son 's admission into a good university later on .
The son , on the other hand , would be blind to the hard work and efforts that his father puts in for him , and enjoy each evening out with friends .
Maybe a responsible son would match his father 's efforts and maintain top grades .
But lets take a practical view on this ; that hapens one in a hundred !

It 's not that young people shirk off responsibilty but just that they are more smart in shifting them to another day .
Older people are more serious in their approach to life .
This is a continuous cycle and might never end as young people grow up and one day replace the elders .
So live each moment as if it is your last .
The number of cars in use have been dramatically increasing during last three decades .
Although only very wealthy families used to own a car in early 1900s , now nearly every family owns a car and even more than one car .
But I think , this is the peak number for the cars in use .
I strongly believe there will be fewer cars in use in the future .
I have several reasons for this idea but the most effective 2 reasons are ; people 's awareness of air pollution and chaotic traffic .

Let 's have a look how people 's awareness of air pollution will decrease the number of cars in use .
People did n't know much about air pollution and its effects on our world in the past .
However , now we are well aware what can air pollution cause as we are witnesses of its results .
Many people are getting sick more often , the hole in the atmosphere is getting greater , there are acid rains that destroy the nature very badly .
These are the only a few results that we have seen .
This led people to become more considerate about the environment .
For example , many enviromentalist people do not use cars for transportation .
They prefer public transportation or use their bike to get to the work as they are aware of bad affects of air pollution .
What is more , problems about air pollution is told in many schools .
As people will get more sophisticated about air pollution , fewer cars will be in use in future .

The other reason why I think the number of cars in use will decrease is that many people are complaining about traffic .
Traffic has become one of the biggest problems of daily life .
You can see many people travelling by buses although they have cars .
Since this is becoming a bigger problem day by day , more people will prefer using trains or their bikes for transportation .

Finally , I would like to say that great number of cars in use lead to many problems and as people are aware of these problems , the number of cars in use will decrease .
Air pollution and traffic that I have mentioned are only two bad results .
To make your life and other people ' s lives better , prefer other transportation ways ehenever you can .
CAR AS AN OBJECT OF DESIRE

I would really wish this stament would turn out to be true but I do not think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Even though there is incredible technologic progressions occur in transportation , sociologic researches have shown us that a car is more than an instrument of transportation .
It is an indicator of a social status .

Although the developping technologies are making our lives more comfortable , still people have cravings for objects of desires , objects of self-satisfaction ; such as cars .
It is true that the public transportation devises are improving in each passing day .
I remeneber one it was impossible to imagine a train passing through a tunnel which is under the sea .
By this invention now people who live in Paris can work in London .
However when we speak of the transportation within a city , people insist on driving their own cars no matter how disastrous the traffic jam could get in morning hours when everybody is rushing to work .
They get in their cars , usually one car for one person , and they prefer To be isolated from public in this safe but burdensome ride with all the traffic jam .
I believe this is an egoistic attitude because preffering the public transportation would solve a lot of problems , especially the traffic jam .

As I said before the people are stubborn and rigid on not giving up their cars in the sake of the improvement of the traffic conditions .
They are concerned about their cars because cars have a significant symbol which underlines the social status of a person .
Maybe this is a specific case for Turkey ' in fact for Istanbul , I am not sure .
The parking is also another huge problem here .
There are more private parking lots ( parking lot mafia we call it beacuse they make a lot of money ) than natural parks .
Every space is considered a parking lot .
The parking lots are like galleries in specific places of Istanbul .
The vallets arrange them in an order where the most expensive cars are displayed with great care .
In that way the owner of the car is also happy and tips the man more .

When the situation is like that who would give up their cars ?
In fact , by the developping technologies new and more luxury cars are produced in each day .
Advertising companies emphasize the need to change your car to a more advanced model if you really wish to maintain your social status .
You need to be updated .
Who would give up these objects that we fetished ?
No way ...

In conclusion , I do not think that the number os the cars in use are going to decrease in twenty years .
In fact the demand for luxury cars are going to rise .
The use of public transportation devises are going to decline so the problems concerning traffic jam and parking spaces are not going to be solved beacuse a car is more than what it is used for .
It has a whole fancy myth behind it to which we are all attracted unconsciously .
I agree that most of the time advertisements make products seem better than they are and I guess there are several reasons for this .

One of the main reasons is that in most cases , there are a number of similar products manifactured by different companies that are in competition for being bought by costumers .

Usually costumers will want to choose the best product among the several similar ones , that is why each brand will try to convince potential buyers that his product is better than the others .
For example , soaps and detergents to use in a washing machine .
Every advertisement will show extremely dirty clothes become spotless and the more incredible the result is , the better the product is supposed to be .

The point here is `` incredible '' : no product can actually do what is showed , but if company A did a sincere advertisement , nobody would buy A 's product because `` it does not clean clothes as good as the others do '' .
That all comes down to a sort of `` prisoner 's dilemma '' from game theory .
It is a bit like doping in some sports : if nobody used it , there would be a fair competition , but a single person who chooses not to use it puts itself at a great disadvantage towards the others .

One other big reason for making products seem better than they are , is the need to create a desire in the potential costumer .
The advertisement 's goal is to make people feel that a certain item is so good and useful that it is not possible to live without it .
So , even if at first people would think of that object as unnecessary , after some time they will feel the need to buy it .
An example might be cell phones : until ten or fifteen years ago very few people had a cell phone and the ones who did not , did not even think about buying one because it would have been useless .
Now almost everybody has a cell phone , or even more than one , and they wonder how they did manage to live their lives without it .
There are several reasons why I think that young people nowadays give enough time to help their community , most of them based in my own personal experience , that makes me completely disagree with the statement setted .

In first place , we have to distinguish between periodic help to the community and flunctuant help to the community .
The first one is help of young people almost in a weekly basis and with a very high grade of compromise .
The second one is help given when certain natural disasters such as tsunamis or floodings arise .

Looking back throughout what I have been witnessing in this particular topic during the last 10 years , it is pretty clear for me that young people are involved in their community in a periodic basis .
Just a small example of this may be a program hold in my University which consists on young people living with old people who live alone and need help .
Of course there is an advantage for the young people from the program such as not having to pay a rent , but the really important thing of this program is that they are helping the community , helping the old people , helping their families and in general , helping society to become much more involucrated in the needs of the community .

There are also many examples of non periodic help such as those of natural disasters .
When that happens you always see plenty of young people moving to get food or clothes but not only in their own countries , but also moving themselves to wherever the disaster has occurred .
An example of this is the Tsunami held in Asia a couple of years ago , again in my university , you could see every single student organization moving in order to get money , food , clothes or medicines .

So , to sum up and as I have argued before , young people make lots of efforts to help their communities and they really give many of their free time to help others .
Advertising , effective marketing are the big buzz words which everyone in the field of business talk about .
But in reality how good are these products , is the big question that needs to be answered .
The mantra for any advertising is to make a product sell and increase sales , in this process some of the ethical issues remain unanswered .

For example , lot of the food products which are advertised do not specify the contents in them .
Some ingredients may be harmful for children .
This ineffective and hidden advertising is harmful and in the long run does more damage than gain to the company .
With the advent of advertising on televison , the way the product is perceived has been totally changed .
With newer technology in the media industry , it is questionable if the product we get is what we see !

In a lot of occassions , food products have been made to look lot more appealing to the eye , this kind of visual stimulus in deed sells product , but is it really right ?
I really dont think so , this this just an illusion which has been created and camoflauges the actual product and deceives the consumer .

Another major thing and the big talk of the present day is obesity and it 's harmful effects .
A lot of commercials from exercise equipment to health foods have been exploiting this concept .
The socailites and other personalities emdorse the products and sometimes are paid hefty for these endorsements .
There have been talks about celebrities overeating and then on a diet with an endorsed product just to promote it .
This kind of wrong advertising causes more harm to the public who try to follow and rely on this information .

Hidden facts is another way which ads make the products seem larger , this is esp seen again with health equipment .
The exact duration of performing the exercises and the assocaited diet modifications are seldom mentioned .
This when seen by the public is perceived big and hence the result is the same health status iof the indivudual or even worsening .
Another example of this would be the fuel efficiency in cars , which is advertised as very efficient and the best milage on testing road conditons , but in reality with the bad roads and stops at traffic lights , this efficiency is never achieved !

Another wrong concept of advertising is the comparing of the rival products and degrading them in comparison with theirs .
The customer should be given the choices and make his decision , rather than imposing the ideas .
Publically or through media showing comparison of their company product another is always wrong .
It is obvious that to promote their product the harmful effects of it , or the drawbacks are never mentioned .
This is unethical and not acceptable in advertising .
The comparison should always be left to unbiased bodies , who would be better judges .

Advertising is the biggest way an economy can be influenced , it would be more beneficient if it is done more positively .
This would benefit the public using the products and the company which makes them and in turn would finally build up the economy .
In recent years , the knowledge of ideas and concepts have become increasingly important in school curricula whereas the learning of facts has decreased in importance .
At first sight , this makes a lot of sense : the knowledge of ideas and concepts gives people the ability to deal with new situations and new facts .
With the fast changes in modern life that stem from technical developments but also from economic influences and changes within a society or culture as such , dealing with and adjusting to new situations and developments becomes an important skill to have .
Especially when facts become out-dated very fast .

Nevertheless , the natural sciences as well as history depend on the knowledge of facts and so do , maybe to a lesser extent , cultural studies and humanities in general .
Of course , it can easily be argued that facts can be looked up today without any major difficulty .
Especially with the increased use of the internet , to actually know facts might seem less and less important .
But then again , people need facts in their daily work : doctors need to know human anatomy , or the features of illnesses to work successfully .

But facts only make sense when they are embedded in a greater context that is provided by the knowledge of concepts and ideas .
A fact is `` useless '' in a sense when it cannot be judged adequately in light of an idea .
There is no real need for a person to know when a writer was born or died when he or she cannot place the writer `` s work in a greater cultural context or concept .
At the same time , there is not much use in knowing literary concepts and ideas without knowing when a certain writer lived to connect him or her to those concepts .

In the end , concepts and ideas are not everything , but neither are facts .
Both depend on each other in many ways .
Really , the discussion should not be about rating these two things in importance but finding a good way of combining both when teaching because both skills - the knowledge of facts as well as the knowledge of ideas and concepts - are closely interconnected .
The issue of `` Understanding ideas and concepts , than to learn facts '' , is quite an interesting , raising significant interest in today 's world of competition and survival of the fittest .
Many students believe that facts are more important than understanding ideas and concepts , and at first glance it appears to provide an adequate solution .
However , when juxtaposed with the alternative of understanding ideas and concepts , the solution of learning facts appears less convincing .
The importance to understand ideas and concepts has several advantages over learning facts as mentioned below .

Firstly , by understanding ideas and concepts , students can apply the knowledge they gain while studying , to the careers they pursue later on in their life .
For example a car mechanic , who understands how the machinery in a car functions , can easily diagnose the problem a car is facing , when the car is brought to the workshop .
This can make him a better car mechanic , with experience he can go on to become a successful manager in an automotive shop , and someday own his own automotive company .

Secondly , a better understanding of different subjects taught in schools and colleges , can have many different benefits .
Let us take the example of a biology student .
What he learns during his biology class can be applied to real world situations .
He learns that growing trees can cause so many health benefits by improving the functioning of our ecosystem .
Planting trees in an area can increase the amount of rainfall , thus solving a water shortage problem .

There are many good reasons for the opposing argument to argue that to learn facts is sufficient .
However it does not have the several advantages which understanding ideas and concepts has , as mentioned above .
Such as better career growth and benefits to the society and environment .
Thus I would like to conclude that understanding ideas and concepts provides a much better solution as it is not undermined by potential drawbacks .
Since the birth of civilization , the young have always been accused of not respecting tradition , and of not beeing as good as their parents , or even elder brothers , were .
In this essay I will argue that the main reason for which we may consider that the young indeed do not give enough time to their communities is that they actually do not feel that they belong to any community , whereas strong communities still obtain the same behaviour , respect and work from their younger members .

While walking in the center of a big Western European city these days , one cannot help being stricken by the fact that most people do not look at each other .
They usually wear headphones , or are talking on their mobile .
They rarely pay attention to what is happening around them .
I think that this shows that people mostly care about their own self and not about their communities , much less present in everyday lives as they used to be .

Most people nowadays lack a real sense of what communitites they belong to , what are their obligations towards these communities and what benefits they get from taking part in them .
For example , the strength of religious communities in Western Europe has been declining steadily over the past century .
Church service used to be a common obligation for the young , and religion was a source of a lot of hard work due to the community sharing that religion .
This observation has nevertheless to be contrasted with the situation in the United States , where very diverse religious movements are alive and active , involving many young people .

However , my own experience in Paris shows me that whenever a strong community is present , the youth do respect it and give time for it .
I think for example at Jewish communities , which have always been very strong .
Young people see communities as a structure that protects them and gives them part of their identity , and are thus eager to participate in it .

I thus believe that , whenever a strong community is present around some young people , they are grateful to it and are willing to give time helping it , in exchange for beeing helped by its elder members , thereby gaining experience , a ressource much sought after by the young .
Unfortunately , there are not many strong communities around these days , and the young thus have no one to give their time to , except themselves .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
For the argument , I would borrow the traditional definition of `` community '' as a group of people following a unique set of customs and practices which are visible in their general conduct , festivals and lifestyle .
`` Helping the community '' , hence , should mean endorsing and spreading the beliefs of one 's community in the society and also , specifically helping members of one 's own community only .

The world is fast moving towards a knowledge based society where boundaries of community are becoming ever more blurred and diffused .
In this well-connected world of today , external influences on mindsets and culture are large and the concept of working for one 's community is disappearing fast in the young generation of today .
Apart from this , we are now living in a highly competetive world where available time determines success ; young people of today are not in a position to earmark sufficient time to devote to their communities ' cause , else they would lag behind their peers .
Time crunch in general is a reson for the fact that people do not give time to their community .

As for the point of helping one 's own community people over others , the youth today are more aware of the concept of `` global fraternity '' and of the total time a person spends in helping the society , it is natural that his community would recieve only a part which the latter may well deem as `` insufficient '' .

In fact , I consider this trend of pushing community notion to the backburner a healthy one since afterall , the notion of community is a major cause of fueds and belligerence in the society today .
Although there are surely exceptions , I agree with the statement that young people in general enjoy life more than older people do .
There are different reasons why I state this opinion .

First young people do n't take life and their life-time so serious , they often do n't even think about it .
Because of their youth they have the feeling that they have plenty of time left , so they are very free to spend it on whatever they like to .
Enjoying life often means to take time for something that is not neccesary but that makes being alive more fun .
Young people do not hesitate to spend time for travelling , parties , visiting friends and so on .
Thus they enjoy life more than older people who often do n't seem to have spare time .

This leads us to another reason why young people acutally have the possibility to enjoy life easier .
As long as they go to school or study they do n't have to work the whole day like older people have to .
They just have more free time to deal with and they are most likely not as tired in the evenings as older people are after having worked many hours .
As a result older people will probably prefer to sleep on such evenings instead of doing something they really enjoy , although the next day will again start with working .

Furthermore there is one important thing which distinguishes young people from older people .
In general young people do not have so much responsibility .
They often live at home where their families look after them and they must not worry about money , food , insurances and things like that .
Older people who live on their own , perhaps have an own family and must earn the money to pay the living , have much more responsibility and often also worries .
So enjoying life in this situation is more difficult which is perhaps a reason why many older people have problems doing it .

Nevertheless I think especially as an older person who has to manage life in so many ways it should be an aim to enjoy it at the same time or at least most of the time .
Onle then it is worth living .
Technology has been constantly improving over time .
This process seems not to be slowing down , especially because people 's needs increase rapidly , and advances in technology are an important factor in the production of highly demanded goods .

Obviously , cars are one of those .
Each family owns at least one car , and people use it to go everywhere , even when it is not strictly necessary .
In some countries , places are reachable on walking distances , but in others people would not be able to go anywhere without an automobile .
this is one of the main reasons we depend so much on cars , and i find it hard to believe that some day we will be able to give up on them .

On the other hand , the number of cars around increases incredibly every day , and we should consider the possibility that - as time passes - it could get quite difficult to drive around because of traffic .
Roads would be overcrowded , and it could be impossible to move freely and quickly from one place to another .
Besides that , a shortage of gas availability could occur , and this would definitely have a bad impact on our economy .

In my view , it is very likely to happen that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are nowadays .
i am positive that technology will give us many more products whose main purpose will be making our lives even more comfortable than they already are .
Moreover , a more moderate use of cars would benefit the environment , and people will learn to use public transportation more often in order to live better .
we only need to get used to live without a car , and then we may even forget about it completely !!!
I disagree with the statement , `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
The first reason why I disagree with the statement is that I know young people who spend time in helping their communities .
In my university , there are activities that involve helping the community .
For example , there is a marathon coming up this month , and some of my classmates will help organize this event .
It involves interacting with the community , and it should be a great help for the community .

The second reason why I disagree with the statment is that young people do not have enough time to spend on their communities .
If they go to school or college , they have to spend time on their study , so even if they have the will to spend time helping their communities , they cannot do so because they just do not have the time .
I think that it is enough for young people to help when they can , and that it should not be something that they are forced to do .
I am busy most of the time studying , and it is hard for me to participate in events just because I do not have enough time .

A third reason why I disagree with this statement is because I do n't think there is enough information sent to young people about events that are happenening in their community .
If they do not have the information , they cannot help , even if they have the will to do so .
I know that if I look hard for information , I should be able to find ways in helping my community , but it is not easy to find this kind of information .

In conclusion , I think that young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities .
There are people who are actively involved in activities in their communities , and if they have the time and information , I think many people will be willing to help .
I think the most important thing to do is to inform young people about events happening in their communities .
I think that accusing young people for not helping is wrong , and that there is a need for an environment that makes young people want to participate in helping their communities .
Statements about the future are always extremely unpredictable .
But in this particular case i stongly support the idea that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use that there are today .

Twenty years from now there will definately be less cars than there are today , due to various reasons .
The main reason being that , even if there are cars , what will they run on ? !
Unless humans invent an effective way to run cars on something else other than petrolium , cars cannot survive .
Also , twenty years later the wolrd population will almost double !
So there would not be any space for more cars .
Literally !
The rapid use of effective public transportation has already begun as it curbs the inconveniences of traffic , parking etc .

The people of the world will realise that if there are too many cars , there also might be too much pollution , and the corruption of the environment is something we cannot risk even today , let alone twenty years later !
The awareness of the populus of the world will definately increase and by then everyone will realise that if each person who travels from place to place has his or her seperate means of transportation then the whole world would be one big traffic jam !

For example , today in downtown Manhattan , it does not make sence for one to have their own car because it is much easier just to walk to take a cab .
In my opinion , within the next decade the world will see the maximmum number of cars it has and then the decline will begin .
Cars in urban areas are already begining to cause a problem in many countries .
They create noise pollution , emmit harmful carbon monoxide gasses , and are very dangerous to pedestrians oweing to the tremendous traffic !

In conclusion , I would like to say that there will defniately be much fewer cars twenty years from now than there are today as it is inevitable .
Therefore i agree with the above statement .
Having knowledge in many subjects wouldnt help a student in many ways because of this a student cannot be perfect in a subject after he completes his academics .
This happens mainly because throughout his academics he has to write many exams on these subjects so his preparation would also be for the exam only rather than gaining knowledge in that particular subject .
For example , take the engineering studies the people who take up this course have to be perfect in their field that is either computers , civil , mechanical etc. but they finish their course without any knowledge and after that when they go for job interviews they began to feel the importance of a particular subject and start gaining knowledge of that subject .
So after reading the example , effectively one question comes to your mind what 's the use of doing engineering , studying a lot of subjects and be perfect in none .
It would be better to say , you can select subjects which are related to one another and start gaining knowledge from them , so that you can become a specialist in that particular subject .
By becoming a specialist in a particular area you could do wonders to that particular field in a small period of time .
So i disagree the statement mainly because of the following reasons , by reading many subjects a person might get a broad knowledge but he cannot implement that knowledge perfectly because of imperfection in those particular subjects .
But once a person chooses a field in which he is interested and specializes in it he would astutely know of what to do and the shouldnt 's in that particular field of specialization .
From this it can be said that , it would be better to do specialization in a particular field rather than many .
And to support this there is famous quote , `` Jack of all trades but , Master of none '' .
I believe those who think there will be fewer cars in the future are wrong for several reasons .

It is usually fancy to think that the world will change in radical ways in twenty years , and by radical I mean our great dependence on cars for transportation .
For that to happen we must be introduced to newer means of transportation that will be cheap and available and that should provide several advantages such as being faster and not having traffic problem .
The only innovation that might help reduce the number of cars is teleporation , that is transfer of matter from one place to another via light waves .
However , this is unlikely to take place and catch up in twenty years .

Another possible invention that might take up the place of cars might be small airplanes that use highways in the air , but since we will very probably still call these vehicles ` cars ' the total number will not decrease .
And as in my previous discussion , the price of these vehicles will be too exorbiant to make they good buys , at least for the average consumer .

The only argument that might favor a reduction in the number of cars is the impending scarcity of petroleum and the entailing increase in oil prices .
This argument cannot hold because scientists will have invented new energy sources that can replace today 's oil .

In fact there is one more possible reason for people 's finally giving up their cars and deciding to walk to their destinations .
People , especially those living in big cities , may say that they are fed up with traffic and regret the years they lose in traffic , and thus discontinue driving forever .

Come to think of it there is still another possible explanation for fewer car .
Maybe people will become very concious and conscientious creatures in the following twenty years and say that they have polluted the environment , stressed themselves out , and harmed their physical healths more than enough .
This way they will send their cars to junkyards for recycling and contribute to world economy .

Surely enough , each of these assumptions is beyond the reasonable limits of the mind .
Therefore , I can safely asume that in twenty years there will be more cars in our streets that there are today .
I would have to disagree with the statement thats says that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Although it depends on your age and interests , I would certainly prove next my opinion .

If we take for example , my hometown city , Buenos Aires you would be shown a different Buenos Aires then the one that we actually live in .
For example the tour guide would take you to the government palace , the obelisco , the widest street in the world ( 9 de julio ) , the typical restaurants , tango lessons , so on , and so on .
But the real deal is that we argentines do not usually go to these places , most of us dont even know how to dance tango .

People come to Argentina and believe its a real poor country and that the people that live in here are far away from the people who live in first world countries , but let me tell you that 's not even near the real deal .
I have friends from all over the world , and when they come to buenos aires they are stunned , amazed , they have the most incredible fantasies of what a third world country should look like , and are terrified with the news that come from our country , so when they get here they cant believe what a great quality of life we have going on .
In fact , I take them for a tour all around the city , the newest neighbourhoods , the best restaurants , the coolest night places , the most popular soccer matches or polo tournaments , the most shocking museum expositions , etc .
But most importantly , they get to meet through me a lot of different people who are actually part of the argentine culture , and who can in their own words explain whats going on in the political , social and cultural matters of our country .

In fact I believe it is the worst way to travel ( by group ) , dealing with a hugh bunch of tourist , and not getting any contact with people who actually live in the city .
I certainly believe that he best way to travel is with a friend who lives in that specific city .
If you do not know any , then I would certainly recommend two solutions .
The first one would be to travel in a very small group , and to take notes from internet web pages such as www.asmallworld.com which offers opinions from people who actually recommend the best places to go to , and rank them , and even explain the real situation of every country by their own citizens views , one can even talk to them and find out about almost everything there is to know about any city .

Secondly , and maybe the best option I can come up with is to use a taxi driver as a real tour guide .
In facts , they are the real tour guides in the cities , they know everywhere , and they are constantly in contact with people , and they even know almost about every subject there is to know about .
At least if you are in Buenos Aires , I can assure they are for certain the best tour guides in town .
I would not personally agree with the statement .
Life to me is a flowing river that is beautiful at every stage .
What ultimately matters is our perspective towards life , our priorities and values we hold most close to ourselves .

Ultimately I guess it all boils down to what we concieve or understand of the notion of ` enjoyment ' .
For a child playing could be enjoyment .
Something as small as building sand castles could !
As the child grows his demands and needs evolve with him and ultimately what he asks from life would determine his levels of happiness or enjoyment .
At adolesence the sparks of chemistry between the oppsite sexes could be exciting .
Later on , finding someone you love or someone who loves you maybe of most importance at a given phase of live .
At a latter stage one might want to marry and settle down or may choose not to do so as per ones our personal choice and whatever gives them satisfaction .
Even the birth of a child and every moment of bringing up that child could be a great deal of enjoyment !!
As you age your grandchildren could be the greatest source of enjoyment .
My belief in this theory has only been augmented from empirical evidence I bring right from home .
My parents are old yet happy and content .
They enjoy every moment and live every second of it to the fullest .

In brief I could summarise this theory in terms of a Utilitarian .
Life is extremely short so make use of it to the fullest - use it up to the optimum for as long as you live , your living your life no matter how old or how young you are .
Therefore enjoyment to me is a subjective term the interpretation of which shall differ from person to person and is not determined by the age .
I fully agree that people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , either because they think that they do not have the time or because they are money-oriented or because they think that they are not going to be able to make any drastic changes .
People in past , however , use to dedicate time , money and effort for community service .

Some fellow students think that they do not have time to join an NGO and to help in raising money for the poor , because they do not follow a schedule .
Their time is eaten up by studying or by lazing about and when they are asked to make a few contributions such as helping in raising money for the poor or organising a certain event , they would think that this is going to prevent them from getting good grades .

Some people are too money-oriented .
For them time is money .
So they do not want to waste their time by helping their communities .
I once tried to recruit a few people in order to teach some illeterate children , how to read and write .
The question I was asked was how much they were going to be paid and when they knew that it was for free the declined .
When I reminded them of Doria Shafeek , an eminent feminist who used to buy children presents out of her own money to make them attend her reading and writing classes , they just shrugged their shoulders .

Other people think that irrespective of the time and effort , they are going to put into helping their communities , they will not be able to effect any changes .
i can remember a girl who was asked to join a Red Cross training course and she was of the opinion that she was not skillful enough .
The woman responsible for recruiting people gave her a book on Florence Nightingale and how she started from scratch and what difference she made in the field of nursing and she talked to her about pampered women of society and princesses who used to pride themselves on how they learnt how to nurse casualties of war .
This really boosted the girl 's morale and made her join the course .

Poeple do not give enough time for their communities , either because they are too busy or they are ignorant to the benefits they are going to reap or the difference they are going to make .
I think there should be more conscience raising sessions to point out to people how important working for their community is
Everyday the people are exposed to a variety of information sets and details .
In my opinion the thing that matters is not the amount of the information and he facts about this information sets but the ideas and the concepts that are embedded within these information tests .
As a result I can say yhat I agree with the statement that '' it is important for students to understand the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn the facts .
There are supportive reasons why I think like that .

First reason why I agreee with the statement is the fact that there are huge numbers of facts and details in so many lectures .
For example , as an economic students in every macroeconomic course we see a lot of details about the policies that the countries follow to decrease inflation .
In these policies several countries are contrasted according to which type of policy it pursues .
In my point of view , here the crucial point must be the ideas and concepts that are related to the policies of various countries .
It does not make sense if the students are forced to learn the inflation rates in each country for a specific period of time .

Second reason is that when students are obliged to learn the facts and other unneccessary details there would exist some serious problems that are related to concentration of the students in learning the topics .
For instance in my history class , our lecturer had forced us to learn all the dates for the wars that our nation had .
As this was the situation , I simply concentrated on the specific dates and did not even focus on the ideas and concepts of the wars .
That is to say , I just learned the dates but could not get any idea about the causes and consequences of the war , which are more crucial aspect than the dates .
As a result I passed the course without knowing the basic ideas and concepts .

In conclusion , the students should be encouraged to understand the ideas and the concepts rather than the facts .
By doing so , students can learn more efficiently and they can be aware of more concepts .
Moreover , when the students are exempted from learning the facts and unneccessary details , they will surely focus and concentrate on the topics that they are handling .
Thus a well developed generation may be created by pursuing such kind of a policy .
I strongly believe that that the students must understand ideas and concepts about a partricular topic and subject rather than just learn facts without understanding anything .
It is most important for the student to first understand the contents of the subject because one cannot know about the topic of the subject without understanding anything about the ideas and concepts of the subject .
Just craming about anything is a wishful thing without understanding the subject .
For example I a student of Chemistry , in Chemistry there are various types of complicated and difficult theories , laws and reactions .
If i cannot understand the basic concept of the reaction how can I learn it and though Chemical reactions are so much tough , and complicated no one can learn it and write in the examination without understanding the basic concept about the chemical reactions that is how it happens ? , how the reaction proceeds ?
and What are the products formed after the completion of Chemical reaction .
For example take the process of formation of rust in Iron , no student can learn its facts without understanding the basic concent of rusting of iron and I am sure that no student can learn its chemical reaction without understanding what are the compound involved in the rusting of iron and what is the formulae of the reactants and products formed in the process of rusting of iron If the student does n't know names of the reactants and products in the rusting of iron then how can he or she knoes the formulae and the most important thing in knowing the formulae is to first know the symbols of the elements involved in the compounds of rectants and products .
The reactants involved in the rusting of iron are ferric oxide , oxygen , water in the form of moisture and they all combine to form ferrisoferric oxide known as rust .
so for this to learn and write in the examination the student first has to understand the proceess and conditions involved in the rusting of iron and the student must know the symbols of the elements involved and then only the student can write the formulea of all the reactants and products involved in the rusting of iron .
In this way the student can explain the process of rusting of iron and write it properly in the exam by understanding the basic ideas and concepts involved in this particular process of risting of iron .

In the same way the student can write the chemical reaction of the process of photosynthesis by understanding that it invoves oxygen and carbondioxide to form carbohydrate Thus all branches of science can only be studied by understanding ideasn and concepts
I agree with the opinion of those who believe that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I do not think , however , that young people are the only ones that have to be blamed for this behaviour .
As a matter of fact , our society , the media , and even politicians continously trasmit hedonistic and selfish messages , encouraging people to care about money more than about other people , to be competitive and succesfull without thinking about the others .

The result of such messages is , then , that young people consider themselves as individuals rather than as parts of a community and that everyone has lost the sense of the community : we basically consider the others as strangers and as a potential danger .

In a context in which we do not talk to and even to do not know our neighbours it is then normal that young people think that helping their communities is only wasted time .
Before helping a community , they should , in fact , understand what a community is .

For this reason it is common to observe that helping a community is much more frequent in little villages than in big cities .
Little villages still mantain a `` social '' life-style .
In little villages , in fact , people still talk to each other and take care of the others .
The result of this approach to life is that all people are proud of their community and ready to spend their time to help the others .

In big cities , on the contrary , we have adopted an `` individual '' life-style that destroys the sense of the community .
It would be then very strange if young people wanted to give time to their communities in a context where communities do not exist .
I think that at high school a student should study as many subjects as possible ; it is very important for a student to have a broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects because , following this way , a student can have a global wiev of a lot of real topics , he can study different subjects and then decide what he likes , what is the best or the most interesting subject for him .
At university , a person who have studied a lot of subjects sholud be more motivate in what is learning because he is learning what he really loves .
I think that after high school it is better to specialized in one specific subject also because nowadays it is very difficult to find a job and the `` world of work '' is bacoming more competitive and it needs specialized employees .
For example I am going to apply for a Finance Degree on my Graduate Program and then I would like to work as an analyst in a famous bank .
I am sure that my bachelor degree in Business Administration ( Undergraduate Program ) is not enough for my future job bacause at the moment I am not specialized in anything and I cannot apply for an analyst position in a bank because surely there are a lot of people more specialized in Finance than me ; my Bachelor degree in Business Administration does n't provide me a specifc knowledge about the financial world .
This example is about an undergraduate university program and a graduate program , because this is my own experience , but we can use this way also , like I have mentionated at the begininng , for a student that , after high school , wants to apply for university .

If you study on a Phd program you have the possibility to become more specialized , but you should follow this way only , for example , if you want to become a scientist .

Finally , I am sure that it is important for a student 's education to study a lot of subjects and then , after theree , four , five years , decide a specialization in one specific subject .
Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The youth is preferring personal life style instead of common one .
They thinking more of themselves than the community that they are the part of .

One sign of this is coming in the representation of their nation or country .
A few decades ago it was easy to tell someone 's nation by observing his attitudes , clothes , and behaviors .
But today it is impossible to do .
Especially young people care their own appearance despite their customs .
They are not conveying the culture to the future Now you can see a global wearing style .

Another sign is they are getting more rude .
I will explain this with an example .
When I was 16 years old I was taking city transportation buses to go to school .
The buses were usually crowded that more than half of the pessengers had travel by standing up in the buses .
For the young people like me , it was impossible to take a seat in the bus while older people or ladies were standing up .
We were always giving our seats to the older people , no matter how old they were .
But today young people never cares about the others , even they do n't care sick or handicapped people .
They keep their seats and enjoy it .
So sharing the seat is a way of helping the community for me .

If someone wants to help his or her community he or she has to think about the economical aspect also .
the people of the community should prefer buying domestic or national stuff to help the economy .
But I do n't see this in the youth of the day .
They are just crazy about the brands and they usually buy foreigner goods to make show .

There are many other ways to help the community that the young peaople can choose but today they really even do n't think about it .
Finally without venturing too much into the field of speculation we may conjecture that today 's youth is not giving enough time and energy to helping their community .
The mass production of cars started in the past century and has n't stopped ever since , causing a great deal of problems in terms of environmental and social issues .
These problems were almost immediately discussed since the early times of the car industry adfirmation .

The Fordian assembly line model has been depicted by Charlie Chaplin in his notorious movie `` Modern Times '' , and many American pop artists started giving a representation of the American love for cars , thing that has been determined mainly by a social transformation occurred since the Fifties : middle class people started moving to the suburbs and needed a car to be connected to the city , where their jobs were usually located , and often also their kids ' schools as well .

Nowadays this kind of sociological and geographical transformation may be witnessed in many different parts of the world .
Urban sprawl and the presence of strip malls are common in many parts of Italy , Germany , France and many other European and Asian countries as well as in the United States .
At the same time Civic Authorities are not always able to address transportation problems , with the result that most of the people in rich and developing countries end up considering their cars the principal and favourite of all means of transportation .
In big cities and suburbs the top users of public transportation are always recent immigrants that do n't own a car yet , and young students .
If there 's something that would be able to invert this trend and motivate more people to use their car less , that is the fuel cost that 's getting higher and higher every year .

But in my opinion even this would rather lead to a transformation in the kind of fuel used in the future , hopefully sustainable and recyclable , than to a reduction of car users in the world .
I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Being young and full of life is the main reason .
Young people can also learn and adapt to the technological improvements very quickly .

To begin with being young , obviously most of the young people are much more healthier that older people .
Moreoever , they are also more energetic than older people .
Therefore , young people have a willingness to enjoy the life .
They can travel and see different places and meet new friends easily .
You can go to movies , play sport games and talk about the dreams about the future .
All these activities let young people to enjoy life more than the older people .
By being young , young people are hopeful about the future and they do not worry about the bad things that might happen due to the aging or loss of health .
Having these ideas in mind will create a positive enviroment and young people can easily enjoy life more than older people .

In addition to being young , young people can learn and adapt to the technological improvements very easily .
For example , in the last ten years , our society meet the computer and the cell phone .
However older people can not use these devices and more importantly it is very difficult for them to learn how to use these devices .
These devices are so helpful that you can reach information that you liked the most all around the world .
You can communicate , chat with your friends and you do not have to worry about being lonely .
By this way you enjoy life more that the older people do .
Because they have a limitted ways of communication , and being lonely will prevent them to enjoy the life .
Moreover , the technological improvements will increase the quality of life that young people have and living a high quality life will definitely let the young people to enjoy life more .

In summary , young people enjoy life more than older people .
Being young and feeling healthier is the most important factor .
Moreover , being able to learn new technologies and using these technological devices will improve the quality of life .
Therefore young people will enjoy life more than older people do .
When opening a magazine , the first page you will see is the advertisement .
And you keep reading the magazine , it is not difficult to more advertisement .
Some of these are very attractive , so you will buy the product finally because of the beautiful advertisement .
Is this product as good as the advertisement you see ?

Most media have advertisements to sell the products .
Generally , the capital of a product may be quite cheap .
However , when this product sell on the market , it becomes pretty expensive because of the expense of advertisements .
These money is not run into making product , and each of the capital is limited .
Therefore , people always pay more than the real value of the product since they are paying the advertisement 's fee .
Think about it , are these products which are advertised on the media are better than they really are ?

Most companies would use a lot of money to decorate their products and advertising becasue they want to catch the buyers ' attention .
That is why nowadays the products we see in advertisements are better than the real one .
Everyone loves things with nice apperance and the companies use this physology to earn people 's money .
People always buy things on impulse because they see the goods are neatly and cute on the advertisements .
After having brought these goods , they may realize that they make a wrong decision to buy such things .

We should be careful to the advertisements because we may fall into their trick anytime .
And we should be a critical thinker when we want to buy anything .
We should think the reasons why we buy these things deeply .
I can share my own experience .
Everytime I would list all the things I need in my notebook .
Therefore , I will not buy any wrong th
We are dealing with the issue of whether it is more important for the students to learn facts or is it more relevant to understand the ideas and concepts behind them .
The issue is important because it is very essential to keep this requirement in mind when teaching the students .
I personally feel that learning concepts and ideas is definitely more required than memorizing the facts .

The first reason i would like to present for this belief is that facts can be obtained from a various variety of resources like books , internet or any other knowledge center whereas the ideas and concepts are not that simple to obtain .
They require considerable effort and time both to teach and assimilate and they are compulsory for the better understanding of a topic .
They are much difficult to unlearn for a long period of time and hence are more useful and play a much important role in every person 's life .

Secondly , the students need to be provided with practical knowledge on how to survive in the world after they cross a certain age limit and they do not have their parents ' support and constant guidance .
They will have to fend for themeslves for which they will need logic and concepts more than facts .
Therefore , these should be provided without fail to all students .

Finally , if the students are provided with more number of facts then they are prone to forget them easily as they shall not be able to apply them to real-world situations .
The concepts provided to them will have numerous examples that can be cited and hence this form of education is likely to be retained by them for longer periods of timeor most probably will last them an entire lifetime .

To conlude and summarize , i feel that providing a student with education based on logical reasoning and facts is benificial than just helping them to learn facts as this will make them independent and will help them in every aspect of their life and will be with them for their entire period of their life unlike facts .
I agree to the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do and support the following belief of mine with the following views .

Firstly , being young means full of energy and the biggest advantage is physiological .
A young person is fit and healthy both .
This makes him to be open to new things , he experiments , innovates and takes risks which brings achievement and sense of accomplishment .
The high amount of adreanaline helps him to work hard and enjoy harder .

Secondly , at younger age you have less resposibilities .
You dont have children to bother about , you need not to worry about your pensions , provident funds and all that , all you bothered about is the present .
You have a long way to go and suspense about the future keeps you on front foot .

Thirdly , at younger age you are on the verge to build new relations , you love rain , you love dancing in it , you experince the first touch and get to introduce yourself to a new sensation called love , it makes your world colourful , you wait for night to pass on and wait for dusk to get a gilmpse of someone you love .
You marry and enjoy the life with your partner , you became social , you became caring and bothered about another person .
All this makes life more colourful .

And when time passes by and you notice physiological changes within making you weak , you start worrying about a lot of thing to do before you say goodbye .
You fear the ultimate truth ie death approachinhg towards you with a lot of thing which are still pending .
You feel either you are running out of time or you have nothing to do and just wait for the judgement day .
You are worried about your children and their future .

Thus , at some time at the later stage you feel that life was very joyful when you were young therefore i think that young people enjoy life more that old people do .
First of all I do n't agree with this argument because think there will be more people on this planet and people need transportation .
But what I do believe is that there will be fewer car that need petrol for their motor .

I think that we will run out of oil sooner or later because there is limited oil on the earth and at the moment we are wasting the oil we still have .
This will be the main reason why there will have to be other motors in cars .

Another argument why the use of oil is going to decrease is that people start to realise what impact all the pollution of the air has on our planet .
The pollution results manly from burning oil and a lot of oil is burnt in motors of cars .
The pollution of the air causes climate changes and natural catastrophies that allready effect people im an amount that makes them change their thinking towards a more environmental thinking .

The car industry is one of the most powerfull industries in our world and they wo n't just give up their position .
Therfore there is allready a lot of research beeing done to find alternatives to oil as the energy source for motors of cars .
Alternatives would be motors that run with hydrogen or motors powered by batteries that can be recharched .
These alternative are not competitive yet but as soon as we run out of oil a lot of progress will be maid in new technologies .

So in twenty years there will be more cars in use than today because people at least in the first world can afford to by cars and people need cars as a means of transport .
But mayby there will be many cars that do n't need petrol any more .
Our scientists find out new things every day and mayby not to far from now we will all be flying around in our cars and we will use clean energy to pwer them .
This may be true in the past , but not present .
Today older people enjoy life more than young people do in China .
Why ?
It because that people 's point of views have changed a lot and young people generally have a lot to do .

As competition for the chances of getting higher is more and more intense , young people have to study hard and spend most of their time on campus .
Take my nephew as an illustration .
He is a high school student and will graduate next year .
How long does he study every day ?
You may not believe in it , but it is true that he spends 16 hours per day studying .
With such a heavy course load , do you think he could enjoy life ?
Is this case an individual ?
Of course not !
My nephew told me that all his classmates studied in that way when I asked him that why he studied so hard .
What about young people who have graduated from college ?
They are no exceptions !
They have to work hard to go to graduate school or find a job .
Neither would give them a break .
Today , it is quite common for young people even not to have time to go steady .
For most of young people , they surely do not have time to enjoy On the contrast , older people have a lot of time to enjoy life since they have retired from work .
As their sons or daughters have married , they are free from duty now .
They could travel around China or even around the world .
They spend time watching and experiencing new things .
Also , they can play games and watch films .
What is more , they even can do everything ( Of course , legal things ) , as long as they want to do so , since they have time .
Every morning , I can see a lot of old people enjoying activities when I pass by a park .

The changing of People 's views toward old people also contributes to the fact that old people can enjoy life more than young ones .
Once old people are gerally not permitted to marry , but they can marry if they want now .

From what I have discussed above , we may easily see that intead of enjoying life less than young people , old people genarally could enjoy life more than young ones .
Many people in my country believe that learning facts for the students are more important than understanding ideas and concepts because when they students learn a lot of facts , it seems that they look intelligent and in general they get good grades on their test in school .
However , I do not agree with this idea becaue when it comes to learnig , understanding ideas and concepts allows us to use them outside classrooms in a real society .
Besides , they enable us to explain and develop the reason and the way of the facts .

First of all , when we understand ideas and concepts , we can use these ideas when we leave our schools .
In other words , we can adapt them when we work and when we do some research .
For example , if in Englsih classroom you just memorize some grammar to take a test , you easily forget what you learned and memorized after taking the test .
In the contrary , if you understand why and how this grammar is right or not , you will not forget this theory even after taking the test .
Moreover , when you speak and write English , you can utilize the theory you have learned .
Therefore , understanding is more usfule for the more study and the other area .

Secondly , understanding ideas and conceps allow us to explain and develop an other concept in the future .
In other words , it devotes the development of subjects through doing the researches based on the concepts and theories that people have learned .
For instance , when a graduate student wants to do some researches in math , the student has to understand the concepts and ideas of math .
And then , he start to do some researches to develop the concepts or ideas that he want to prove .
Moreover , he can discover a new theory which is useful in the world .
This is thanks to the accumulation of understanding ideas and concepts on his math area .

In conclusion , undersatnding ideas nad concepts in some areas is much more important than leraning facts becasue it is helpful to use and develop it outside classroom since it helps people to be creative .
In an age of mass production and consumption , manufacturers engage in a harsh competition to survive .
The consumer wants to know that he is getting the most out of his investment and may rely on advertisements to decide which product would be the wisest purchase .
It is then no surprise that when companies advertise their products , they focus on its benefits - perhaps exaggerating them - and rarely disclose its shortcomings .

Advertisements of beauty products are a good example of this type of embellishment .
The consumer wants a mascara that will lenghten , define , and thicken her eyelashes without making them appear clumped together .
All cosmetic companies know this and , year after year , advertise a new mascara designed to do all this .
Dramatic pictures shown on television or printed in magazines display its unique ability to thicken thicken , but never mention that this same technology also leads to a clumping or , worse , shedding of eyelashes .
If the companies mentioned these side-effects , who would buy this revolutionary mascara ?
This scheme seems to be working , since the new formulas keep entering the market every year , and women are still buying them !

Diet pills are also advertised as being much more effective and safer than truly are .
The typical advertisement shows pictures of ( pretended ) consumers before and after using the miraculous product .
Of course , the `` after '' pictures are always taken in a more flattering light , with the happy customer wearing better-fitting clothes and often sporting a tan .
They are also digitally enhanced , to the point that one may come to doubt whether these people have even lost any weight or used the diet pills .
In any case , the pictured consumers appear thinner , healthier , and happier .
But do diet pills really bring about such formidable changes ?
Advertisers conveniently omit the need to balance diet and exercise in order to maintain a healthy weight and the customer is more than happy to purchase an easy solution .
Just the same , the makers of these diet pills typically mention the possible side-effects in small print , while the numerous advantages of their products are spelled out in bright , bold letters .
Finally , even if these diet pills are effective , the customer hoping to gain a better self-esteem and happiness may be very disappointed .
After all this person has not changed his or her definition of personal worth along with a new , shapelier waist .

In conclusion , manufacturers must resort to somewhat dishonest practices in order to sell their products .
However , I do n't believe this is done specifically to dupe the consumer , but simply as a matter of economic necessity .
It remains the consumer 's duty to understand this and to develop a more realistic understanding of what a product can and cannot do in order to critically examine an advertiser 's claims
I think that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two reasons for my opinion : the pupose of the advertisements is to sell the products , and the audiences do not see directly the products on their eyes .

First , the purpose of the advertisements makes the goods seem much better .
The advertisement company should present the goods to sell , not to show the virtue and vice of the goods .
When people see the advertisement , the goods seem perfect and make people the happiest person in the world .
When I was a middle school students , I really wanted to buy a new computer ; I actually did not have good knowledge of the computer .
When I watched a fabulous advertisement of a computer , I pursuaded my parents to buy the computer on the advertisement .
Finally , my parents accepted my seggestion and bought me that computer .
However , I found out my new computer used not genuin programs on the computer .
I pursuaded my parents with the computer because the computer had everything looks best even though it was very cheap .
I was very disappointed about the advertisements which described their products as the best at that time .

Second , the audiences does not see directly see the products on their eyes .
People say that the goods on the picture or the TV look different when they see it directly .
My sister had a similar situation recently .
She bought a bag on the website which looked fine .
However , she did not even recognize the bag because the color of the bag was different from the picture on the website .
It was not the seller 's fault but the camera 's fault .
I read an article related to these happening ; Seeing an object on the picture and seeing the object on the naked eye are different because the camera lens produce the photo with mixing red , yellow and blue which cause distortion of colors .
Moreover , the advertisement companies devise the best angle of imposing lights on the product that the product looks better .
This problem means that people should not precisly judge a product only according to the image presented on the picture or the TV .

Depends on my experiences and scientific knowledges , it is clear that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I hope that the advertisement companies try to show the virtue and the vice of their products rather than only show and exaggerate the quality of the products .
Moreover , I wish that scientists invent more accurate way of taking picture or recording that the audiences can face the goods more accurately .
I agree with the statement : the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
A person does not have to worry about getting lost or hurting his brain planning where he should go , a person can learn a lot of things by having the tour guides explain , and the travel will be much safer .

First of all , a person does not have to worry about getting lost or hurting his brain planning where he should go .
The tour guides are professionals .
They earn money from guiding tourists .
Of course , they know the land better than the tourists .
There is no need to worry about getting lost or going to the wrong place .
Also , a person does not have to think about where he should go each day .
The tour guides know where the best places are for people to go in the amount of time they have .
Fun is guranteed .

Second of all , the tour guides can give a person an excellent explanations and some tips that he should know .
It is always fun to know mini trivias .
For example , when my family and I went to Cancun , we visited a famous historical landscape in a tour .
Our tour guide made our trip much more exciting by adding trivias and funny stories behind the history .
Usually , I do not really like learning about history , but I really liked what I have experienced .
I also learned a lot from it .
By just looking at the buidings , I would not have learned much information , just only the basic facts .
Yet , by having a tour guide explain things , I could understand better and was more interesting .

Finally , the trip would be much safer when someone is going on a trip in a group .
People might try to steal money or trick that person if he was alone .
He might not even notice it .
However , if a person is in a group , someone in the group is likely to notice that people are trying to trick the person .
It is harder to trick twenty people rather than just tricking one person .
Thus , it is safer .

To conclude , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
A person does not have to worry about getting lost or hurting his brain planning where he should go , a person can learn a lot of things by having the tour guides explain , and the travel will be much safer .
I think that there is no real decrease in the amount of time that young people are dedicating to help their comunities nowadays compared to what was usual in the past .

As far as I am regarded , what really has changed is the way people , and youngsters as well , contribute to the life of their communities .
Until less than one century ago the family was the center of the comunity and most of the social needs where covered trough the help of the family members .
For example , if we think about the care of elderly people , it was almost entirely carried out by family members , thereby reducing the need for help from the surrounding community .
Of course this required all the family member , also young people , to take an active role in the family life .

Nowadays is not the same anymore and in order to have the same `` services '' is required an higher involvement of the community , since the family , having changed so much , is no more able to take care of the same functions and require support from outside .

This means that there is a greater need for volunteering inside the communities but at the same time pepole should be able to dedicate more time to the community , as they are required to do less within the family .

The same is true for young people , who are in fact active in a lot of fields .
I myself was for several years a volunteer for an hiking club , and devoted most of my sundays from spring to fall to lead groups of kids to the mountains to discover nature .
Some of my friends have been involved in care of elderly people and some other are volounteering for the red cross .

Of course those occupations are not taking all of the available spare time of young people , there is always the chance to do a little bit more , and there are some who are not contributing at all , but I think that there is no real ground to say that young people in general are not helping enough .
Most of them are doing their best to help out .
Broad knowledge and specifi knowledge are both interesting to have , and I could not say that one is definitely better than the other , actually I rather think that it is good to possess these both forms of knowledge .

A broad academic knowledge is useful at school , and for your studies , since it allows you to start studying any specific subject without having to learn the bases .
This type of general knowledge is also useful in everyday life , when you talk to people : you can cover a wide range of topics , have an interesting conversation with many different people , and make many friends .
Another thing which goes with talking to many people and knowing the bases of a wide range of topics is that it opens your mind , and helps you understand how things work , which in turn helps you reasonning more efficiently .
All of that is very useful in everyday life as well as if you wish to become sharper in a particuliar topic you study .

But once you have become very good in a specific topic , only then can you achieve a successful professional career .
Some believe that we all have a talent to develop ( like in the Bible : `` What have you done of your talent ? '' ) , and most people try to fulfil their ambitions by getting very good in one particular thing .
Although a lack of general knowledge might not help you evolve a lot in your social life , a specific knowledge can assure you a job , and if you like what you do it will not be hard to improve yourself until you are very good at it .

In conclusion , I think that an alliance fo both knowledges is the best choice , even though it may be hard to achieve because it takes time and money as well as manual and intellectual skill .
Still if I really had to choose I would go for the general knowledge , because nowadays you can easily find extension of this knowledge for free , on the Internet for instance , and if you have an open mind and a social life it should not be too hard to get some more specialised friend of yours to help you with particular issues .
If we look at the past evolution of the number of cars in use on the planet , we easily realise that developmemt of cars is strictly linked to the economic global developmemt .
That is why , it would be logical and easily understandable that the number of cars in use will keep on raising these next twenty years , since it seems obvious that the world economic developmemt will continue .

Indead , more and more countries will be developed and , inside these countries and the ones whose economy is allready well developed , more and more people will be able to afford cars .
Basically , the economic developmemt , which is the natural trend of every country , lead to an increase of living standard and purchasing power among population .
Basically , in twenty years , more people will be able to buy cars .
Moreover , the economic developmemt increases the need in transportation , because it brings local economy on a larger and more global scale , as the globalization movement shows .
The more a country is developing , the more its population and its economy need tranportation means , such as cars .

But , many concerns about cars are today expressed .
Can we keep on ignoring them , letting numbers of cars increasing withe economic developmemt ?

Cars are indead in the middle of several present debates .
Pollution is today a significant concern , as well as declining of oil reserves .
It seems that people become more and more aware that they can not continue buying and using cars as they do .
There is already a trend in reducing number of cars in use , illustrated by the common use of car , for instance , for people who want to go in the same place .
Furthermore , some governments try to encourage people to use other transportation means as airplane or train , which pollute less , by reducing the price of these tickets .

But there is also an other reason for asserting that the number of cars in use will decrease these next 20 years : the econmy is more and more immaterial , as the developmemt of the Internet proves .
We wo n't use cars as much as today since we wont't need anymore to move for some actions or activities .
So if the population will less need cars , their number per family for example will probably declining .

To sum up , I am convinced that the number of cars in use will decreasing , because we will have to adapt to new comstraints and also to a new life style .
It seems on the first blush that older people donot have got much work to do , so they might enjoy their lives .
However when one mulIs over the issue with a brainstorming , it is the younger ones who take leisure the most .
Hence I more or less agree with the statement that ` The young people enjoy life more than the older people do ' , by putting following examples .

This is the twenty-first century .
What allures almost each and everyone of us about this is the ` rapid advancement in globalization ' .
The world , day-by-day , is becoming a shorter place to live in .
It does possess all the amenities which are needed for a luxurious life .
Now , who doesnt want to visit incredible continents like - Africa , Antarctica , America , asia etc . ?
Well , I surmise almost everyone of us .
But mostly it is the younger generation who enjoy .

The younger generations do have a spunk and an energy within themselves which have made it possible for the world to shrink in the sphere of tchnological advancements .
With the aid of technology , the youngers exploit good reasons for having fun and enthusiasm .

The wild parties on the exotic beaches of Hawaii , itinerary for majestic and adventuruos wild sanctuaries of Africa and Asia , and many more are done and planned by the current generation .

Older people , on the other hand , live their lives in a solitary by enjoying in their ways , as they become physically shattered due to the old age .
However , the younger generation , often called the ` M tv Generation ' - believes in a sole entertainment along with the advancements .
For example , we often see younger people enjoy the safaries in Serrengitti ( Africa ) , as they have a privilege of exploring more and more as they are young .
Moreover , the amazing stunts of sky-divers and hearthrobbing experiences of the underwater-divers are most prevalent amongst the novices and the young ones .

It is , once in a blue moon , that an older guy attains some accolade and is praised .
To the contrary , the young persons of the society receive kudos often frequently .
This clearly explains that the young people enjoy in a much better way .

However , I believe that the young ones should not be sybarites , that is , there should never be a feeling of hedonism amongst them .
As they have a privilege of enjoyng the grand and august life of this contemporary era , they should exploit it in a healthy manner , rather than milking out the pleasures of the other older people , who ones were young and naive .
It should be the blend of the older people 's experience and the vigor within the youngs which can lead to the prosperity of the world .
Age will give the man the experience and the wisdom but , unfortunately , take the sense of enjoyment .
I , personally , believe that young people enjoy life more than older people life .

Some people believe that old people should have the tendency to enjoy and appreciate life more than young ones .
This is because old peolpe have wider experience and they saw in the life more interesting things and harmless as well .
I totally dispute this idea and I believe that the younger the man is that more enjoyable the life will be for him although I do not deny that elderly people can live enduring happiness and welfare .
However , this happiness cannot be compared to what teenagers .
There are several reasons for my opinion and I would like to put them in the following way .

First , young people tends to find virtually every thing new and exciting but old people do not feel that excitement .
I remember in one product overview in my company , we were five : three can be considered young and the two others as old .
The presenter showed a marvlas feature in the product that amazes us ( the three young participants ) .
However , the presenter did not notice that excitement on the old employees and when asked they replied `` Yeh , It is a good feature but we knew similar things did not work on the company in the past '' .

This previous example will also illustrate my second point that old people tend to think too much about consequences .
They tend to do this systematically and programmatically .
I saw many people who seems to lack the energy and motives .
Probably , advancement in age and health problems gave thim some of this discouragement .
On the contrary , young people try to live on the principle `` do not cross the bridge till you come to it '' .
I mean they do not think about the problems till these problems take place .
There feelings are spontaneous and natural without the complexity of intensive thinking .
This makes the life always interesting for them .

In conclusion , from the above points , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Specialization versus generalized knowledge

The question of specializing in one particular topic or becoming a all-rounder with a broad knowledge confronts every student in his beginning of academic career .

It is difficult to give a clear-cut answer and again the buzzword `` everything depends on the context '' seems to apply here .
There are certain professions which are dealt better with specilization in a very particular topic rather than having general knowledge .
Someone who would like to become a dentist does not need to distract himself in other `` superfluous '' topics .

On the other hand , the world is becoming more complext and many cross-cutting issues can be only covered by a broad range of knowledge .
Just to give an example : the question of legal property of genetically modified genes is something that can not be answered soley from a biological point of view .
It requires a more holistic approach by including ethics , law , politics or environmental science .

Personnally I could benefit from a large scope of academic topics ranging from economics , history to sociology and law .
All these courses helped me become a `` Swiss armyknife '' enabling me to understand and deal with various issues in professional life .

This question of specialization versus generalized knowledge is a personal choice and my personnal positive experience with the latter does not necessarily apply to others .
Let us also bear in mind that this question does not stop at the academic level but also continue in professional life .
If one has specialized himself in one academic topic it is never too late to broaden himself up in the professional world and vice versa .
I do not agree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject ''

While having a knowledge of many disciplines may increase a person 's know how a great deal , it does not make him an expert in any of these fields .
One might spend so much time learning and yet be able to acquire limited information in each of the subjects that he studied .
For example , if I study Zoology during my graduation , and then go for a double major in International Business and Geology .
I would know a little about each subject but not enough for me to become an expert .
I would be confused in selecting a subject for further study as I would wonder if I know more about International business or about Geology .
The proverb `` Jack of all trades but master of none '' summarises this situation very aptly .

On the other hand devoting all of one 's time to studying one subject will give a person enough knowledge to make him an expert .
One will thus understand the subject better and be in a better position to apply his knowledge practically .
Giving a similar example , if I choose Zoology during both my graduation and post graduation , I will have learnt more about the subject as well its various branches like fisheries and ethology that may not be not covered in the graduate course .
After knowing so much I can do a PhD in the same field and that might give me a chance in the future to become a subject expert in the form of either a research scholar or lecturer whose opinion is held highly and who knows a great deal about his subject .

Therefore , I prefer studying one discipline in order for me to have more knowledge and insight into my subect of choice , better opportunities for further study such as PhD and eventually better career options .
After all , an institution would prefer an expert to be a part of their team rather than someone who knew a little bit .
I disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There can be many examples .
At university where I attended there was student club which helps the communities , especially the farmers or poor local people .
And the history of the club can be dated back to 100 years and there is still young people who join the club nowadays .
Also there is no sign of the declining member of the club .

And there is newly developing movement that helps people , like Habitat , which is building house for the poor people .
This kind of activity did not exist at several years ago .
But now it is popular form of the extra-curicular activity between young people .

Some people worried that the strong competition among young people for college admission , which is very important in Korea , can lead to the less time for their community .
To deal with that issue , new educational system now assigns specific amount of student 's time for the activity helping the community .
And there is point associated with this activity , which can be advantage for the college admissions .
This kind of newly developed educational system shows that young people , even those who are considered most busy , can give more of their time to helping their communities .

However there can be change in the form of helping over time .
And some form of the activity can be seen as a no helping activity in the eyes of old people .
Nowadays the young people can help their community using the newly developed technology like internet .
For example there is web site where people with trouble can go and write about their problem and the young people who want to help them can give them specific advice .
Though these kind of activity is new and unfamiliar , it can be also considered helping their community .

In summary , in Korea , historically , young people , especially those who are college students , are known for their strong interest in their communities .
Though the specific activities can change overtime , there is no specific evidence that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
And there is lots of newly developed activity helping community .
That can lead to the conclustion that young people nowadays also give enough time to helping their communities .
Altough a case could be made by affirming that young people enjoy life more than older people do , important stress converges on them and many life decisions could n't be denied .
Many articles have appeared in the popular press citing the activities of young people to be unlimited and various .
College years and the first job are currently related to a period when people are young , healthy and physically strong .
But it is also a time where stress and decisions are very important .
Stress converges on them from many directions .
First , they have to choose a major field of study when they are at colleges and ultimately to select a career , choices that will affect the rest of their lives .
In addition , these choices often coincide with another lfe choice : the selection of a marriage partner .
So young people are confronted to many unconfortable situations that older people have already done .
All of this can affect their behavior and even their enjoyment of life .
We cannot deny that we ca n't predict anything and some young people can be dissappointed of it .

In the contrast , older people do n't need to worry about it because they have already pass through this situation .
For the time being , they prefer to maintain a quiet environment to relax .
It is true that older people suffer to be alone and cannot practise some activities because of their age and their need of care .
In some situation , they will adopt a pet in order to provide companionship .
Many articles cites the beneficts of pets in the improvement of life expectancy .
So older people can enjoy life by spending their spare time with their pets or with family members when they are visiting them and even when the family is gathered for celebrations .
Moreover , thanks to their large spare time , they can discover new activities or hobbies which they can share with other people .

I disagree the statement because older people can continue to take advantage of life .
As a college student , I am conscious that stress and decisions can affect our view of today 's society and I consider this opportunity to prepare for the next and I lok forward with the hope that the best is yet to be .
Every person is given a meaning to his existence because of the community he lives in and henice its his moral responsibility to show gratitude towards the comunity he is a part of .
He needs to help his fellow community members in whatever the extent he can .
Young people nowadays may not be as responsible as the youth of the previous generation in certain factors .
But this cannot be attributed to their work towards community .
Youth are as dedicated towards the development of community as the youth once were .
I would strongly disprove the statement that young people are not giving enough time towards helping their communities .

We can find lot of young girls and boys volunteering during weekends at various temples , churches and mosques .
During festivals/celebrations , we find lot of community events organised .
The interesting factor in these is , young people are the organisers of these events .
They involve in the pooling of the funds , gathering the necessary equipment and hold on till the smooth transition of events is complete .
They are present everywhere .
They are not doing these for some petty monetary allowance .
Its being done as a token of respect for the community they live in and the people part of it .
When all these are happening right in front of our eyes , how can we state that they are showing a deaf ear to their community .
These are few examples of the services exhibited by the young people towards the upliftment of their community .

Though not in a direct form , we can find young people working in various companies and colleges doing social service on few particular days commemorating some important occasion .
Also , most of the young people after passing out from their college and joining some industry/company , do come back to college occassionally .
They help their junior students by taking some guidance classes , clear their doubts about the job culture and industrial environment .
They even help their alma mater by donating funds as a responsible alumnus and are supporting the community they are part of .

We also find many young people participating in the preservation of environment campaigns .
They are raising their voice with the help of associations like `` Save Earth '' , `` Green peace foundation '' etc .
Most of the members in these organisations are people aged under 30 .
They are preaching for a better Earth and thus are striving to help the community they live in .

In short , I would strongly disagree with the given statement and reinforce that youth 's commitment towards the community has not changed over generations .
While some may argue that learning facts may be the best way to impart education among students , I do not believe so .
Learning core concepts and understanding ideas are important for a holistic learning experience .
In the following text I present my reasons for this belief and my contention that learning and understanding of ideas and concepts is in fact better than solely learning facts .

Firstly , learning ideas and concepts helps in clearer and a more thorough understanding of a topic .
Stating facts in addition to this would serve as an example that makes it even clearer .
A thorough understanding of a topic helps in engendering a scientific mindset that encourages inquisitiveness and a pursuit to learn even more .

Secondly , facts are useless without knowledge .
Facts might help in the development of a student 's memory , but they in no way impart true knowledge .
Facts are information , while knowledge is what needs to be imparted to the students .

Thirdly , ideas and concepts are the core fundamentals without which learning would be an incomplete experience .
Merely scratching the surface by discussing facts and examples would be an injustice to the students .
Thirdly , a discussion of ideas and concepts brings out the knowledge a student already has and shares with his peers .
Such a setting where ideas flow freely among students and professors paints the picture of an ideal educational environment that every student dreams of .
In addition , such an environment kindles students ' interest in the topic and makes them even more interested in it .
Any student would be more interested in learning concepts and ideas and practically apply them than to merely memorize facts , which have little or no applicability in the real world .

It needs to be realized that facts are complementary to the ideas and concepts that are tought , and they should be treated so They should be stated as examples for the purpose of clearer understanding of the topic of discussion .
However , they should not be used in isolation as it would lead to an incomplete knowledge transfer between the teacher and the student .
Nowadays , there is a strong believe in that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This may be so due to the fact that young people lead more active daily lives , working , going out , having greater physical abilities , among other things .
However , I do not agree with that idea because of the elder 's free time to do as they please and their great wisdom in dealing with life 's problems gained by their life experiences .

Even though we usually think young people 's lives are very active and thus , they are happier and enjoy life better , when you come to a certain age above 65 , you can certainly concentrate on the activities you like doing better .
Young people are always in such a rush , especially in todays ' world in which time is always related to money , that they fail to seize each moment 's priceless value .
Instead , when you become old , your ` working ' time is finished and you usually retire .
It is then when you have the possibility of taking advantage of your free time as well as you please .
For example , if you have always liked reading , now you have plenty of time to spend getting into the great magic world of words .

Another importnant point is that old people have more experience and that helps them worship life better .
When you are young , you always like experimenting new things , no matter the cost .
With every course of action you take , you take risks and then , when watching the consequences of your acts you understand better what life consists of and what really matters to you .
That is what happens to old people .
As they have generally lived and experienced so many things during the course of their lives , at a certain age they seem to know the basics of life and , therefore , do not worry about so many things as you may worry when you are a young adult .
For instance , I have seen my grandmother smiling sympathetically at my very sad experiences - like a break up with a boyfriend - while saying to me ... ` that has happened to me more than once ' and then explaining how life goes on and how there are more important things to worry about .

Even though it is true each one of us has to lead separate lives and the fullfilment of our goals and the reaching of happiness depends on our personal experience , I strongly believe old people enjoy life more than young people do due to their having more time for doing their favourite activities and their enlightening past experiences that show them better paths to succeed in life .
Young adults , therefore , should always take advantage of elder people experience to learn , from very early ages , how life can be always more enjoyable than it already is , always keeping our hearts open to what the voices of experience can share with us .
The issue at hand is whether there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than today .
The question is very interesting since the number of cars used have a tremendous influence on our environment because of the pollution .
I personally believe that there will be more cars in use in twenty years than today .
The first reason I think this is because the number of people who can afford a car is constantly growing .
Although we do n't know how the economical structure will look like in twenty years we have to expect that in the big countries like China and India more people will earn enough money to buy a car for their personal need .
Another reason why I assume that more cars will be on the road is based on the assumption that the people 's search for individualism is constantly growing .
Many people do n't want to be limited by public transportation to get to their destinations .
They use their car to travel whenever they want to the places they would like to be .
They 're not limited by timetables or the locations of the train/bus stations .
My final thought which supports my opinion is that cars are also a sign of wealth .
In contrast to the people who can afford one car for their personal transportation there will be many people who earn enough money to have even more than one car and that only for the purpose of fun .
There are a lot of couples without children who have 3 cars .
One car for each person for the daily use and the third car , for example a sports car or a convertrible car , for special occasions .
There are also a lot of collectors of very old cars , called oldtimers .
Concluding the arguments above I can say that we should definitely expect more cars on the road in twenty years than today .
Many people are trying to find the way that leads to a successful life .
The proposed theory means that to be successful you have to dare doing new things instead of focusing on what you already know to do well .
I do not agree with such a thesis .

First , many people are successful only by doing what they know how to do well .
If you do things better than others do , you have great chances to succeed in your project .
For instance , a lot of sport champions only focus on their sport and do not lose time besides .
For example , Roger Federer , the current best tennis player in the world , was learnt tennis since he was very young and went on in this way which lead him to success .
Whereas a lot of well known singers who tried to play in films did not manage in this way and went back to what they did well .

Neverlethess , many amazing success story happened to people who tried to do something new .
For instance , the famous former tennis player Yannick Noah , after a good carrier as a tennis player , has become a very famous singer .

Consequently , if I do not really agree with the thesis I have to acknowledge that it is possible to be successful in other field that the one you are meant to .
So , my point is that even if you are doing well in something , this does not mean that you can do well eslewhere .
On the contrry , I think that people who have been successful in the field they were prepared for have better chances to have great achivements in others fields because they have been learnt how to commit in a project , to be professional and to believe in themselves .
Learning is a never ending process .
But it is very important for one to know `` How much to know '' .
Putting forth my disagreement for the statement i would like to present my opinion about the topic .
In my opinion having knowledge of many academic subjects is fairly justified to a very primary level , till the time one get 's to know the basics of that subject .
But it is very important to have detailed knowledge about one subject in particular .

To elaborate this point further i would like to detail the factor of ones aptitude that comes into play .
It is not necessary for a person to have strong affinity for a whole array of subjets than compared to a subject in particular .
This affinity can be potentially put to use by furher breeding ones liking for a paticular subject .
This can only be achieved by gaining detailed knowledge about that specific subject .

Lets take an example of a creative field like architecture , where the primary education that the syllabus provides gives one a rough idea about lots of subjects pertaining to history , evolution and practical implications of architectural design .
But the entire course focuses and deals with these subjects at a very primary level .

The amount of contribution a good architect can make to the society can be very crucial in defining the era a society comes from and to be in a position to make that level of contribution and has to have a very deep rooted understandng of the strata of society , the nature and behavorial pattern of people .
And this can be achieved only when ones understands the nuances of a subject in concern .
This not only provides a zest and encouragement to do better but can set examples for the comming generations .

This understanding has to be inculcated at a very nascent stage so that right decisions can be taken by individuals which broadens the horizons not only for ones personal development but could lead us into a refined and a resolved tommorow .
In a societey fixed on issues like youth and beauty , quite often people think that enjoying life is a matter of age , or better said a matter of not being old .
When you look at TV commercials for example , you will find it suprisingly hard to find older people enjoying a joy - ride in the new Range Rover rather than young and good looking adults .
On the other hand if there are reports about the elder it is mostly about poverty or illness , or other issues old people are likley to get in contact with .

But this is as many things in our society a misleading thought .
If one watches closer it is not that hard to find the complete oppsite of what was written befor .
A lot of old people actually enjoy their life , despite of the picture some might have of them .
On one hand they have got a lot of time because the do not have to work anymore and on the other hand they use that time much better as the generations before them .
A whole new market with special offers made exclusivley for elders has developed .
Sports , travelling or social work is part of that huge variety .
So enjoying your life is not a question of age rather than a question of willingness to do so .

There are of course a lot of older people who would call there life boring and not very enjoyable but you will find young people with the same opinion .
As a matter of fact the whole issue of enjoying life is a question of your finacial background as well .
It is obvious that for some older people it is hard to get along with their small pensions as it is for young unemployed or under qualified people .

Taking these idears together you will come to the conclusion that young people do not enjoy their lifes more the olders do or the other way around .
Being old is no reason to have less pleasure living , and being young is no free - ticket to happiness .

So basicly enjoying life is up to you , because if you are not making the best out of what you got , nobody will do .
I agree that it would be betther to have diversified knowledge in many fields , rather than focusing on a particular subject .
In many universities around the world , the idea of providing all-rounded education for students has been promoting in recent years , which would be the proof of a need of having broad knowledge .

There are several reasons supporting my view .
First , the boundaries of subjects sometimes are difficult to be distinguished since most subjects have connections with the others .
For instance , the learing of accounting would also require some computer skills since accounting nowadays is not confined to manual work .
Therefore , if we have already accumulated fundamental knowledge on the use of specific softwares like MYOB , it would definitely help learn the core subject more effectively .

Second , we would always encounter people from different streams of study and different knowledge , and therefore if we have knowledge in the other fields , it would be easier for us to start a conversation and learn from the others .
We would know the philosophy of different kinds of people since people often developed their logic based on their knowledge and experience learnt from their field of study .
Hence , we may find it easy to cooperate with the others when working in the society .

Last but not least , it would help us develop critical thinking skills with accumulating knowledge in other fields .
If we only concentrate on studying our own major subjects , our thinking and ideas would be confined to a particular route .
Take the subjects of economics and accounting as an example , in economics , students would be taught that assets would be determined on cash basis .
However , throughout the learning of accounting , students would be exposed to accrual concept , which is to recognize our future revenues as our income at the moment .
From the above example , we can see that students with both economics and accounting knowlege may be exposed to disimilar ideas on the related topic , so that they would learn more about the incompleteness of specific subjects .

All in all , we would become all-rounded if we can receive fundamental knowledge in numerous field .
The more diverse the knowledge we have , the less difficulty we would have during our learning and working .
Each day , numerous new products are welcomed by the market and the need to promote a specific item among these huge inflation of consumption attractions stimulated advertisement sector to be one of the most fast growing sector of the econopmic system .
Keeping in mind that the main role of advertisements is to make products look much better in order to sell more , I agree very much with the idea that advertisement might sometimes lie for some eligible reasons .

First of all , one should remember which context we are talking about .
It is highly developed capitalist society , where consumption has become in such an intrinsic way that the competitiveness within the market is incredible , nevertheless the products have more or less same quality .
Therefore , it is indispensible for advertisement to make products seem more valuable than they really are in order to look like making a difference .
Obviously , we all imagine that this new kind of toothpaste that we watched on TV would not be so different from the previous type that we use every day .
Or prepaid soup does never look as delicious as appears on TV nor does it taste any better from my mother 's natural recipe .

Although I understand the reasons why advertisements might be mistaken , I contend that some of the advertisements go as far as violating customer 's rights .
For instance , most of the time the long advertisements on fitness equipments present the product as the most efficient one ever existed on earth and the ads also relies on the former customers ' testimonials in order to assure new ones .
I regret to say that most of time , these people recommending the products happen to be amateur actors , not happy customers .
This is an example where innocent people 's time , money and energy is exploited .
I remember my mother once buying such a product and realized how worthless it was .

To conclude , I would like to call people to be more careful about advertisements and never forget what they are seking for .
I guess this difficult situation is the inevitable kind of life provided by cunsumer society .
To predict what will happen in twenty years from now is a hard thing to do .
However , I must say that I disagree with the statement that states that in twenty years there will be fewer cars then there are today .
I disagree for many reason I find reasonable .

Everyday our world changes in a way or another .
We experience changes in the world and those changes can affect us in various ways .
Because the world has changed radically over the past hundred years more jobs are provided and more people are getting really involved with this development .
As a result , speed became a very important matter in an individual 's life .
Since , more work is needed to be accomplished by an individual now than it probably was before and in a shorter amount of time , an individual might find himself or herself in need for shortcuts and methods than makes his or her life easier .

When we go to our jobs or schools or anywhere else we usually try to save time and reach there as quickly as possible .
The most popular method of doing that is driving a vehicle or being driven in a vehicle .
More and more people are finding themselves in great need of a car .
In some families , more than just one car is neccessary .
So , if you go into a house of a family consisting of six members for example , you will most probably find two cars or even more .
In some families both the parents could have jobs and therefore , each one of them needs his or her own car .
Another reason is that people have more chances of buying a car or even more today , which is because so many car companies make it easy for customers .
Those companies allow customers to pay only a part of the price of a car throughout a specified period of time .

With people getting busier by the day and chances of buying a car increasing , and speed becoming such a vital thing , I believe that in the next twenty years cars will not only not decrease , but they will increase and the numbers of cars will sore .
What is it to be successful ?
It sometimes seems to be unusual , or not normal .
When reading bibliographies of successful people , they do unusual thigs .
They are described as a stupid , annoying , breave but strange human-being .

Editson was kicked out of the school because he kept asking a teacher why 1 plus 1 is equl to 2 .
Soldiers went to war even though they could actually see that the death was waiting for them .
Is it true that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know ?
Does it mean that it is necesssary to have new points of view , try new things and take risks to be successful ?

Assume that an apple suddenly falls on someone 's head .
What would that person say out right away ?
If it were me , i would say ` ouch ! ' but Newton said ` why did it fall ? '
Here is a significant differences between him and other people .
Newton wondered why the apple falls to the ground , not floating on the air , while everyone had already accepted it as a natural incident .
As soon as he became curious and wondering , he started studying on it .
That is what most scientist or inventors usually start their scientifical work .

Look at King .
Martin Luther .
He is very well-known black person who had been arguing about black people 's freedom and right .
He must have had suffered a lot of risks while he was arguing his opinion .
Not that he was the only one who was upset about white people 's unfairness .
Black people were also as upset as him , but none of them were as brave as him .
He is now very famous , historical , heorical person in the history of the world .

Lastly , soldiers in all kinds of wars .
Many people took the risks to die in the war , get tortured by enemy , and lose their family .
They surely and obviously knew how much risky way they chose to follow .
But they did not deny it .
They followed it as if it was what they must have done .

Historical , famous , well-know , and greatly successful people take risks as if that is what they were born to do .
They think differently .
They are always willing to try and do new things rather than following what other people have thought or believed in .
Techniques of advertisement started to develop at the same time consumer began to spread in the world , and they improved a lot during the last century , especially as new media , like television , grow up .
As I always did jobs related with marketing and commercial activities , I am very aware of the fact that many advertisements make products seem much better that they really can be .
So , I will explain the reasons that this habit can have , and also the problems it can bring about .

Firstly , I think that a company always needs to provide consumers with an amazing image of its product .
As a result , an advertisement usually stresses on the better qualities of the product X , without naming any problem related with it .
For example , when Ferrari , an Italian sports car manufacturer , launches a new car , it most likely create an advertisement showing the new car 's great speed , but it does not really points out that this car would consistently consume lots of fuel !
This negative factor probably does not even interest Ferrari 's typical customer , and the car is presented as it really is .

On the other hand , while I think that usually advertisements present the real side of a product , I must admit that sometimes they are really excessive .
When a product is made for a specific purpose , it should not be presented as something different , just in order to create a better impression in people 's mind .
For example , many car manufacturers , like FIAT , another Italian firm , are used to create sports versions of their utility models , and they present them like sports cars .
The problem is that they really are not sports cars , but only slightly more faster models of normal cars , so the image advertisements introduce is completely wrong .

To draw a conclusion , I thinlk that it is really impossible to prevent advertisements to give the best image of products they can .
Most of companies really offer the truth of their products , just omitting some negative aspects , but sometimes they really lie to consumers , by providing false images .
However , I think that this is not such a common situations , and most of advertisements present products nearly as they are .
Many people who success these days , have underwent many different experiences .
Espeacially , the ones who are introduced in the news or the internet , is speacial from others .
So , I agree with the Statement , ` Successful people try new things ' because they have courage that they would succeed in trying a new task , and try to develop the present .

To begin with , the people who have succeeded in their life try new things , since they have a faith in their heart that makes them succeed in a certain part .
If they did not have such courage , the successed people would not even have had a chance to change their lives .
For example , I have an uncle , who is a mountain climber .
Since he was in college , my grandmother tried to make him give up his dream , which was being a mountain climber .
Since it is not that of a famous job , my grandmother tried everything to stop him , even acted if she was ill to make him abdicate in that job .
However , my uncle did not give up , and practiced very hard and became a successful mountain climber who teaches students and helps them win contests .

Moreover , since trying to develop what we have now makes people successful , people should have the chance to try new things .
Making what other could not think of is a huge step up .
For instance , if Bill Gates did not try to invent Microsoft , the society would not have been developed this much .
His attempt to develop the human lives also made him repectful and succeed in his life .
I think that his courage for such an attempt , which made him through all the way to being a the inventor and the richest people in the world , was the key for his success .

To conclude , having risks or trying new tasks is the way to be successful because that person had the courage enough to make it trough .
Also , since the people who succeed had the mind to make a better world , people should try new things .
People should try anything to make oneself succeed in their goals .
In the old days the communities almost equal to the whole world people are living in .
Therefore , there are strong connections between people and their communities .
However , nowadays , things have changed a lot .
As a global village , people can communicate with others who are far away .
The connections with communities seems not as important as before .
That makes the fact that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

In modern world , there are so many things happen at the same time , and people usually only concern with those things have strict relationship with themselves .
For example , in the communities , we often see that it is always the older people who participate in the work .
Why ?
It is because compared to the community work , the young people have many other things are more important to them to accomplish , such as studying and making money .
It seems that all their time are occupied by these things already .

In the long run , the whole society seems to adapt this phenomena .
Also , gradually it has build up a wrong concept that because there are other things more important than community work , young people do not have to be responsible to their communities .
They not only do nothing to help the communities , but also sometimes wastes the resourses provide in the communities .
In other words , because of the wrong value of the society , instead of doing something good for the communities , the young people do someting harm to the communities .

Therefore , I think it is important to change this misthinking .
Parents should take their children to help their communities togather .
When they are used to doing this , they would not use `` no time '' to be an excuse for not take part in the work .
Now young people states that they have do time are not true , it is just simply because they do not want to .
If you are willing to help the community , you can always find time to do that .
There is no doubt that advetisements specially today look much more attractive than the quality of the product itself .
In my opinion this statement is correct .
While many other people may have different opinion .

From these people point of view , making good advetisement can encourage people to at least try this product .
So this product may be good and they buy it afterthat .
But if the method of advertisement is not good and not interesting to people , this will lead to failure of the advertised product .
So they see that the advertisement must be better than the product at least till people try it as it 's the first step for the product to succeed .

In my opinion this is not correct advertisement for a definite thing , but it 's called cheating .
The sincerety in advertisement must be considered for the general benefit .
If the advertisement did n't reflect the actual properties of the product , this would lead to a bad reputation and so death of the product by time .
In my life i have an example that makes me aggressive about these types of advertisement .

For instance , one day there is an advertisement about new meter for measuring blood glucos level .
They said that it 's the most accurate one and its needle causes no pain at all , etc ...
Then we bought it for my father who is diabetic .
We started to use it and every time it gives good and exellent readings about sugar level .
Suddenly , one day my father dropped on the floor .
When we picked him to the hospital we surprised about his sugar level which is very high .
As a result it causd serious complications to him specially on heart .

In a nut of shell , it 's right when you say that the products are not really good as their advertisements introduce them .
So , my advice is never to buy any new product except after it 's thrown in the market for a longtime and was tried by many people .
I disagree with the given statement because , with a tour guide , we cannot go wherever we want .
With a tour guide , the places we vist will be severely limited , because everything including hotels to say , stores to go and places to see are all fixed before the trip .
It kills an enjoyable part of traveling .
The travel plan by traveling agencies usually includes only famous places , so even if we can go to Grand Canyon , for example , by the tour , we cannot usually visit local towns around there .
But I think one of the advantages of traveling is to see and touch the local culture or ethnics .
The places we go by the tour may look to have those but they actually do not .
They , I believe , are for travelers and waiting for us .
In order to actually feel the country or region , we need to go actual local towns or villages , where we cannot go by tours .

Concerning above , people might say traveling in a group is easier and more convenient .
However , these days there is not so much difference between traveling alone and traveling in a tour thanks to the development of information technology .
I think the only merit that traveling in a tour has is that we can rely on the professional tour guides and get various kinds of information easily .
But nowadays , we can use the internet and search for what is famous , the history of the region or why the place is attractive to the travelers .
In other words , there is no longer information gap between ordinary travelers and professional tour guides .
Therefore , there is no inferiority in traveling alone to traveling in tours .

Traveling alone is better since we can have all rights for the places we go , and only traveling by oneself guarantees the opportunity to touch the local culture or tradition .
There is no bad point in traveling alone because we can gain much information through the internet if we want to go to the places a tour usually goes .
Therefore , I conclude , traveling by oneself is superior to traveling in a group led by a tour guide .
I do not agree with the statement that the number of cars will be smaller in number in near future than they are today .
It is evident that the traffic within the city center is getting worse each day and the public transportation is gaining increasing importance .
Especially around big cities , like Istanbul which I am living in , it is true that people are increasingly avoiding car usage due to the above mentioned reasons and have the tendency to use public transportation or taxi etc. instead , which might lead one to think that the number of cars will decrease in time .
However ; there are other dimensions of the subject .

First of all , even if some people are becoming increasingly reluctant to use their cars in city , most of them still feel it necessary to have one .
The reasons vary .
One could be privacy , which you cannot have with public transport .
The other could be availability ; all of us have experienced not being able to find a taxi when you have an important appointment .
Your car is always at your service and is actually a medium for independence .

Besides , the increased number of suburban living areas makes the people living there almost totally dependent on cars as public transportation is wider and more frequent around city centers .
Finally , due to increased technology and the saturation level of the market , cars come to the consumers at lower costs when compared to past .
The companies are extending product ranges to cover the maximim number of consumers within a wider range of economic status .
Therefore cars are more affordable and also convenient to use compared to last two to three decades .
I think these improvements will continue with an accelarated speed and cars will reach a wider range of population .
Even if the frequency of the usage of an individual car might decrease , I think the total number of cars in use could only increase during the next twenty years regarding the above mentioned reasons .
I totally agree with this statement .
I 'm really convinced that having a widespread knowledge of many different subjects is better than specializing on just one of them because of several reasons .

First of all , since I 'm not sure of where I 'm going to be or what I 'm going to do in the near future I 'd rather prefer to have many choices in front of me , many paths to run instead of focusing on just one way that maybe could even be the wrong one .
Acting like this I will get ready and prepared to take any valuable opportunity aroused along my personal scholastic journey .

In addition to this , I think that specializing on only one topic would be more boring and annoying than approaching different types of subjects .
In spite of opening and studying every day the same books and the same lectures I believe that daily shifts from one subject to another could make your life more appealing , still keeping the chance to drop the courses which do n't match your initial expectations .

Finally the most important reason , my personal thirst of knowledge .
Since I was a child I used to read any kind of book , to watch any type of program and to observe everything that could strike my attention so I would really love having at my disposal a broad experience and knowledge in order to say my opinion in each context .
I want to be a person ready to explain my beliefs wherever I am , whatever I `` m talking about without feeling uncomfortable or inappropriate .
Hope to be like this ...
Since Ford started to produce cars in great numbers , in the early days of the 20th century , the rising did n't stop and we are facing today a major problem of mass car construction that can lead to a catastrophy .
Where would we be in twenty years ?
The answer to this question must be definetly for a decrease of cars number and this idea could be supported with two main arguments .

Firstly , a positive development is that the transportation systems are spreading in all the major cities , wether it is called subway , tube , train or metro .
this evolution comes in favor of a popular mutation : people are leaving their cars for a better choice : public transportation .
This means is faster and cheaper than cars .
and we see that its development can encourage people not to buy cars .

Secondly and the most important idea is the dangerous consequences of the astonishing large number of cars .
the rise of the use of cars is causing infinite traffic jams , risks of car crashes that cost human lives , plus the air pollution caused by the high amount of carbon rejected by the engines .
These factors do not encourage car production growth , but on the contrary , the use of public means of transportation which are secure , less polluting and save time for their users .

But finally , admitting that there will be fewer cars in twenty years , we must notice that these future cars will contain a considerable improvement .
In twenty years , cars will be less polluting , more comfortable , and cheaper because of the advance in technology and mass production .

in conclusion , if we try to make a comparison between private means of transportation - cars - , and public means , we can definetly see the difference in security , time economy and pollution , and the choice of the public means is a better one .
For this reason , focus on the improvement of public transportation should be made in order to make it more comfortable and energy saving .
I agree with the given statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
Successfull people adopt a very good approach to doing things well .
They have more self-belief and confidence that their new ways of doing things will definitely be correct .
Such people believe that it is thrilling to do things in unusual ways .
They do not believe in adopting the same conventional ways of doing things right .
They find it rather boring and stereotyped to do things they already know how to do well .

They believe to take the path less travelled because they find it more challenging to explore such unknown things .
Such people are more adventurous , daring and dashing by nature .
They do not fear the chances of failing when taking up activities that involve lot of risk .

One best exaample that can be cited is of Christhopher Columbus .
He braved the rough seas to discover the continent of America otherwise we would have never known that such a continent ever existed .
He made this invaluable discovery during olden days where the methods of navigation were devoid of the advancements in technology .
All great inventions like the wheel , telephone , electricity , paper etc have been possible only because their inventors took huge risks and faced several challenges in accomplishing them .

It is said that necessity is the mother all inventions .
People who have made great inventions and discoveries had felt such a need which was combined with a burning desire to make inventions to satisfy the need .
But all this would not have been possible if such people did not have the fighting spirit to overcome all obstacles they would have encountered .
Hence successful people always believe in doing things in unconventional ways wherein they dare to face all challenges that come in their way .
I think taking risk is a must in real life since we can not determine everything in our life .
Risks can lead people to earn much as well as to loose much .
In fact people should consider on loosing something if they want to obtain a success .

People can choose to keep on doing the things they have been already good at , but I think by that way people force themselves to be happy with the current situations rather than trying to find out something better .
For example owner of a small pizza restaurant can earn enough money to look after the family and to afford the rent of a house and a small car .
On the other hand if he chooses to extend his business , he can earn more money and he can use the money for the other things he want such as going on a holiday or buying a summer house .

I am one of those people who takes risks .
Last summer I went Berlin for my summer training in stead of performing it in my country .
It was a risk because I did not know German , I had no friends in German also the company did not afford me a place to live .
I believed that having a trainee in a such big company will help me soon since I would gain so much experience and also I would have the chance of working in an international company .
It was really hard for me since I had have to live in a hostel for two months with little money and I had some difficulties in communicating people .
Consequently I converted that disadvantages to an advantage for me .
The company made an announcement that they look for engineers that can be work in their Istanbul office and I am the strongest candidate for that job now .

To sum up there is no limit for upgrading the situations , but it is up to people at which level they stop to upgrade .
Also it is up to people always ask for more invest sometho \ ing to h \ get more
As older people always say : Times are different now and the past was always better .

When you are a child , you are not afraid because everything is new in this world and your parents are there to support you .
Then , you grow up , you become a teenager and you think life is to LIVE IT AND ENJOY IT , then you are an adult and your responsabilities increase , you have to forget about yourself and think about people around you , and when you are an old person you wish you had more time to do what you never did and always wanted to do , you wish you could have made more mistakes to learn from them but ...
time is gone .

Young people enjoy their lives going to the club , dancing , drinking : this is what they call `` having fun '' .
Older people go to the winery , listen to the music that brings old memories , they enjoy themselves on their own way .
I think both generations younger and older people live their lives the best way they can , they enjoy doing the activities they like and they consider are fun according to their beliefs and their philosophy in life .

The difference lies on the risks they take .
When you are young you feel no fear , you think there is only one life and you have to live it the fullest , you own your world .
But , When you are older , you also know that only one life was given to you , but your pholosophy , your perspective is different because you think since there is only one life to live , you have to appreciate it , take care of it and enjoy it loving and respecting yourself : risks are not the same in each stage of life .

When you are young a risk can be skipping school and that would be very exciting , when you are older skipping class is not fun , it is being irresponsible .

I do not think there is a list of activities to define whether or not someone enjoys life , I think it depends on each one and the way you were raised .
The gift of life was given to us and we can enjoy it the way we want as long as we do not affect other people 's beliefs and lives .
The statement presented above is far too general to really capture the complexities of actual life .
There are two main points I would like to discuss here .
First , factors other than age may explain why a person is happy or desperate with life .
Second , we need to look at what we really mean when we use the notion of `` enjoying one 's life '' .

At all times in history are we confronted with unhappy young lives : Or do we think that the young British soldier in Iraq `` enjoys his life '' ?
He may be proud to serve a cause or proud to be able to live up to the challenge .
But when we think of the deadly risk always present in the soldier 's mind , the old lady in her cozy house with her entire family around may look like the happiest person .

The term `` enjoy life '' is too much associated with a life animated by parties , travels around the world and the perspective of having one 's life before one .
It is true that in most cases young people , given their physical strength , have more options to lead an eventful life , as long as they have some freedom and financial means .
However , more eventful may not mean more enjoyable .
Can an old couple not also enjoy life , looking back at a fulfilled life and having the support by a loving family ?
In some countries in Africa , it is the eldest who have the say in the village and the respect of the young people is theirs .

In Chinese , there is a saying that goes exactly the other way round : If you drink tee , the first sips are as bitter as the young life .
When you poor more water , the tee becomes as sweet as the adolescent life .
And only when you add water for a second time your reach the balanced , slightly fragrant stage that resembles old age .
In the Buddhist tradition , this last stage is clearly the preferred and the symbol of this is the old , `` useless tree of happyness '' .

Maybe we people in the West should learn that every stage of life has its own happy moments , and experiences of sadness form part of the human condition .
Neither should young people be `` condemned '' to enjoy life , nor should old people always hear that their happy lives are over anyway .
For a better community , every individual of that particular place has to provide a helping hand to reach its success levels .
considering the young people nowadays , thay have to contribute their part to help out his/her community .
I personally agree with the statement that , Young people nowaday do not give enough time to help their communities for the following reasons .

Young people is a combination of college going students as well as recently graduated ones from the universities who spend most of the time searching a better job .
The stress on the students is so high these days that they hardly get time to entertain themselves .
That is , they are always tangled with their studies and assignments they need to complete .
In such case , they dont have time for other activities like improving their community .

Other reason is , whenever they get some time young people prefer to spend time with their family and friends rather than improving a community .
This is the cause of the excess burden they are facing from their daily schedule pattern .
For instance , I myself being a graduate student , whenever I get some time from my assignments , I would prefer relaxing at home than going out and improve my community .

Young people also feel that , if the community heads and the corresponding heads feel responsible and do their part correctly then there wont be a question to call young people to participate in such programmes .
young people have to concentrate well on their studies and go on up to their satisfaction levels because these are the people who are the citizens of tomorrow .
young people have to mould themselves in such a way that they could become the role models for their younger generation .

In the concluding note , young people dont give enough time for the improvisations of their community because of the above stated reasons .
Nowadays young people tend to be only concerned about stupid things , like thier friends and their physical aspect , and they do not help their communities at all .
Young people do not understand that our society will only work if we take care of it , because the society is made up of people and without them it will be nothing at all .
Therefore we should start helping in our community .

During Summer i usually help the community of my town , that has the job of feeding old people in their retirement houses .
We are always looking for people that can help us , because it is a pretty hard work , but people of my age prefer to waste their Summer time sleeping or playing videogames rather than helping people that truly need some help .

I am totally disgusted in seeing how much our society has destroyed the value of generosity and unselfishness .
Money are now considered one of the most important aspect of our life and we tend to forget that there are more important moral values that we should care about .

In my opinion people should spend at least 2 months of their life doing some community service , because it is a great experience that completely changes your life and opens your mind .
Before I started my job in my community i was kind of skeptic , because I was afraid that the reality I was going to face was too hard for me , but know after three Summers I worked in the field I can say that i am changed : now , I care more about other people and I always try to see the positive side of every situations , because I understood that there will always be people with more difficulties than me .
Anyway if someone chooses to help his community , there will be tons of possibility from helping old people as i do , or working with disable people or participating in a youth group .

However convincing people to help is extremely hard if we do not change our society a little bit before .
I think television should give more relevance to community projects and volunteering services , because helping other people should one of our first values .
The issue of whether understanding ideas and concepts is more important to students than learning facts .
Some people assert that understanding concepts is more important , while others believe that learning facts is more important .
Different people have different views due to their distinct backgrounds .
As a matter of fact , this issue is complex and controversal one and whether one choice takes precendence ovr the other may quite depend one the specific situation .
As far as I am concerned , I disagree with this statement and my view can be substantiated by the following discussion .

The first argument can be presented is ideas and concepts are usually unrealistic and un-practical .
A good example is about my major - physical therapiest .
Many of classmates could get good scores in the lecture , but they could not get good scores in the lab or being interns in the hospital because they could make a good connection between what they had learned and the clinic situation .

Under this circumstance , I really think learning facts is very important .

In addtion , there is another reasons to support my standpoint and a good example is not far to seek .
Before going abroad , people buy the travelling guide book and understand the environment and culture of the country to which they are going .
But sometimes , people feel what the book mentions is too abstract to understand and therefore , the best way is going that country and have the real experience .

Admittedly , it may be true understanding ideas and concepts is very basic and important for students in some specific situation .
However , this alone does n't constituate a sufficienct support to claim above statement .
Actually , these cases are rare and thus are too specific and too weak to strenthen this standpoint .
When the advantages and disadvantages of understanding concepts and learing facts are carefully examined , the most striking conclsuion is abvious that learing facts is much more important .

To sum up , although the statement still arouses diagreement among different people , the issue is quite difficut to resolve .
Taking into account the above-mentioned reasonses , which sometimes intertwine to form an organic whole and thus become to be more persuasive , we can arrive at the conclusion learing fact is more important to students than undersatdning ideas and concepts .
I disagree with the statement .
Young people have hard time loving their life because of the stage of adolescence .
On the other hand , older people spend their lives as they want to because they are far more experienced than the young .

I am a teenager , and I have seen a lot of my friends struggling in their lives because they do not know what they should be doing .
Also , this is the time of adolescence where many teenagers view the world differently from adults or children , and often become too emotional or revolting .
For example , when I first enrolled in my high school , I was very depressed .
This was because I kept believing that school was a place where young people my age were being measured by the grades that they received .
As I kept thinking that this was a horrid idea of recognizing one individual as good or bad , I found anger in my self , and I could not enjoy my life .
I also did not know what field I wanted to persue my career in , so I was very confused and pressured .
I think this time of my life was a time of struggle because I was quite young and did not have enough experience in life to make important decisions .
Being young means learning about life and going through different emotions .
Young poeple suffer internally and this is why I believe that young people do not always enjoy life more than older people .

My grandparents are one example of why I think that elders enjoy life more than that of the young ones .
Since my grandparents are both retired from their jobs , they have plenty of leisure time to spend .
My grandparents travel every month to different places in the world .
Since they have earned enough money in their younger years , my grandparents are able to entertain themselves more than others .
Also , they have more life experience , which means that my grandparents are able to figure out what is the most fun and benefitial to themselves .
Like this , I believe that older people can live a free life , doing whatever takes them to be happy .

Young people often have to go through difficulties in their lives , such as finding their true talent , peer pressure and worries on how they will survive in the `` real '' world .
On the other hand , older people can live a relaxed life doing what they find the most joy in .
They also have more experience in living , so they are wiser and know what is best for them .
Therefore , I believe that older people enjoy life more than young people .
I agree with this statement .
The reasons behind this is that as time progresses cities and populations are growing larger .
As the population growth is happening cities are becoming far more over crowded then before .
This already Causes many traffic issues and road problems because of such a large number of cars on the streat .
With the increasing population their is no way for this problem to be solved except for reducing the amount of cars on the streats .
Evidence of this has already started as cheap public transportation is starting to rise .
For example the mass transport systems in London , they have the underground , and the busses , which eliminate the need for many people to own , ride , or drive in a car .
Thousands of people are able to move around without having the need to use a car .
The mass transport system alone has taken care of a bit of the problem that is being faced at the moment .
Even the city of Dubai has started taking measures to reduce the number of cars on the street by begining the construction of the sky rail , which is to become the new mass transport there .
Global warming and polution is also an other reason why cars should be lowerd in number .
The prevention of polution and the slowing of global warming would be aided greatly by the reduction of cars on the streets .
In the next twenty years many governments around the world will most likely take measures , just as London has , and Dubai has started , In order to reduce the amount of cars that are being driven .
This would be resolving two separately unrelated problems with one solution .
Th eproblem of over crowded streets would be solved by the provision of effective mass transport systems .
And the Global warming , polution issue that cars create would be solved by this reduction as well .
With those two global problems , measures will be taken to reduce the number of cars on the streets in the near future .
So in twenty years it is very likely that their will be far less cars on the streets then their are during this time .
I am deeply sorry to have to disagree with the statement , specially because my idea of a better world includes the reduction of private transportation in benefit of public transportation .
The truth is that I do n't see that happening anytime soon. : ( Let 's do the maths >

First of all , the degree of development that countries like China , India and others are achieving , will bring access to a huge portion of their citizens to private transportation .
Even if the rest of the world still would use the same number of cars that is currently using , that would make the difference .
So we can add some hundred of millions to the current number of cars ...

In the meanwhile , the population in developed countries keeps growing , what lead us to discard the idea of a possible reduction of vehicles on these developed countries .
So we keep adding some millions ..

The results of the research of alternative sources of energy , if possitive , will probably boost the car sales in the future .
Yes , we can still consider them '' cars '' even when they do n't run on gas anymore .
At that point , having a car will probably make more sense than ever .
The idea of making 500 miles for only 2 dollars sounds definitely very appealing .
Ttraffic jams could be the only reason to use public transportation by then .

Our cities will become more and more overpopulated and hard to move through , proving the use of public transportation as the most effective way to move around .
Yes , that probably will happen , but still we will probably like to have our own car in the garage to use it during the weekends .
We wo n't resign to that feeling of independece and of course the rest of member of our family wo n't do as well .
So my opinion is that the reduction in that respect wont be very significative .

All that said , My opinion is that the number of cars in 20 years will be higher than is now .
The issue whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specialize in one specific subject is a controversial one .
On the one hand , some people believe that we can experience the different interesting of many academic subjects .
On the other hand , others believe that we have to learn things more specific then we can train the ability of concentrating on things easily .
As far as I am concerned , I prefer to study broad knowledge of many academic subjuects .
In addition , I will argue over the issue in the following reasons .

The first reason for my belief is that we can learn more and apply the subjects more .
In other words , in such busy and competitive world , we cannot close ourselves in just single subject or specific knowledge .
Furthermore , we ought to open our mind and eyes to experience new fields .
For example , I have studied child education for several years and I teach in elementary school right now .
However , I deeply consider that I face too much other difficulties that I have never met before or studed before such as how to connect with their parents effectively or how to reduce my personal anger when I come in class .
Therefore , as long as I teach , I think I have a lot of things or subjects I need to study .
Hence , I come back to school and start to learn other academic subjects .

The second reason for my belief is that I can make other frinds in different areas .
As matter of fact , we have less chance to meet other people that do not study the same class .
I mean we all consider the whole thing in the single opinion that we stand .
Therefore , we have to widen our mind and reopen it to other areas and make some differents friends and maybe sometimes they can give us other aspects ideas .
For instance , I like to play piano and I have learned it for many years .
One day my friend told me that why do n't we coperate with each other .
He is good at dancing .
When we conbine our idea together , we find it very interesting .

To sum up , I firmly believe that we must have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because we have to live in the competitive world and you do not believe that how beautiful that we can spark out .
In the end , I will conclude the issue by emphasizing that not only do we consistantly study different subjects but also we encourage others to do so .
I completely agree with the proposed statement .
In my opinion , there are sound reasons to believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use .
First , I think that pollution has become a serious global problem that soon will have to be solved .
In addition , I believe that unaffordable oil prices will incentivate people to use other kind of transportation .

First of all , we may argue that nowadays almost everybody supports a dramatical reduction of pollution .
We all can agree that cars contribute to increase urban pollution .
In order to tackel this problem , some cities , such as London , have implemented new regulations that do not allow people to drive cars around the center of the city .
From what I see , much more cities should apply this sort of policies .
Likewise , many cities are currently improving the services rendered by their public transportation in order to provide people with a good alternative to the car .
I think that these two measures will incentivate people to avoid using the car ; thus , we may conclude that fewer cars will be in use .

Secondly , I consider that soaring oil prices will also help to have fewer cars in use .
From my point of view , oil has already started to be a really scarce good , and even now many people have problems to pay for it .
Hopefully , people will realize that using the car is not sustainable from both an ecological and an economic standpoint .

To sum it up , I do believe that in twenty years we will see fewer cars running through the streets .
We may expect that people will colaborate to reduce pollution and will start using public transportation .
In addition , I think that oil prices will prevent people from using the car or , at least , will incetivate people to use it less .
First , I think that it is better to have knowledges of many academic subjects , because you tend to improve your critical mind more than when your are specialized , but in an other hand I think that a specialization may be benefic in some cases too .

In one hand , I think that a general knowledge of many subject increase the ability of a person to understand the society and the world in its many forms .
Indeed , when you know the origin of a phenomenon that medias are talking about , you understand it better : in its construction , and in its effects .
Because most of the time , a phenomenon or crisis , is based on and has developed from a cause that is important to know to really understand the problem .
For instance , when you have both studied geography and history at school , you are more able to understand the origin of political problem such as mass immigration than when you only have studied geography or history .

Indeed , a problem is the result of causes that are often more various than we think .
So when you have a wild culture , ( that means when you have studied many subjects at school , such as biology , physics , or geography ) , you tend to have a more critical mind , and a better approach of the situations .

But in the other hand , a specialization on a specific subject is a good thing , because you are studing all the details of a specific phenomenon , and you are able to explain to people the accurate reality of a process .

You are also able to make the science go forward if you work on scientifical subjects for many years , such as medical research .
Indeed , because time and specialization allow people to make big discoveries .

In conclusion , I really think that a wild knowledge may increased people critical mind , but there are also advantages to be specialized .
In todays era of exponentially evolving technology everybody seems to be entangled in the race to outcompete the rest , to overshadow others in terms of accomplishment , success , fame , power and superiority .
Technology is meant to make life simpler but are we really achieving that .

Todays youth , in the process of mastering the expertise of desiging a robot , which can perform any task you ask it to , have them selves beocome like one - A ROBOT .
We work only towards are selfish goals and gains .
Our life revolves aroud words like I , me , mine .
Gradually we are becoming detached to our families , society and community .

Our perspective has narrowed down .
We do not see beyond our selves .
We do not think about our society and nation .
Nobody takes responsibilty or authority to improve the system .
Everybody dreams about landing on the surface of Moon and Mars but nobody really has the time to see what is happening to our earth , to our people .

Pests like terrorism , global warming , racialism , poverty , economic disparity , nuclaer arms race have crippled us and need to be seriously considered and eradicatd before they cause complete decimation of mankind from the face of the earth .

Many of our natural resources are nearing extinction due to reckless overuse and lack of repletion .
Who shall take the inititative to replenish them ?
natural resouces are gifts of nature to us which are to be judiciously used and passed on to our next generations .

Technology and education should not only be aimed at exploring new areas but also to attend to prevailing problems of todays world order .
Who else has to take this inititative if not the youth of the world .
They are the pioneers of tommorrow .
The buds which shall bloom and become the architects of our future .
Even if each individual youth , in his modest capacity , decide to make some contribtution towards restructuring and refurbishment of the society , solution to a lot of problems will emerge .
Afterall the purpose of education is not just to cram books , make warships , look through a microscope but to make this earth a better place to leave .

It is the moral responsibiltity of the youth to unite against and fight social predators .
They Give enough Time

There is a big issue that is being discussed by everybody around the world , `` Do young people nowadays gibe enough time to help their communities ? ''
When I think of this question , my answer is `` Yes . ''
There are reasons why I my answere is yes .
The first reason is there are organizations to help and improve communities .
The second reason is there are courses about improving communities that students are obligated to take .
The third reason is the feeling of responsibility in humanbeings .

The first reason why my answer is yes is because there are organizations to help and improve communities .
For instance , there is an organization called Greenpeace which helps to protect the environment we live in .
Young people volenteer to work in this organization to be a good and responsible citizens .
Furthermore , there is an organization called Red Cross , again , where the young volenteer to work to cure the homeless and needy people .

The second reason why my answer is yes is because there are courses about improving communites that collage students are obligated to take .
For example , in Old Dominion University , in America , freshmens have to take this sort of class that is required .
They have to complete a certain amount of hours of community service to pass their classes .

The third reason why my answer is yes is because the feeling of responsibility in humanbeings .
For instance , the dramatic changes over periods of times since the human cameabout on earth can be seen .
In my opinion , the feeling of responsibility has a big role in these changes .
This feeling caused the revolutions in humanbeings lifes and communities they live in .

To sum up , I believe that young people nowadays give enough time to help their communities .
My reasons for this belief are there are organizations to improve communities ; moreover there are collage courses that are menditory .
Last but not least , I have faith in humanbeings feeling of responsibility .
When you travel somewhere you have never been , you want to learn everyting and explore every part of that place .
To accomplish this you may need to form part of a group and be lead by a tour guide .
By doing this , you make sure that you are going to learn many facts .
The downside of this kind of traveling is that you are not going to have the chance to explore by yourself .
You need to decide wether you are going to be part of a group led by a tour guide or if you are going to explore and learn by yourself .

Usually you go to a museum or you visit an historical monument with a tour guide .
This tour guide will help you learn the history behind the paintings or objects and will also give you great facts .
The tour guide will be the instrument that will enable you gain the knwoledge you are looking for .
You can be sure that you are not going to miss an important detail or fact because the tour guide is going to give it to you .

At the same time , you may want to travel or visit a place without a tour guide .
By doing this , you can explore and see thing at your own pace without others telling you what to see and for how long .
When you travel by yourself , you have the liberty to decide your destination , the liberty to choose what you would like to learn .
This kind of traveling will let you appreciate things more because you are in charge what you are going to do .

In my personal experience , I prefer a balance of both .
A tour guide is important because you are going to learn important facts .
Also , whith a tour guide , you are going to learn many more and better things .
The only bad thing about traveling wiht a tour guide is that you are not going to have the freedom of seeing what you want or visiting the places you would like .
This is why sometimes I prefer traveling without a tour guide .
In this way I will decide what I want to see , I will decide the path I want to follow .
I can give an example of this on the time I went to Rome with my family .
We went to see the churches and the temples by ourselves , but we took a tour guide to see St. Peter 's Basilic .
I have to admit that with the tour guide I learned many facts about that church that I never imagined , but at the same time I did not see every part othe basilic I wanted to see .
If I had visited the church without the tour guide I probably would not have learned everything , but I may have seen what I wanted to see and visit .
The car use int he 20th century continuinlgy increases with each year .
In countries like the United Sates an average family will own at leats two cars , since there is no other way in order to get from place to place .
Unless restrictions are made on how many cars allowed within a household , the amount of cars in twenty years will not decrease , but possibly even increase .

As the prices of cars becomes cheaper and cheaper , more people can afford to buy cars and therefor will take this advantage .
In many countries there is no other way to get from palce to place unless you own a car , because of the long travle distances .
Just looking at the raise in traffic , almost everywhere in this world , prooves that there are a lot more cars on the street and that the number of cars is not going to be declining .
As long as the public transportation in many countries remains weak and possibly even expensive , on the long run buying a car will do more for one .
In many states the public transportation is terrible , there are only a few busses thta drive to the local area , and that every thrity to sixty minutes .
If people need to be ontime somewhere they wo n't rely on a bus to bring them there , especially if it wo n't even binrg you too close to your destination .
Systems need to be created such as the U-Bahn , Bus , and Tram system in Vienna or even the New York subway system that allows people to get form place to place in a resonable amount of time and under good circumstances .
Only if people start to use public transporation and their own two feet , will the car use decrease and that outlook is not comming up soon .
Teenagers can already get thier lisence with 16 and 17 in many countires , which only increases the car use in the world .
If every teen in this world has the possibility of driving a car or even half the teens in this world , that would mean that the car use would most probably double .
Car use will only stop is emasures are taken against it .
THe fact that cars are used is n't bad but very understandable , yet cars that not friendly to the environmetn should be created , such as electrically run cars , which would be more expensive , which would also cut down rates on car use .
Generally speaking , I agree with the statement .
In my opinion it has gotten harder for young people to get involved in community activity .
It is true that less an less young people participate in activities of their communities , but there are reasons to do so .
First of all , I think that the expectations of a young person 's environment , especially parents and teachers , are very high nowadays .
It is expected from a young person to earn good grades at school or at college , to participate in extra curricular activities to show a wide range of interest and many young people have to work after school to earn their spending money .
There is not much time left to engage socially .

Besides , in our society young people are told everywhere to have fun rather than being socially engaged .
This raises young people 's expectations as well .
But I believe , that most young people cannot be held responsible for wanting to live like they are told to by the media and their environment .
In other cultures young people do not experience the same kind of freedom young people in the USA have .
Often they are told to take care of family members or friends , which is a social engagement as well .
In the western civilisation the family structures and social connections have been weakened over the last decades , which might also be a reason for decreasing interest in social work .

So the problem of the declining number of young people who give time to help their community is overall a societal problem , that has to be dealt with , because there is still a necessity to encourage young people to engage socially .

Communites often depend on people , especially young ones , who are not paid for the work they do .
Moreover , it can be a lot of fun , being an active part of a community .
It is always a way to meet a lot of people who share your interests and it can be very inspiring to work with elderly people , for example .

Young people can lern a lot from them .
When determining whether a person is successful or not , we all look at different characteristcs he has or what kind of work he has done .
In the same way , some may think that successful person comes from only doing what he already know how to do well .
Though some may think that taking risks is too dangerous , I believe that many successful people try new things and become succsessful because of it .

One of the reasons I believe in such way is because I play sports , and I know that I have to take risks sometimes to be successful .
One great example would be Tiger Woods , one of the best golfers to play the sport .
He constantly takes risks in every shots he takes , which is probably why he has been the number one ranked golfer for past several years .

Another great example would be Roger Federrer .
Several years ago , only few knew his name .
But now , almost everyone who watches or reads sports related articles know or atleast heard or seen his name , as he the number one ranked player in the world .
He too takes risks in his tennis matches , when he can just stay back and take simple shot every time .
But , he does not stay back and take simple , easy and safe shots when he plays .
He takes risks and gambles in order to trick and confuse his opponents .
Several years ago , he was criticized for not being aggressive enough with his shots .
In another word , he was being too safe , not taking any risks .
Now he is probably better at it than anybody else , and that may be the reason he is very successful .

Another reason is because of the Wright Brothers .
If they did not make an airplane , where would we be right now ?
If they just accepted the idea that humans can not fly , would we have airplanes right now ?
I believe their will to challenge new things , and a tremendous challenge , is incredible , and that is why they are regarded as most influencial people in many articles and books .
If they did not challenge our old idea , they would not have been successful , as they probably would have stuck to their old job .

Whether one succeeds in sports , business , or in some other ways does not matter .
What matters is the path one takes , and the mind set of one , and I believe all successful share these characteristics .
I also believe that doing what one already knows over and over will not make one successful , as someone may be able to the same thing just as well .
To beat that person , one should always challenge oneself and take risks to accomplish something higher .
This essay will discuss the overall advantages of having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects versus specializing in one specific subject .

I will begin by stating that the particular enviroment and situation a person is in does determine the outline of the necessary knowledge .
Since this is the case , let us observe two different cases where things may differ to a certain extent .

First , I would like to consider a student who is a freshman at a 4 year college .
Until he chooses his major , he will have to start accumulating knowledge in many different subjects in order to have enough information to determine what he really wants to focus on .
Once he chooses his major , he will then start specializing on one particular subject .
But , at this point , it is very important to observe that he still will need to be studying other broader subjects to enhance his development as a whole .
Thus , even the choice of a single focal subject is enabled by understanding a spectrum of other broader subjects .

Next , let us imagine that this student has graduated and joined the work force .
If we simplify things for the sake of argument , we could have two different situations on our hands .
In one case , the student prefers to stay in an academic enviroment and teach .
To be able to get a college teaching position , for example , he will have to specialize even further on his chosen path through higher education .

But , even while focusing further , he will try to increase his knowledge of subjects related to his own particular subject since this one of the fundemental requirements of becoming a good educator .
On the other hand , if he chooses to join a company , the people who hire him will probably expect him to be versatile and function in different divisions of the company .
Again , as I stated before , I am oversimplifying these situations due to time and space constraint .

In conclusion , even in situations requiring focus on a specific subject , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is a must .
This enables one to become a well rounded educated person with enough information in different subjects wh see the bigger picture whenever necessary .
Chancing opon this issue reminds me of a literary character that we are all probably familiar with ; Private Quelch , in the short story ` The man who knew too much ' .
A characterer that epitomizes the issue at hand for Private Quelch was an over-knowledgeable army serviceman who found himself in dire situations because of his blatant exhibition of that knowledge .
The story potrayed to us what becomes of a man wih too much knowledge but hardly any concept of how to use it .
Quelch found that he always dragged himself too deep into unpleasant situations , pompously armed with just his knowledge .

It is of no doubt then that I completely agree with the idea that it is vital for us to understand ideas and concepts than it is to merely mug facts .
Being in the third year of engineering , I have millions of firm reasons to believe that plain bookish knowledge can only get us so far .
After that it is the clarity that we have in our concepts and our developed understanding that help us proceed .
And when it comes to students , boy , they sure need to have thier fundamentals clear and precise !

A student who just mugs up books , and merely ` vomits out ' all the stored information onto his papers , might do well in a few cases , but when it comes to higher learning , the student will need to adapt to understanding or his knowledge is simply wasted .
Questions of application can never be answered by such a student .

Learning facts is probably what would be beneficial to students in a general knowledge quiz , but it is defintely not something that should be completely overlooked .
After all , what good are concepts when one simply cannot remember the facts they were made to explain ?
Can a student ace his exams by just keeping his concepts crystal clear ?
Will he not need some facts hidden in the recesses of his brains o refer in different circumstances ?
Facts like formulae , values , constants and exceptions .
He will most certainly need those facts to help with his everyday studies .

Nowadays , even the internet provides students with an unlimited resource of information .
It is upto the students then , to properly sift through all that immeasurable amount of knowledge , and extract concepts and maerials that is actually practical for him or her to know .

So what a student should not do , is to mechanically rote subjects .
He 'll never reach too far if he does only that .
He should have an appropriate combination of facts and fundamentals , with ideas and fundamentals taking much higher priority .
Trivial facts can mostly be referred from ready-reckoners while others may need to be stored in our brains .

Hence , the adage ` Knowledge is Power ' is hardly true .
Wisdom of how to apply that knowledge correctly , is probably what power mostly comprises of .
We might all end up like Private Quelch otherwise !
In my daily business I am working as a consultant for a German consultancy company .
Actually I need to find solutions for an Asset Management company , which needs advise how to go on with their back office system .
When I first met the COO he told me and my collegues to calculate a business case for his idea to centralize the back office business .
This is my first job and so I have never done something like this before in university , but I learned some facts about the aspects a business case has to contain in my finance classes .
So it was possible for me to take that challange .

What I want to mention with this short story is , that you need both things in your daily life .
On the one hand you need to understand the ideas and concepts the professors shows you , on the other hand it is also very important to learn facts , a kind of vobaburaly , to understand and deal with these ideas and concepts .

At the university you first have to learn facts .
It ist neccessary , not only in the field of business administration , also in natural sciences or other subjects .
Without facts students would have no basis to discuss about .
Everybody would understand a topic in another way and a comparison would be impossible .

Facts build the basis on which you can set up walls , in this case , ideas an concepts .
At the end you can build up the roof of the house .
That means , the student can use all the facts and ideas he learned in a hole on a new topic .

In your daily life you need the problem-solving competency to deal with different tasks you get .
This competency you can only reach when you understand different types of concepts .
So it is important to understand ideas .

In conslusion , I think it is the neccessaty to understand of both , facts and ideas to be
I disagree with the statement that successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks .
If I ran a business , I would not take risks because I think it is not worth losing money .
The possible loss would probably do bigger harm than a gain of money would do good .

In these days it seems to be crucial to know which risks to take and which not .
Yet it is my belief that sticking with a good technique , maybe one inherited by a family member that hat run the company for a long time , can be more efficient than blindly putting everything at risk .

Always changing strategies to the newest model will not work as efficientlz as will a good plan that is realized over a long period of time without interruption .
Of course , this way of managing will not make a company rich quickly .
But in my opinion , it is better to start slowly and work thoroughly , than risking not only money and time , but also jobs and finally the most important of all , the company itself .

An other example is education .
I could have gone to school less years , compared to the rest of the family .
I would have tried something new .
But with this new and very risky move I could neither count on the support of my peers , nor would I have an idea about what to do .
I would be helpless .
Chances are , that probably other people could succeed in such a situation , but I am absolutely positive that for me , the `` safe way '' is the better opportunity .

All together I find it more logical and mature to stick to known procedures that do work in everyday life .
If somebody risks something , he or she can gain a lot on the one hand , but on the other hand , it is also possible to lose a lot .
And losing a lot cannot be called successful .
Knowlegde in our modern days is underrated .
In fact , people do no not appreciate the fact that education has developed in order to provide students with several subjects to accompany the throughout their journey .
How is it possible for someone to turn down the chance of taking many academic subjects and just pick one ?

In my opinion , I think that it is definitely better to have broad knowledge of several academic subjects that to just pick one .
When students are offered the choice of picking several academic subjects , they should that oppurtunity by hand .
Graduating in multiple subjects certainly makes a person more intellectual in society .
If someone can only speak of one subject in society then he would be considered as a poorly intellectual person .
Specializing in different and many academic subjects surely increases your knowledge of your surroundings and opens the doors to different horizons .

It really is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects since it enlightens a person and gives him a general idea of many topics to talk about .
It is considered as a step to a more developed world where people are more open to important subjects .

As an example of my argument , I would like to talk about my own experience in this subject .
As a kid , my parents enrolled me in a tri-lingual school that offers english , french and arabic as primary languages .
During the first years of my education , I thought that that was a stupid mistake .
Growing up , I realized that I had lots of oppurtunities ahead .
I had the ability of speaking three different languages which could definitely broaden my horizons .
This is just a simple example of how specializing in many subjects can let you work your way up !!

Finally , a broader knowlege of many subjects takes nothing but a little hard work and effort .
Not only does it provide general information of many topics but it also gives an outstanding chance to have a successful life .
One specified subject can never be enough in a world that provides so much for us .
Advertisement is the channel by which a product is displayed in the eyes of the masses for increasing its sellling power to the market as well as the people .
I personally feel that most advertisements are designed to effect people more than its actual worth .

Advertisements nowadays are based on marketing stratagies more than the quality of product itself .
I have had some personal experiences where i fell for the beatifully displayed advertisements and purchased products , only to regret later .
The colors , backgrounds , personal emotions and photography are enhanced to impress the people about the product .

One of the experiences that made me realize that a product is much more than what it is advertized as , is when i bought diet pills by watching a television commercial .
It was a 15 minute commercial where people talked about how the pill worked effectively on them and showed drastic results .
It definitely worked on me emotionally and i ordered the product .
It was an expensive purchase , hence expectations for the results were high .
I folowed the directions and time of usage only to realize that it didnt work without diet and exercise .
There was no difference in how i looked and i was extremely dissapointed .

The commercials on television , radio and newspapers are made more to attract buyers , than to actually display the truth about the quality and the genuineness of the product .
Advanced technology and photography make products look very attractive , even to a point where advertisements are targeted to effect that part of the human brain which would get effected by the way the advertisement has been displayed .

All in all , i believe advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There is always more information about the product that one needs to know besides the advertisement .
The Advertisements is the means to increasing the selling power of the particular product , hence only the positives will be shown .
I believe that laws should be made so that the companies are complied to give the true picture about the product , the good and the bad .
I feel that it is true that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing things they already know how to do well .

If it were n't for people ready and eager to try new things , or ways to do things , they would never discover that there were better ways to do them .
Some ways may be time consuming and a waste of energy , but successful people find a way to bypass the waste , and get to their goals in a shorter , more efficient way .
Imagine someone plodding along the old path going around a mountain overtaking someone who has risked going over the mountain , or perhaps even going through the mountain !
It seems highly unlikely !

Risks and new things lead to better production and better outcomes .
If we had n't had people willing to risk a new method of crop raising , or use of pesticides , we would n't have the increased quantities of grains that we do today .
Their success in trying something new has led to an outcome beneficial not only to themselves , but to all of mankind .

This thirst for new ways in successful people has resulted in the discovery of new medicines , test tube babies , forays into space .
It has resulted in the creation of industrial giants .
A famous company in India , Reliance Industries Limited , has its roots in a tea stall .
The late owner used to run a tea stall in a small town .
Due to his vision and his dare to dream big and try a new way of refining petroleum to create useful by products , Dhirubhai Ambani ( the late owner of Reliance ) was extermely influential and rich and famous by the time he passed awy two years earlier .
It is because of his very will to do new things that the company is now one of the most formidable in present times , so much so that it can topple or raise the stock market by the way it moves in the day 's trade .

If it were n't for the dare of successful people to be different , to try something new , they would n't be where they are today .
I hardly imagine that Dhirubhai Ambani would have been anything but a tea stall owner if he had n't dared to try his hand at something new .
There has been an argument regarding the issue that the best way to travel is a tour in a group generated by using tour agencies .
Some people maintain that it is very beneficial to travel because it is cheaper and safer than traveling alone .
However , I believe that traveling in a group is not effective way to appreciate foreign cultures .
In this essay , I will present two reasons for my idea .

First of all , traveling with group members impose restrict regulations to tourists .
In general , each person has their own personal preference .
People usually set priorities on different issues .
To contend these various demands , schedules should be set by their own .
However , tour guides cannot provide flexible regulations to people .
This is because all of the schedules and regulations set by tour guides are focused to group people .
For example , when I traveled in Paris by using a group tour , I had really wanted to go to Montrematre , famous streets in Paris .
However , tour agency stronly opposed to my idea because there is dangerous place to foriegn tourists .
In addition , no other person did not join to my plan , so I finally gave up to visit there .

Seconly , touring in groups cannot provide wonderful memories to people .
Generally speaking , one of the most important reasons that spring to people 's minds in relation to travel is enjoyable memory .
If the person go to seesighting alone , it is common knowledge that visiting strange places has high possibilities to face accidents .
However , people are dare to want to face that sudden accidents , and a result these happenings will be enjoyable memories .
However , if people travel in a group , they will lose a lot of chances to their own memories .
This is due to the fact that almost every tours conducted by tour guides offer limited and regulated schedules .
A study conducted by the Department of Korean Tour Associations shows that seventy percent of Korean young people who once traveled in a group by travel agency answered that they did not satisfied with group travels .

Taking all I mentioned into consideration , I believe that touring in a group by a tour guide is a not best option .
This is because it offers restrict shedule and , cannot meet people 's diverse tastes .
I agree with the statement , that young people do not give enough time helping their communities .
An article in a German magazine said , that today we live in a world of interships .
Whenever you have free time , you have to spend it sensible , which means by spending it in a way , that it looks good on your curriculum vitae .
Working in your community , helping old people for example , might look good on your CV because by that you can show your social skills .
But if that community work is senseless for your further professional life , you will not do it bacause there is no use for you .
That is how it works today .
Everything you do has to have a sense for your own future .
So if you want to proof your social skills , you would probably prefer picking out an internship or any other service , that is more linked with your future working goal .

One reason for this way of deciding , what to do , is competition .
In my opinion we live in a world of competition .
Not only in school or university , everyone is competing , whether it concerns your schoolmarks or your ability to make new friends .
Everything is a question of competition .

If you plan to work in your community in the future , helping your community is a possibility of raising your chance of getting a job later .
But because of competing against everybody around you , it is kind of out of fashion just to help somewhere out without getting a piece of paper , that says what you have done .

Maybe there are some people , who help their community without expecting to get a document afterwards but I think , this might only be few .
Further there might be persons who would like to hepl , but do not have the time to do so because of their professional life for example .

Helping in fact means , doing something without a reward .
Nobody I know has the time left to do something without getting a reward .

So I guess there are quite a lot of different reasons , wheather it is their profession , their goals or their opinion by not wanting to help their community because people think , nobody would help them , there are not many people left who actually help their community .
And I do not believe , that the number of people , who are willing to help will increase in the future .
Some people might say that young people nowadays have enough time to help the communities around them .
But , personally , I think young people had limited time to take part in the community activites .
Where I live , in Japan , the young people do not spend their time for communities .
So , I would like to illustrate the situations below .

Most importantly , young people in recent years tend to be more busier than those in previous years .
For example , the recent young people have to study from the morning to the midnight every day .
They have to go to junior or high schools and also have to go to the preparatory schools in order to get in a competitive Universities .
Moreover , they must take part in the club activities such as basketball club or Judo club after school to strengthen themselves physically and mentally .
I think there are more time for University students to help their communities than any other students in different ages .
But after graduated from University , young businessperson must work from early in the morning till midnight in Japan .
They could not afford to have sufficient dinner time because of the hectic schedules .
Therefore , they hardly have time to spend for community activities .

In addition , the young people tend to get involved with the familiar relationship in their spare time .
For instance , they pleasedly meet with their friends in weekends , however , they are likely to be reluctant to participate in the program to help their own communities .
There are not so many mutual relationship between the young people such as high school students and the people living in the area where the school locates or their own house locates .
Additionally , the many young people in their 20s now leave their own hometown toward the central city to live alone and enjoy their life times .
They increasingly tend to get involved with people in the close and comfortable relathionship .
It means that it become more difficult for the young people to get involived with local communities .

Considering from the point mentioned above , I think that young people do not have enough time to spend for community activities .
Personally , I hope that more young people help their communities to build the relationship between the people with different ages and in different situations and adults supports the young people .
Nowadays while some people like to travel in a group led by a tour guide , others like to travel alone .
Both of them have their own advantages and disadvantages .
In my experience , I agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tuor guide for several reasons .

First , traveling in a group led by a tour guide can help me manage my time efficiently .
A guide may know well the famous sites and places which visitors want to go and he can let me know about that within a short time .
For example , when I traveled in Florida a few years ago , at that time I did not know where to go and what to do .
Howeve , my aunt introduced her friend who had a guide job .
She kindly offered me riding and comforable places to relax as well as let me know the most famous places such as Disney World or Sea World .
Thanks to her , I did save my time of sightseeing and spend my free time efficiently .

Second , traveling in a group led by a tour is more enjoyable than traveling alone for me .
In a group , there are many people from different locals or countries .
With these people , I can share a lot of valuable nformation and can listen to their unique experiences .
It is a kind of interesting experience for my life .
When I was a college student , I travel in Canada .
In a group , I made some friends there , and still we keep in contact through email .

Last , traveling in a group led by a tour guide can enable me to save money .
He can tell me about information about the new countries such as how to spend money properly .
If I do not know the local living style , I might spend more money than I would expect .

To conclude , traveling alone or traveling in a group led by a tour guide have both benifits and drawbacks .
However , I agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide since it can help me make a plan more efficiently and save money and it is more exciting for me .
With this essay I will be discussing the question , whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
This question is certainly of material importance to our society .
Only with voluntary help certain areas of communities can still function and exist these days .
Let us discuss for instance the sporting area .
I have been the president of our local football-club for quite some time .
I made my way up coming from a member , becoming treasurer and finally the president .
Of course , this function is absolutely voluntarily and I have no monies or even thanks for that .
I did this because I have the strong believe that adults have the responsibility to guide younger generations .
By guidance I do not necessarily mean the education of the youth .
This is best done by their own parents .
No , by responsibility of guidance I mean that youth need to have alternative play grounds for their leisure-time .
Unfortunately , many young boys and girls finishing schools do not have the immediate opportunity to be recruited by firms .
They are looking around and try to find a suitable job or start an apprenticeship .
These days , where millions of employees look for job , especially youngsters with less experience find it difficult to find a job .
The risk here is , if you do not offer possibilities for their leisure-time , they might go wrong paths .
By that I mean misuse of drugs or alcohol for instance , but also crime .
Coming back to my football-club .
The age of the footballers ranged 16 to typically 25 years .
A very critical range of age , we have to observe .
We found it difficult by time to keep the youth interested in sport .
But it was possible with certain motivating factors such as praise and special organised events or even incentives , like new football-shoes .
However , when it came to organise events outside football like concerts or christmas parties we found it even more difficult to find volunteering youngsters .
Even the most finetuned tactics did not help to convince them that they have to help in organizing and helping at the event in order to get some cash money into the clubs account .
Anyway , generally spoken yes , youth does not give enough time to help their community .
On the other hand one has to consider that the interests are changing with the age .
One day they will be in the reign of a football-club and experience these things themselves .
Untill then it is up to us elderly experienced people to get the right direction for the youth .
Agree ?
When economy grows in a country , more people are able to purchase their own private cars .
In this regard , more people may have cars in twenty years in Thailand .
As far as Bangkok is concerned , however , I disagree that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Currently , too many cars are on road with less proper regulations and these cars have caused environmental and health problems .
Since these problems are geting more serious , the civil society , which may grow more in forthcoming decades in Thailand , urges the Thai Government to restrict the number of cars in Bangkok and the Government has started to take actions as follows .

First , the Thai Government has been aware of necessity of more public transportationss due to the current trafic situation in Bangkok .
In the morning and evening , people commuting by cars including their privaite vehicles and buses have to spend a lot of time ; this is really wast of time for individuals and the country 's development .
If people can use more varieties of trains with an affordable price and convenient manner , they will of course prefer using them .
In this sence , it is important for the Government to continue to develop the underground train and sky-train system not only in Bangkok but also its suverbs .
According to the plan of the Bangkok Metropolitan Authority , I am sure that a lot more lines of these trains will be constructed in twenty years .

Second , alike Singapre and other countries , the Government will enforce a proactive regulation for reducing the number of private cars in Bangkok .
For example , specific rush hours in morning and evening , a car should have 4 passengers including a driver .
Besides , when Bangkok has become more developed , the price of its real estate will increase .
Due to it , the parking lots will have to charge much more than now .
This has been seen already in a big city like Tokyo , where people avoid using their car for shopping since the parking fee is sometimes more expensive than their purchase at the shopping center .
I agree with the given statement which states that the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are number of reasons and examples that support this statement .

The objective information that most of the advertisements show seem very attractive to the public and in many cases that information might not be necessarily accurate .
I cannot comment that the information is incorrect , but some details might be hidden in the information that they show to the public .
The best example for this is the ` vehicle fuel economy ' numbers that the auto advertisements show .
If the vehicle is driven under specific conditions , the stated fuel economy can be achieved .
But practically , under normal driving conditions , it is simply not possible .

Another reason is that the fine print in the advertisements that people in general ignore and would face the consequences later .
As an example , once I opened the home equity line of credit account with a bank because the interest rates were lower .
I ignored the fine print which says that I need to pay huge penalty if I terminate the accouint with in 2 years after opening the account .
Interest rates went up soon after opening the account , and I had to pay fairly big amount to terminate my account with them .

The reasons and the examples explained here might be specific , but in general one way or the other , the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
And , I believe that one of the main purposes of the advertisements is exactly that .
This is one of the business strategies of most of the big companies to suceed in today 's business environment which is extremely competitive .

In conclusion , it is very obvious that most of the advertisemsnts make products seem much better than they really are .
And as discussed above , to some extent , it has become essential for many companies to follow this strategy to succed in the businees in current competetive environment .
First of all , most of the amusing , entertaining , relaxing along with learning from the existing or existed cultural peculiarities throughout the world can best happen when more people are involved with the activity .
However , this , ofcourse significantly depends onto the personalities and attitudes of the other people which you are travelling with as it is also pertains to you .
Usually , these kinds of travelling experiences are chosen to be made with the close relatives which gives the adequate familiarity and confidence to the tourists .
However , in my opinion every human being should experience different approaches towards touring with people from other nationalities or even with the people from same nation whom you are not known .
Personally , I have had several experiences where I have toured together with an American flutist , an Austrian Clarnettist , a Greek Violinist etc. , which are left indispensable impressions on me first of all with the conviviality of sharing and using different ideas that we all possess .
Incidentally , I remember an old statement which my grandmother used to say `` even the death is sweet with the plently of people in the most entertaining conditions '' and I guess this statement suggests that there are things which needs to be done with several people .
Actually , for some points I agree with the statement , and for some points I do n't .
Because , in my opinion , ` ideas and concepts ' and ` facts ' are two interrelated issues that can not be seperated .
I will explain this statement with some examples .

For instance , we can think about history .
In history , there are many facts which had also results that affected the world in a positive or negative way .
From a closer past , the war in Iraq will be a good example for a fact .
Of course , there are ideas and concepts behind this war , however , ` the actual war ' which is occuring has more significance .
If we are aware of this fact , if we know it , we can do something to stop it .
Ideas and concepts that will be thought as solutions , come after this realization of the situation .
Another example for history will be the agreements , negotiations between different countries .
These are facts to be known because they them are made at a specific time and some of them come to the present day .

As another example , from a different field , we can consider art and architecture .
Both of these areas create artifacts , art products .
But beyond that , they produce ` concepts ' , ` ideas ' and use the intellectual background of an individual ( trying to mean the artist , or the architect ) .
So , what affects an individual ?
The medium that he/she comes from , the different thoughts of philosophers , thinkers he / she pursued .
For instance , we can think about Leonardo da Vinci or Michel Foucault , or Frank Llyod Wright , or Zaha Hadid , and so on ...
Still , professionals are discussing their ` facts ' , which I understand as their art objects , books , or artifacts .
The purpose of these discussions is to figure out the main idea , the concept of the people .
Having any idea about these people leads them , encourages them to find out their own conceptual capacities .

In the light of these two examples from different fields , I want to emphasize that understanding ideas and concepts and learning facts have both equal importance for the students .
They are not free from each other , rather , they both depend on and affect each other .
A new idea comes from knowing the facts - and others ' opinions as well , and facts are results of specific ideas and concepts .
Living in a modern and high-paced society , with the gaining severity of competitions and the emphasis on personal achievements , people seem to have less concern on others .
With the changing of the living style , a community seems to have lost its previous function of holding every member together for people are more involved in personal activities .
And all these changes affect on the younger generation .
However , there seem to be a initiation of change in this minimizing time devotion to the community by young people .

The lost of devotion in the community has long been concerned by observers and scholars , thus , certain modifications are made in the educational system , such as that in the National Taiwan University which I am currently attending .
A special program is designed , aiming for students to provide services to the community .
This program is conducted by the advisors , and every univesity students would have to complete at least three semesters of services in order to graduate .
This serves as a response to the insufficent concern given by the young generation and is expecting the students to be inspired by this experience .

In the last semester , our advisor design a special service activity for our class .
By cooperating with a well-known organization which provides help to the homeless , the elderly , and the people who are suffering from brain damage , my classmates and I were able to provide services to these minorities of the society .
After a official training course , we helped the patients to bath , talked with the elder people who lived alone , and helped the organization to hold activities during special occasions like the mother 's day .
In participation , we were able to discover that not only us , but many younger students from junior high schools were seen helping in the organization , along with lots of volunteers .
I personally bathed a patient under the professional assistance of the students from nursery school .
Seeing all these young people , as old as or even younger than my age , devoting their time helping others deeply moved me .

We were asked to write reports according to the services , and the responds where enthusiatic .
One of the reports even appeared on the school news paper .
Further cooperation is established , and is expected to rouse more response among these once `` unconcerned '' young people .

Under the tutoring and properly designed program , the young people , who are once closing in the small academic world , are able to reach out their arms and to embrace the others - within the community , and hopefully to the whole human beings .
Being a successful person makes yourself responsable on maintaining that success in many different aspects .
I completely agree on the fact that successfull people should try new things and take risk because it will give the person confidence , experience , knowlegde , independence among other characterics that a successful person should have and never forget .

One point in favour is that successful people should try new things to get experience even in things that have anything to do with their area of success .
In fact , a successful person has usually studied before and has a good level of education and experience on its field to achive her o his success correctly .
For example , a successful colombian singer who goes to music school in Colombia and then goes to a music academy in India will have not only the knowledge of Indian music but the experience of being in another country surrounded with a different culture and people .
Furthermore , this will give the Colombian singer a range of new ideas that will probably be reflected in new styles of music , lyrics that he or she will manage to learn and use due to the experience of being in India .

Another point to support the importance of taking risk is the fact that you never know what is going to happen in the future .
Taking a risk being successful helps already because of the prestige that your name already has .
For instance , my dad to the risk of quiting his last job because he wanted an independent company even thou he had a good salary .
However , he manage to create his new coal company with old working partners that he met during a conference in last job where he was very successful as the general administrator of a marine port .
His success and popularity in his last job helped him after many years to gain the confidence and trust of new working partners .

Finally , to maintain success you have to take risks in life
Fifty years have witnessed the rapid development of the car industry .
Nowadays , the topic wether there will be fewer or more cars in use in twenty years than that of today has been hotly debated .
Although some people hold the opinion that there will be more cars in twenty years because of the develop of the ecnomy , some people believe that the car numbers will become fewer .
Personally , I am one of those believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years .
My view will be greatly sustantiated by the following discussions .

The most persuasive point is that the science tecnologies are rapidly developping now .
That means there will be some other veicles subsititue cars .
According to some available surveys , it is said that over 60 percentages companies which are faminiar for their car producing are engaging in inventing new veicles .
For example , the Toyota company in Japan has invest over 7 billions to invent new veecles , and some new productions were showed in the presentations during the past few years .

Furthermore , the resouces in our planet are not allow too much cars which comsume a great mount of energy to run in our society .
accompaning with the development of the groble ecnomic , more and more countries especially China consum a lot fuels .
Not only do the gas has been greatly reduced but also other resurces .
It is commonly believed that cars pay an important role in the reductions .
If the number of cars are more that that of today , what other resouces will be provided to cars .

In addition , the environments in the world areworsen now .
There is a strong lik between an increasing the car numbers and the worsen pollution in our world .
You imagine what it will be when almost every people drive themselves to work .
Recently , the stradegy of sustainable development has been widely spreaded , Many measures relate to the policy will help the world to get fewer cars .

Taking into account all these factors which sometimes correatle together to generate an integrate whole and thus become more coving than any single one of them , we may safely draw the conclusion that the car numbers will be reduced in twenty years , that means there will be fewer cars than that of today .
I disagree with this statement because it 's true that is necessary for students to understand better the concepts and the ideas showed from the theory but I think if students do n't learn facts and do n't learn the way in wich all facts are produced and could be solved , they are not well preparated for the daily life and for taking the work they are studying for .
Now I 'm going two show two examples about my life in order to support my theory .

I 'm studying Business at Politecnico of Milan .
All courses that I have done during my bachelor degree and also courses that I 'm making in my Master Of Science , spend so much time for showing ideas and concepts and not for presenting facts .

In one bachelor courses called ECT ( Economic and Technological Changes )
I have studyed a lot of theories , for instance the theory of Monopolio , Porter 's theory about the four forces that are important in the regulation of enterprice 's business , but our professor spent less time on the cases , on the reality .
The result of this course was that all of the students were n't able to solve a case studies and were n't able to solve a real problem .

I had got the same problem also in my MOS , because all the subjects that we have to sustain in order to take ours Master Degree provide only for a teoric preparation based on concepts , ideas but there is a great gap related to the understanding of the facts .

For instance , three days ago I have done an exam called Econometrics that is statistics applyed to economics .
But there were only models to write but nothing related to facts .

I think that for students , learning concepts and ideas is very important , in fact if they do n't have a great theorical base they ca n't give brilliant solutions to solve any problems .
But also is important that they learn facts , the way these facts are produced and the best way to solve them .
I totally agree with the statement because not only I find that memorizing facts is most of the time totally useless , but I strongly believe that there is no use in learning if students cannot apply the acquired information in different ways .

Facts such as dates , names , places , and definitions are recorded in books , encyclopedias , newspapers , and electronic documents .
There is no point in spending time memorizing them , when we can have access to such data if we know how and where to find it .
Rather than having students memorize the meaning of a word , they should be taught how to look it up in a dictionary .
Instead of asking students to memorize facts in a particulary history passage , they should be presented with such information just to help them understand the background in which a historical moment took place .

When students are given the opportunity to transfer the ideas and concepts that are being taught into different situations , particularly when those situations are closely related to the student 's reality , the learning process `` sets in '' .
Show them the relationship between speed , distance , and time on the blackboard , and most of them will not be able to understand it .
But ask them what happens if they are late for their first class , and most of them will answer without any hesitation that they would drive faster .

In my experience as a Computer Science teacher who teaches programming in a local high school , I 'd rather have my students try to figure out how to solve a particular problem by understanding what needs to be done , than letting them worry about the implementation details .
This approach is not easy for them at the beginning : they want to know how all instructions in a particular language are written , and they often feel frustrated when instead of giving them the answer right away , I ask them to check the developer 's documentation .

Once they understand that the language details are not important , because they can always go and check how a particular instruction is written or can be used , they can focus on what is truly important in computer programming : developing the skills that are needed to solve any given problem .

The most rewarding comment I have had in these 12 years as a Computer Science teacher came from a student that is now in College studying a major in Engineering .
I found him this morning here , at the IBT Testing Center , and he said : `` Ms .
Cannon , thank you for teaching me problem-solving .
You ca n't imagine how I still use the strategies that you taught me in your class , even in subjects that do not have anything to do with engineering . ''
Young people are the fundamental building blocks of any community .
They are its foundation , whether it be culturally , politically or even socially .
I believe that young people contribute precious time to helping their communities as they are well sensitised to the problems that it faces .

The youth of any country is an essential ingredient in the larger matrix of a well-knit community .
Young people , through various media and other fora , like television , the internet , are exposed to the grond realities in their community .
Education also informs them about the problems plaguing their community , and modes and methods of resolving these problems .
For example , by the constructive use of demonstrations and petitions , students in India have been at the vanguard of a silent yet sturdy movement seeking to transform the current status quo of lethargy and sloth in politics into one of efficiency and nimbleness .

With the advent of the internet , the young people have found an articulate mouthpiece .
They are frequently expressing their opinions through blogs and what have you may .
Owing to their adaptive and dynamic nature , the youth has its finger firmly on the community 's pulse .
With the rapid pace with which the different forms of communication emerge , the youth are sure to become major shareholders in the future from being mere stakeholders as of now .

However , such fervour on part of the youth should be guided by experienced and responsible members of the community .
At times , unregulated action by the youth has led to catastrophies .
For example , during the Cutlural Revolution in China , the Red Guards , as the youth was referred to , at the behest of Chairman Mao Zedong , without any inkling as to how to improve their society , lead to the killing and slaughter of intellectuals , the very intellectuals who were agents of change in the community .

In conclusion , the youth has done its fair share of community service .
In fact , they have been welcome agents of change amidst a sea of senility and inaction by previous generations .
The role essayed by them will only increase in size and stature as time progresses .
I agree to the statement proposed .
In my view it is very important that one shoould undersatnd the ideas and concepts before they sit down to learn the facts .

I would like to support this statement by giving a personal example .
I am a student studying in the 12th grade .
Today the concepts and facts that i need to learn are not very easy .
Definately , a lot of hard work goes into learning them !
But , if i sit down and understand why and what i am doing. , then it definately makes it much simpler for me to go through an entire chapter .
I think this is the case with many of my friends too .

I would also like to put down the fact that i am a student who has shifted from the normal C.B.S.E an indian borad to the International Baccalaureate because of one simple reason .
At my earlier school the standard norm was that of rote-learning .
We would just have to mug up the entire text book and regurgirate it on our exam papers ..
but my current school helps us understand what we are doing .
They make us do activities and give us explanantions on what we are going to do and why .
This really helps me and my peers to learn faster .

So , I very strongly believe that what ever we do has to have a great deal of understandingbehindit , before we jump in to learn the facts .

We should always ask ourselves a set of standard questions before we jump into a task or start learning facts that we dont undersatnd or we dont have the basic knowledge about .
Most importantly , WHY ?
why is it that i'am doing this ?
WHAT ?
what is it that i am doin ?
What am i going to gain out of this ?
WHERE ?
where is it going to leed me ?

I think by answering these questions we make a very good and learned individual .
We do understand and definately , learn better !!
Did one ever asked themself the question how the world would like in twenty years ?
I guess everyone did .
I am asked to write an essay about the following statement `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
Today it is the year of 2006 .
Twenty years from now would be 2026 .

Popular thoughts against cars are that they are not good for our enviroment ( ozon ) so that it would be much better for the nature if the people would use trains .
As well as the argument that if one takes the train one will not have to mess with traffic .
Those ideas might contribute to the statement that there are going to be fewer cars in use than there are today .

In my opinion I do not think that there are going to be less cars in use .
A car is a really nice way to get from point A to point B. One is not dependent on the bus or the train .
It is nice to have the opportunity to use public transportation but one also has to rely on them .
Most of the time the bus does not drive when one wants to be at a certain place .
For example , if a student wants to be at school at 8.00 a.m. but the bus only arrives there either at 8.05 or at 7.35 , he will have to be 5 minutes late or wait for half an hour .
Having a car is much more convenient for that matter .

I am sure that people will not stop driving cars because of them harming the ozon .
People destroy nature all the time .
People already know about the problem and do not do anything about it so they will not stop driving all the sudden because of that matter .

If one takes a closer look at the argument that traffic might people hold back from using cars , one can see that a train or bus has its places where they need to stop and their certain routes .
By taking a bus one might even waste more time than being stuck in traffic .

It always depends on where on lives though .
I would recommend taking the train in large city like NYC .
But taking the car outside of the city .
I came to the conclusion that one needs to differenciate between the city and the suburbs/country .
I think that in twenty years from now cars will be used fewer in the cities but in the suburbs just as much as today .
I believe that this statement holds a great deal of truth .
To be successful , we must get rid of our tunnel-visioned outlook on life , and open ourselves up to new challenges .

I see success as a relative concept .
Upon achieving a goal , I may belive that I have succeeded , yet someone else may see my success as quite ordinary and dull .
This is due to the fact that each and every individual sets their goals differently from one another .

I can recall many moments in my life when I had the opportunity to try new things .
Unforunately , I can also recall moments when these opportunities were not taken .
One of these distinct memories is of the track and field competition that was held annualy at my school .
Every year , my friend Alexander and I participated in the same races because we were used to them .
I would always come first in the long jump , and Alexander would be first on the short-distancd sprints , since he suffered from asthma and could not take the longer-distanced races .

Year after year , the races were the same for me and Alexander , and our triumphant victories over the other particpants seemed to become trite as the years passed .
After the fourth year , it did not seem like a success to us .
It lost its element of surprise and astonishement .

When the fifth year came , I was sure we would participate in the same races , which by that time , seemed more boring to us that a four hour TOEFL exam .
However , I was surprised to see Alexander sign up for the one kilometer race .
I asked him what would happen if his asthma kicked in .
I will never forget his reply .
`` The only way to succeed over my asthma , '' he said , `` is to challenge it with something new . ''

That year , Alexander did not come first on the race .
Yet he succeed .
How , you may ask .
He managed to come out victorious from his battle against his asthma , by trying something new and challenging .
I ended up getting my fifth gold medal for the long run competition .
Now I urge you to ask yourself .
Did I succeed , or did Alexander succeed ?
Almost everybody hate changes .
A lot of people want to stay where they are because they believe they are satisfied with what they have and are doing right now .
However many cases in the history have shown us that the people with open mind and people who are not afraid of new things have always defeated old styled and conventional people .
These are fews things why the people who try new things and risk their position win in the end .

Most importantly , your environment doe n't always stay the same .
The society keeps on changing .
Sometimes it is changed by the creative inventions like cars or the internet .
Successful people always sensed this change in the society and seized the chance .
For example , who could have thought that everybody would have personal computers in almost every house about 30 years ago ?
However , Bill Gates knew the world would change .
He took the risk of dropping out of school and establishing his own company that produce software and finally achieved success .

Secondly , nobody knows what they are really good at or are interested in until they try new things .
Taking the chance to really find your talents is important .
Successful people have n't always been successful .
After many failure , they finally found their talent and could at last be successful .
Some might be doing all right because they have been doing the same kind of job over and over again .
However , if they just tried something more , they could have found their talent and be more successful .

One should n't always fear failing and taking the risk .
When you fall down , you could always stand up and run for the success all over again .
When you just do what you are currently doing and never seize the chance , you might earn your living .
However , to succeed , I strongly think that one should always look for new things .
It would not be incorrenct to suggest that people enjoy their live when they are younger .
Provided almost every elderly people somehow complain about their current conditions and remember the ` old nice days ' with a pleasent smile on their faces , one may easily consider that there is more joy in being young .

People have always been interested in finding ways of staying young .
Many stories have been told about legendary fountains of life , secret formulas of miracleous drinks that prevents aging in almost every society .
How cruel may a person become is descibed in some sagas in search of eternity .
Therefore , youngness has become an equal term to beauty in our modern lives .

However , it is not only about appearence .
Presumably , humanbeing has the most beautiful stature when he is young .
On the other hand , there are some other factors that make it more appealing .
First of all , young people are indisputably healtier than the elder ones .
This simply make life much enjoyable .
How many of us have ever heart of someone with sickness and a sheer enjoynment on his face at the same time ?

Besides , young people have much time to devote recreational activities .
Concerns of a full-time employee or a parent are usually far from their minds .
Thus , they can spare more happy moment with their friends , families or other people they hold dear .
Even during their education , the curricula are desingned to ensure that they will learn with minimum level of boredome .

In conclusion , life may not be alvays fair for an elder person .
The more responsibiulity brings the more matters of concern .
That is what aging provides .
And we have nothing to stop that but being with people whom we love instead of spending our fortune on cosmetics , beauty spas and anti-aging therapists .
The issue of the extension of knowledge , of wether it is better to know about a lot of topics , or to know very much about a specific topic , requires , to be sorted out , the asumption of what do people consider good to be ?
Indeed , some people will only be concerned by practical issues and will tend to regard a good thing as a usefull thing , whereas some other people will look at knowledge as a end and will be prone to learn about everything .
My opinion is quite divided , and will be respectively explained according to these two points .

I am actually interested in a lot a subjects , and although I chose scientific studies , I am quite intereted in art or litterary subjects , such as painting and history .
In that way , I consider learning to be a real pleasure , and not a means .
Even if I know that they want be usefull to achieve the vital things , it does not matter to me .
Moreover , I really think that it contributes to open my mind to various people and cultures , and that it make my personnality develop .
Besides , I am also interested in cars mechanics , which allow me to avoid very difficult situations !
As a consequence , being interested a lot of various topics can also be usefull , and growing one 's knowledge is never wasted time .
However , I truly think that , most jobs , at a time or another , really requires an expertise a its core field , to reach an important efficiency , which implies a specialization in a specific subject .

For a majority of jobs , it is needed to focus on a main issue , all the more that if something is at stake , and there is no time for unnessary things .
For example , I am supposed to be an ingeneer , and it is absolutely necessary that I specialize in a field , so that I can become able to solve given complicated problematics .
Every one needs to be honest and acknowledge that no one can know every thing .
It is incoditionnal to specialize to reach a high level of skills , and to be good at work .

To conclude I would say that it de
It is often said that knowing a variety of subjects is better than concentrating only one subject .
Some people might disagree with this statement because they believe that specializing one major can help them to be more successful .
However , I strongly support the idea in the statement since having a lot of knowledge is very useful in one 's life as well as helps students to study better .

To begin with , studying many subjects is very useful .
It is no secret that we live in a complex society that is consisted of many aspects .
Therefore , you can use your broad knowledge during your life .
A shining example of this is one 's hobby ; Even though your major is business , for instance , you would probably enjoy your hobby such as listening to music , going to the gallary , etc .
If you have a broadened knowledge about these things by taking a music or art class , it will be helpful to you when you enjoy them .
Therefore , it is obvious that various subjects can be used many times .

It is also true that many subjects have something to do with each other .
It is especially true because there is no independent subject in the world .
In other words , all subjects are linked together .
Here is what I have seen myself .
My major is languge .
However , I am taking not only classes that are my major but also one physiology class .
In my major class , I study about human 's brain that is related to ability to speak .
Also , in the physiology class , I learn about haman 's brain , too .
This is an evidence that language and physiology are related subjects .
Given this , a lot of subjects can help one to study one 's major better .

In conclusion , I firmly believe that it is more important to have a variety of information in many subjects than only one major .
That is because it is useful as well as improves your study .
Therefore , if I can , I want to study more kinds of subjects in the future .
Now a days in this globalised world people need fast modes of transportation to move from one part of the world to other .
In that process people will choose many sources of transportations .
Cars play on of the vital roles in the transportation in those many sources

Now in this 20th century people are giving a lot of importance to time and they are trying to make their time to travel lesser .
That is they are trying to see that they waste minimum time .
And I hope this busy life would become even more in future say after 20 years or after any number of years .
So people will not find themselves wasting time .

Now many of people are using cars as their mode of transportation and so due to the busy schedules in life they try to use much more faster way to transport .
That is they try to find cars which are much faster than the present age .
In my opinion usage of cars will ever increase but not decrease .

In developing countries like United States of America , United Kingdom and some other places people use cars for many resons .
They use cars for not wasting their time in transportation , and even prefer cars for comfortable journey .
In Developing countries and in under developed countries the people not only maintain cars for have a comfortable journey but also people maintain cars as a symbol of prestige .

Coming to the point of protection we recieve from cars we can protects ourselves from environmental pollutions like dust , smoke , frost , etc .
And from climatic conditions like extreme cold , snow , rain .
hot sun etc .

Many can mention a point about extiction of resources like shortage of diesel , petroleum etc , may happen due to the extensive usage of cars .
But once we see that there are many uses through cars , then we can do a lot of research works to find out other sources for running the car .
Alternative resources are seen in such a way that the extiction of petroleum products will not affect the uasge to cars .

And we cant even dream about the times were usage of cars is reduced .
One great example is that the rate of manufacturing of the cars is increasing day by day .
The companies of car manufacturing products are also increasing day by day .
Not only just increasing but also profiting themselves with gains .

So in view of all the above mentioned conditions one would prefer to purchase a car if he doesnot have any , or to purchase another one if he already have one .
So obviously there will be increase in usage of cars even in 20 years from now .
And preciesly not only just 20 years but also more number of years .
As a graduate , I think it is better to specialize in one specific subject .
Specializing in one subject gives you a chance to read the subject in depth , gives you ample opportunity to undertake research on the selected subject and will also let you focus on learning specific skills that will compliment your chosen profession .

By specializing in one subject , you can learn that subject in depth .
For example , I have done my Bachelor 's in Physical Therapy .
I have a general idea about all the specialities like orthopedics , neurology , cario-respiratory , pediatrics to name a few .
But my real interest is in Geriatrics which is just a part of a course curriculum .
it does not deal the subject in depth .
If I decide to study this subject , I will not only learn the generalities of it but also the unique features of this speciality .
Things like what kind of exercises suit better , how frequently should the sessions be administerd , what are the special things to be kept in mind during the therapy sessions and also about the psychological aspects .
So as I said it gives you an in-depth knowledge about a subject .

Secondly , you get enough time and also ample opportunity to work on a research .
When you take up a single subject , you concentration is centered on the subject .
You do n't have distractions like lots of assaignments to do , term papers to submit , multiple exams to give .
So you have lots of time in your hand to concentrate only the selected subject .
You can also do some research work , like for example , what is the effect of Ultra-sound therapy on back pain in older people .
Is it the same as in the adults ?

Finally , the skills .
You can learn new skills that will compliment your profession .
For example , I know manipulations of different types , that will help in the treatment of joint problems .
But will these manipulations help the older people .
Will they be effective on them or cause more harm .
If they are not useful , then that means that I have to learn some alternative skills that will help them better ..
This is one such example .
I may learn yoga , because it is very safe and effective .
I will learn those skills that more gentle and more effective , specifically suiting the old people .

To conclude , I can say I like to specilaize in one subject because I am a graduate .
This does not mean that studying many academic subjects is not good .
It is the best if you are an undergraduate .
You get to know the different subjects and what they deal with .
You can also decide as to which subject is more interesting to you and suits you and decide upon your carrer .
Studying many academic subjects has got its own advantages but they do n't suit my needs as I have already passed that part of my life and settled into a profession .
All I need now is to study the subject of my interst and specialize in it .
I agree with the saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
As in many cases i have seen products are generally low quality products , particulary in the case of eatables and face creams or hair gells .
The company simply makes fool of people by showing there product as the ultimate product you are looking for .
It makes false promises to people about its quality and its effectiveness .

I remember one instance what happened in India few years ago , a lot of pesticides were found in coca colas and pepsi drinks .
These drinks were found unsuitable and unfit for drinking purpose but still they were sold in indian market without controlling those pesticides in them .
I think they wereselling just because of there huge brand names Which i think is really unethical on part of bussiness .

I remember one more instance , i brought one fairness cream , its advertisement showed a person getting fairer and fairer day by day by using that product so i thaught of buying that and finally when i brought it and used it it caused some rashes on my skin so finally i had to consult doctor who reccomended not to use that cream anymore .

So this is how things worked .
In my opinion companies should not make any false promises or those promises which will not come true to there customers .
In that way they are decreasing there long run profits and peoples faith on them .
However advertising is the best way tointoduce and launch new products in the market and make people aware of different substitutes available for the product in the market .
Thus creating healthy competition in the market for the companiesand allowing new entries in market .
The programs of study courses require a thorough preparation and in order to make the best choices in this preparation you should keep in accountvarious factors , for instance what is most important for a student to learn and here comes our question : is it more important for a student to understand ideas and concepts or to learn facts ?

I do n't completely agree with the statement that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts because I think that both things are important : understandig ideas and concepts is necessary because theory is the basis of any subject and you must know it , on the other hand , if you only know theoretical ideas and concepts you wo n't be in touch with the reality and , as a consequence , you probably wo n't be able to use your theoretical knowledge in practice .
Furthermore you should n't forget that theory comes from experince and the object of experience are facts so , in order to have a complete view of things , a student should both understand concepts and ideas and learn about facts .

Concepts do n't come out of nowhere , for instance , a lot of scientific discoveries aroused from noticing some unusual facts that were analysed and led to some theories that were demonstrated .
Therefore , if we only understand and memorise concepts and ideas we miss a lot of elements that helps us to understand things more in depth .

A good example of how learning facts is as important as understanding concepts and ideas can be given by the study of history : if we study a political theory , we understand it in depth but we do n't have any idea of how it was actually implemented we will have just a partial view of this idea , based only on theoretical elements and we wo n't be able to figure out wether it is good or not wether it is realistic or not wether the man who elaborated was right or not in his view .

In conclusion a must say that , in my opinion students should both understand concepts and ideas and learn facts .
After careful scrutiny the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' renders to be unconvincing as it stands .

First of all people in young age will yet be premature and they are in such stage where they will be facing the ebbs and tides of life whereas old people have crossed all these stages of their life .
Young people will be struggling with their studies and then to make it high in their life .

The argument is premature as it is cited that old people enjoy more than young people .
They might party during weekends with friends and think that is enjoying while passing through all kinds of stresses like thinking about the grades they might get , nearing deadlines of their assignments , fights with friends while the old people have nothing of this sort to do and they have the whole day to laze about .

After studies they might be thinking what to do next , searching for a proper job to settle down and even if they land in a job they will be required to complete projects within the pertained deadlines and that will consume many sleepless nights .
They wo n't be having much time to spend with family and due to frustration they will be shouting at people .

They will also have the problems of jealous colleagues , a complaining boss who is never satisfied with the work .
Moreover the children will be nagging to take them on a holiday .
The Young people are Prone to endless blues .
They will be feared of what the boss might say as they were running late to the office .

In sum there are lot more problems the Young people face while the old people can spend time in each others company as they have full leisure after retirement and as elder citizens they are respected a lot .
They have gone through all these problems in life already .
They can plan Holidays and surprises for others as are free from all those burdens which the Young face .
Finally the old people should not be seen as crutches that dissuade the society but must be treated with respect and in comparision they enjoy more than the younger lot in their prime time .
When people think of making an advertisement for any kind of purpose , they always want to make consumers to get the right idea , or at least understand it .
For this purpose to function , the advertisement has to be perfect .
So , it may be true that adevertisements make products look better than they really are , although that does n't mean the product is bad .

The purpose for advertisement is to sell , or to change ways of thinking in peoples mind .
An easy example , is fast food restaurants .
They will never give a product as good as it appears in menu , but you will still buy it .
This means that since the moment you leave that restaurant , you will always now that the meal you had will not look like he one in the menu .
Still the restaurant will keep on adevertising their new meals or new promotions in the street or in their menu 's to create a confussion on the costumers mind , but make them think that the meal looks exactly as it is in the adevertisement .

If advertisements were not as perfect as they are today , they would not sell .
The point is to make people decide for something that they may no be convinced for .
So , if the advertisement shows the perfect way for people to get convinced for something , why not make them better than they really are .

This may create problems also , because you can loose clients everytime you give them something that is not what they expected , but as I said at the beginning the advetisement can be better than the real product , but it does n't mean that the prodcut is bad .
Maybe the client can no be as satisfied at the beginning but if the company tries its best apart of the advertisement to make the costumer think the product is good , this one will forget how the advertisement looked like .

In conlusion , the advertisement is a part of a strategy to sell products , but it is the first one to be seen by future custumers .
This means that its good to make them better than they really are , but there has to be a good job to satisfy the client in the moment of purchase and the moment of atending the cliente so the product will never be a bad product , although it seems better in the advertisement .
I completely and loudly disagree with the statement - `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one subject '' .
Agreeing to it sounds like one is agreeing to `` it is better to have one foot on one boat and the other on another than both feet one a single boat '' .

The given statement reminds me of a famous Aesop 's tale in which a young boy learns , unfortunately after his death , that if he had dug a well instead of digging several potholes , he would had not died of thirst .

Specializing in one specific subject is like climbing a ladder while trying to get knowledge of many academic subjets is like trying to hold many branches of a very broad and high tree .
It is obvious which one is more fruitfull , which one is easier , which one is wiser and which one is better .

It is better to be a full artist than a quarter mathematician , a quarter chemist , a quarter biologist and a quarter physist .
The world remembers names of Newton , Einsten , Shakespeare because they specialised in their fields , not because of their part-time jobs or knowledge .
In today 's world of sheer competition it is not important for a student to have gained many bachelor 's degree in many fields but to have a specialization in one particular field , if he wants to secure a good job and future .
One should always remenber that it is better to be master of a single trade .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I agree with the issue stated above .
The detials and examples listed below states my view on this issue .

Its a known fact that cars accomodate fewer people when comapred to busses and trains .
lets us say for example there are 100 passengers for all these persons in order to accomodate a bus requires 2 busses in case of a car the number is large say around 25 cars .
we have to use fuel in order to run these cars and busses .
compare the fuel that is wasted when we use 2 busses and 25 cars the fuel wastage is heavy when we use cars .
So that we can save some fuel for future generations .

Another reason is that as more cars are moving there will be more amount of pollution on the earth the pollution in turn effects health of many people .
for example some cities in italy celebrate one day in a year as cars day on that day no car will be in the streets the main purpose of this is to celebrate one day with out pollution which clearly state that riding more number of cars will have a devastating effect on the environment and the fuel prices are increasing rapidly it is very difficult for common people to maintain a car so they wo n't use a car frequently .

The other reason is that in these present days global warming has increased rapidly which means the temperature on the earth surface is increasing rapidly this cause melting in polar ice caps if it happens so many of the parts in this world will be submearged .
Of course cars are not only the means that are causing this however if we reduce the usage of cars we can reduce it somehow .
So in future government of various countries will took necessary steps to use fewer cars .

In conclusion cars are not only the only means for transportation but there are some other means of transport which can be used by the public in effective ways so fuel can be saved for the future generations .
Hence after twenty years fewer cars will rum on the road .
I do not agree with the topic that `` It is better to specialize in one subject only '' because in the present computerized world people are expected to do many things at a time.a broader knowledge of many academic subjects will give the person to make himself with any type of environment .
The world is not isolated every company have different jobs to do .
I mean every company is dealing with many activities and expecting people to have the basic skills to perform reasonably good in every activity .

For example take a company say IBM one of the biggest company in the world .
There are many branches in the say Hardware , Software and so on .
Many times People from one branch are shifted to other branch depending on the work and he is expected to do well in that branch also .
Without having the basic skills in other academics he cannot perform in that branch .

But for a department like Research this may not sound good there people are expected to invent something new for the future use of society .
In this case the person is expected to focus more on which he is doing research .
Even then he need some basic skills in other academics .
For example if a person is doing research in VLSI designing , along with Electronics he has to be familiar with Electrical technology , Embeded systems , Computer sciences .
This is because every academic subject is related to other academic subjects .
No subject is isolated from the other academic subjects .

From the above points discussed i would like to summarize my topic that it would be better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Broader the knowledge , broader will be the choice and a better future .
Things in life are usually not black or white .
It is difficult to say if it 's better to work on having a broad knowledge on many different academic subjects or to put that same amount of effort on specializing on an specific field .
In my opinion it all depends on the short term objectives of the student which is , after all , closely related to the age .

For young age students who are in school , high-school or even in the first years of university , studying a broad knowledge of a variety of subjects will probably be more suitable .
Diversity is basic in these stages for various reasons .
First of all , students need to obtain certain level of general culture , what includes history , geography , maths , literature , grammar , sciences ...
It also needs to be taken into account that some subjects interact with each other .
Someone ca n't study physics with no math knowledge , so a variety of fields need to be covered .
Finally , it is also important for young students to become familiar with a variety of fields so that they can choose what they would like to specialize on in the future : it would n't be sensible to let a ten year old chose if he wants to study only biology f just because he likes that particular subject at that stage , for example .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what the like , and the way of obtaining it is simply studying a broad syllabus .

However when considering adult students , priorities obviously change .
For people in their late university years or in graduate courses specializing in a particular subject is basic .
The most important reason is that companies require specialists to cover job positions .
Companies are not usually interested in people who only know a little bit about lots of subjects .
They look for indivuduals who are proficient and have a deep knowledge and understanding of specific fields and industries .
If the candidate additionally has a broad knoowledge of other things it can then be considered as a plus , but the first characteristic is that he/she is a specialist in a particular subject .

As a conclusion it could be said that the age of the student is the best indicator to determine whether it is more suitable to study a broad selection of subjects or to focus all the effort in an specific field .
When one goes on to pursue a higher level of eductaion , one normaly has the choice to major in a specific subject or have a broader and more general approach to several subjects .
Normally , one 's first year of university is where he or she makes that discision and sticks with it for four years .
Which f the two would i prefer ?
In this essay i will demonstrate why choosing a specific subject to specialize in would be the better way to go .

Today , jobs are becoming harder and harder to find .
After universtiy , I either have to choice to cary one with a higher level of study and master the subject i majored in or to move on into the working world .
Every person 's goal in life is to achieve wealth and happiness , but how would one reach that goal if he or she is n't qualified enough .
Companies are looking for fresh garduates who have studied in a specific field and know what they are doing .
They must also have a minimum of experience that goes along with the extensive studying .
Once he or she have passed their learning process they can move on to use their ares of expertease in the working world where they will acquire good jobs and be well paid and maybe some day be the top of their field .

Studying with a broad knowledge and not specificly have an area of expertease may have one advantage and that is where he or she had a more enteresting learning experience and a wider general knowledge .
But this waya of learning is n't complete one ca n't find good work if he or she is n't well trained in a specific field .
And I think that haveing a job is more important than having a wide general knowledge .

In conclusion one must focus in a single are of study to achive high goals in life and reach welath and happiness as it is the most important thing to support a family and live a fullfilled life .
I totally disagree with the statement ` Young People enjoy life more than older people do ' , being in my youth at the age of seventeen I trully feel my level or energy of enjoyment is way greater than that of my uncles and aunts , but this dose n't necessarily mean that people who are older do n't enjoy life .

Young people have different kinds of enjoyment in life , as they have a lot of vigour , passion , aggression to do something or to be someone and to enjoy life simultaneously , whereas older people have vigour , passion and aggression for other things which do n't show as they have been through all the ages , they used to enjoy life differently and now they enjoy life as they have attained most of their goals and dreams .
I would like to tell you about an example , my dream is to have a house in Australia for which I have to work hard , whereas people who have already achieved things are enjoying their life .
There are different types of enjoying life by young people and older people , I would certainly call river raftin , trekking , playing in the snow , watching movies etc. enjoying life to the fullest , whereas my dad and mom would call Cruises , going to meuseums , go for classical music concerts enjoying life .
So there is a generation gap , but this dose n't mean that my parents are enjoying life lesser than I am .

Its not about how much you enjoy its about how you enjoy life , and that can be same for young people as well as older people .
Young people have the time to enjoy life , whereas older people have less time to enjoy it , but all of this depends on how much you are willing to sacrifice just to enjoy life .
So at the end of the day you are just trying to enjoy life and not measure who actually enjoyed more or enjoyed less .
I do not agree with this statement even fi I would like this forcasting was true .
In the next years our cities will be crowded with much more cars that today .
Firs of all people really need their cars in everything they do especially if they work far form their homes .
Public trasportations are not good enough to make people change their habits .
They are always late and dirty , this is because the state does not invest enough in improving public services .
if it takes 30 minutes to go from home to my office by car and it takes 50 minutes by train because it is always late i will never change my routines and i will always keep using my car every morning .

Secondly the increasing number of cars in use is also due to the widespread wealth that there is in our cities .
For instance in Italian families there is a mean of 3 cars every 2 persons .
Many people buy cars not because they need them but because they have a lot of money to spend and so they buy stuff they do not really need .
Since in many cities the wealth is increasing if think that in 20 years we will have much more cars than today in our cities .

This will be a huge problem for the environmental stanpoint , I think that there are two possible solution , the first one is an agressive solution while the second one is a proactive solution aimed at making people collaborate .

A first potential solution is to forbid the use of cars in downtown during working days so that people would be forced to use public trasportation .
A second potential solution could be about investing some money , raised with taxes , in improving the efficiency of public trasportations .
I think that in this way poeple would decide voluntarly to use subways and trains instead of their own cars .

Instead I think that there is no solution concerning the habits of buying too many cars compared with needs .
In conclusion I think that even if some actions will be undetaken to reduce the number of cars in use , the results will be anyway an increase cars in the next years .
This question has two answers for me , because I agree and disagree at the same time .
I will first tell you why I think it is better to be specialized on one subject , and then I will explain to you why for me you gain more by having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

First of all I have to say that if you know a lot about a great deal of subject you can not be a specialist in one subject .
You can talk about a lot of thinks , but you will keep on talking about the basics of those thinks .
You would not be able to go deep into a conversation .

However on the other hand I think it is more interesting to learn about different topics .
I do not think your brain is limited to a number of knowledge , so for me it is always good to learn new things .
The more you know about things , the more you are open minded .
I personaly think it is very important to be open minded , because then you become more tolerant , and you accept more , and learn more again .
If you know a large range of things , you are also able to talk about more things , so you are not left over on certain conversations .

In my opinion it is very important to be curious , to discover and to experiment a lot of things .
The more you do , the more you learn , and life become more interesting .
However it is also necessary to be specialised in one subject .
When you are specialised you become more precise , and you can go deeper into the subject , it become more interesting than to stay on the basics of one subject .
Like everything in life it is a question of balance .
I totally agree with this statement , although it is rather simplistic .
I think in fact that it is true that most advertisements make products seem much better than they are , but maybe this is just due to the location of the advertisement ( for example a beach or a wonderful house ) or because of the short time they have to present the product , so sometimes a thing is shown really fast , when it is actually not .

Nevertheless I think that these are the only aspects that could be justified , but they are marginal aspects , not the core ones .
It is a shame to make something seem fabolous when it is absolutely not or when it does not function at all .
I believe that the media companies should avoid this kind of `` false advertising '' .

Many surround the product or the brand with fantastic characteristics , implying that the people who wear it or buy it are cool and special .
I strongly believe that this is extremely dangerous for the young spectators , who are particularly sensitive to these aspects and have not a defined personality yet , so they are easily convinceable .

Moreover some could be dangerous even for adults : for example the advertisements on diet products , which are provided with false witnessing and interviews , which explains how many weight they have lost in so little time .
I am personally particularly against this type of advertisements , because it is no more a matter of buying a television or a fridge which does not function , but rather a matter of health , which is much more important and has to be avoided .

In conclusion I think that the only function of advertisement should be that of making the consumer aware of the creation of a new product and not to overwhelm him with false and useless information , although the consumer should be however critic .
I would like to discuss the statement that young people do not spend enough time to help and suopport the community they are living in .

To my mind young people nowadays spend less time helping their communities than they did some decades ago but you should consider that there are quite a lot of things that have dramatically changed over the past few years .
Now , there are many new services offered by the government that give us the opportunity to spend our time doing something else than working for our community .
An example for this would be the improved helthcare system : Some time ago , it was nearly impossible to work in full-time job if one of your relatives was very ill and needed permanent care and help .
Today , you just have to apply for special services that are paid by the insurance and you will be given help .

However , there are still some some services which cannot be provided and / or paid by the community .
In those cases ( i.e staff at the fire brigades , ambulance drivers , trainers at sports clubs etc . )
there is indeed kind of a shortage .
In my free time , I am working as an ambulance driver without being paid for this .
Often have I experieced situations in which we ran out of personnel because nobody wanted to work on the weekend or wanted to stay up all night .
I wish that in those cases , more people would recognize how important their contribution would be .

All in all , I think that we do indeed need a young generation that spends more time helping their communities than many people do now , but we only need their support in some fields .
So my suggestion would be to try to make some advertisement and promotion in order to show them how much fun it can be to play an active role in society and to help them to find the right kind of occupation for them .
Today we face a world where millions of products are competing for the attention of paying customers around the world .
Competition increases as new products and technologies enter the marketplace on a daily basis .
These products must stand out from the rest in order to catch the eye of the consumer , extra value must be added to differentiate one from the millions of similar products available .

The marketing and advertisement industry has grown significantly thanks to our consumerist culture .
They are in charge of a product 's promotion and recognition strategies , and often they are responsible for its success or failure as well .
In this battlefield , advertising agencies must make use of every possible weapon they can find in order to appeal to their customer 's wants and needs .
This is where false claims of greatness and exaggerated qualities are attached to average products .
I think most advertisements and marketing campaigns make products and services seem better than what they really are , they must do this in order to stay in business .

Customers are easily fooled by false claims of great quality , marketing strategies transform `` wants '' into `` needs '' , driving the consumer into a buying frenzy .
Fashion is also a key element when it comes to consumption patterns worldwide .
People are made to believe they need something `` never seen before '' in order to make them happy or successful or popular .
Once again , products are made to seem as something extraordinary everybody wants to have .
At the end , it 's just as good ( or bad ) as the next product on the shelve .

Often , a little `` extra '' is added to a product in order to satisfy the customer .
Good promotion and marketing strategies are sometimes defficient when there is great offer and not much demand for a specific object or service in the market .
Lying and exaggeration come again into place when trying to make a sell , you have to give the customer what he 's asking for , even if it is not true .
Sometimes people just like to read or hear or see what they want to , if you can be the one to provide it to them you might have a chance to stay on top for a day or two util the competition catches up .
Personally , I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
However , I do not think that this statement is completely correct .
I have to admit that there are several companies advertising their products in an honest way , stating only facts about the product without any misleading slogans or jingles .

On the other hand , the majority of today \ s industries is clever enough to trick their customers into buying their products .
They do so by either creating highly convincing advertisemetns with slogans or jingles people tend to associate with the product , or they claim characteristics and facts about the products that are simply untrue .
The most effective advertising strategy next to an easy to remember jingle you cannot get out of your head is advertising with the support of celebrities presenting the product .

Even though I do not like the idea of being lied to by a company , I can certainly understand this marketing mentality that is so widely spread today .
In a world of globalization , open borders and free markets , every market of every country is flooded with an increadibly high number of foreign products .
Not only do foreign products mostly seem more attractive to customers , they are often cheap copies of orginals invented and produced in the home country .
Monoplies hardly ever exist anymore and competing not only with other companies in the country but especially with foreign companies certainly is rough .

However , I think companies should only try to manipulate customers to a certain extent .
There should be a clear difference between lying completely and persuading and influecing a little .
Being a customer myself , of course , I rely on the government to control marketing strategies on the one hand but I definitely rely on own experiences I make on the other hand .
If I know about a product that it does not fulfill all the expectations the company made me believe in , I will try my best to convince others not to buy it and I hope others will do so as well .
And even if companies tend at times to overestimate a little and seem to be too euphemistic about their products , we still live in a world where people have gotten used to this kind of advertising behavior by now .
I think , there is only a small percentage of society left that truly believes all the statements made in advertisement .
I therefore have the hope that companies of the future will rely on attractive advertisements instead of on false statements .
My grandmother survived World War II .
She saw the soldiers fighting on her parents proberty and she saw relatives getting killed just for fun by these soldiers .
I think the biggest question is , how to defin an `` enjoyed life '' .
What is an enjoyed life ?
Is it to be thankful for surviveing a war and still being able to breath even though with all these images in mind ?
Or is it going out for party every weekend , drinking alcohol and taking drugs ?
Is n't it more worth to enjoy an opera by Mozart or Beethoven than listening to house or rap ?

I totally disaggree with the statement because I do not think that most of the young people really know , what life is .
They never had to fight for it , they get the benefit of free education , at least in the western world , and they have never seen the reality .
Yes , I agree , that younger people enjoy there life more by playing computer games , meeting with frends , going out for party et cetera then older people do .
But that is just a life they are able to enjoy because of the hard work of they parents and grandparents .

Younger people do not have to work on the fields of their parents any more because they grow up in a city .
They do not have to serve in the military like their fathers and they do not have to see all the dirt that is present in this world if they do not watch CNN instead of MTV .
Younger people do not appreaciate their free time like olders do .
That is why I think older poeple enjoy their life more .
Their experiences and their history makes them enjoy it because they know , that the life they can live now is much better much saver then it was a couple of decades ago .
The quality of a people 's education and principles therein is measured in different ways .
Germany for example is still a country very much influenced by the ideal of humanistic teaching principles conveighed by and kept alive almost since ancient times , when scholarly education was a matter of academies and reknown schools of thought .
It seems that German non-universitarian education for High School students is still strictly modelled after this old idea .
Therefore High School schedules in Germany include - or rather cram in ?
- many subjects .
As soon as a student reaches university or college level he finds himself quickly forced into making his first own educational choices for which - due to the lack of previous experience - he might not be ready .
There seems to be a great disproportion in what is considered important knowledge , everyone should have access to and in the understanding of what a true academic really is .
When it comes to universities academics are people highly specialized in their subjects .
German universities praise their specialists .
Of course , the people displaying knowledge or even expertise in several subjects are often highly praized but they are rare and getting rarer by the generations of students .
So much focus is put on the early specialization of the mind that the broad and not necessarily deep level of knowlegde is completely underestimated , whereas exactly this level actually makes people accessible and grants them lightness and fluency of conversation with many different people of - again - many different - social , intellectual etc. - levels .
Unfortunately , education has become strongly influenced by trends of all kinds .
I am especially referring to the growing interest in economic studies rather than the humanities , including philosophy .

Myself having enjoyed substantial training in the classics - Latin , Greek and Hebrew - I only want to speak for the advancement of the broadly educated individual .
The earlier a specialization takes place the earlier a mind is locked-down and fixed .
In order to determine the best use and combination of one 's interests as well as capabilities one has to be as free as possible for as long as possible .
I fear that specialization drains the individual early of its creative energies and serves as a uniformer to knowledge in general .
I personally disagree with the provided statement because I think that the number of cars in use will remain basically constant through the years .
First of all , I believe that twenty years will not carry enough changes to produce a variation of our habits and way of living .
Even if the public transport will be presumably enhanced , most of the people will still need a car because the main commercial areas such as shopping centers , cinemas and other facilities will be located far away off the cities and they will still require a car in order to be reached .
Moreover , according to the statistics , people who live in town will move to the adjacent countrysides , owing to the high cost of living they are facing now .

Secondarily , the car industry will probably give its best in order to keep constant the annual income .
Solutions will be provided in order to let people replace their old vehicle , whithout just dismissing it .
As an example , even now new methods of payment are being introduced to allow drivers to change their cars regularly during the years .
I suppose that even the western governments will help the vehicle sector in order to inhibit the unemployment consequent to a possible crisis of the industry .

In addition , in twenty years time , the pollution will probably cease to represent a problem .
New hydrogen engines will be produced with the aim of contrasting the raise of the pollution rate in the air .
People will be more confident in buying new cars with a new environment-friendly technology .
Owning a car will therefore remain a status of economic wealth that no-one would refuse .

These reasons are in my opinion enough to justify why the number of cars will not change in twenty years .
I donot agree with the statement that `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
I support my statement with the following reasoning .
It is true that the life syle of man has changed drastically over a period of time and man has to compete against time to go on .
But there are many social organisations that mainly comprise of young people who work for a good cause .
For example , the blood bank in my city has more than 1000 young people as its members .
They organise blood donation camps often in the city and also provide it for free of cost .
One more interesting fact about this is that most of the members are the young software professionals and doctors who inspite of their busy working hours take out time for charity .

Another example I would like to quote here is the HIV-AIDS awareness programme being conducted in the villages where the people are ignorant about the disease .
This programme is organised and conducted by a group of young medical students of which I also form a part .
We stage plays explaining the spread of the disease , its dangerous effects and the preventive measures .
We do all this in the weekends and we are able to bring out a considerable change in half of a village .

Also , there are many Indians settled abroad .
These nonresident young professionals formed into a group and carrying so many remarkable projects in their home land through proper organisation channels .
This offers a best example of the concern of the young people towards their community .

I personally feel that the main constraint to today 's young generation is the time but not the lack of interest to help their community .
there may be a little lack of awareness in them and which requires proper stimulation .

So , with all the reasonings stated above I support my view that today 's young people are not reluctant to help their soceity .
Afterall , today 's young generation implies the future of tommorrow .
Something about everything and everything about something .

That is my moto in life .
One cannot either deciede to take any one of the above , that simply wont be enough .
As normal functioning humans in this day and age of information explosion , we cannot choose to be ignorant about anything .
Also indepth knowledge about some particular subject is also very important for our own professional success .

As far as academic subjects are concerned , the key word here would be time .
When a person is in school , his subject study should be as broad as possible .
He should learn literature , science , arts , maths and everything else which canbe covered in his curicullum .
School is the time when the brain is developing and the mind is growing .
The child in this time should get the widest exposure possible .

One in graduate college , the course he chooses should be more specific but also include subjects covering wider toipcs .
A medical sciences students should be taught about digital circuitry too as should psychology be included in a course on engineering .
The student must have an option of branching out or even experimenting .
Also having related knowledge only helps in understand how varied information canbe utilized to help in what would seem to be unrelated subjects .

Then further on with post-graduate and research based study the students can aquire more specialized knowledge about the subjects of their interest .

But as I stated earlier , the whole question about broad knowledge or specialized knowledge would depend upon the fact that when is the question being asked .
In relation to a school student , broad subject study is essential and otherwise he would just be isolated from the many different things he could learn and become .

In relation to agraduate student , the coursework needs to have a direction of flow but the coverage of topics should be wide as it shall allow experiment and improvisation .
Then as post-graduate and then doctorial specializations come up the nature of knowledge should narrow down drastically .

But as far as life is concerned , a combination of the two will be elementary to success .
Moreover with increasing pressures on democracy , overpowering multinationals and a growing global marketplace , inormation and knowledge might just save the day .
I definitely agree that successful people are more willing to try new things and take more risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Because they are not affraid of changing , they have more chances , and they know that you need to take risks to find new ways , they can become successful people .

First of all , successful people are not affraid of changing what they already had .
They do n't stay still and they always want something new .
Success often comes with something different from the established ones .
For example , the success of the website of youtube '' is because it 's new and unique .
Therefore , it grabs everyone 's attention .
If people always do things that they knew very well , their lives will be all the same .
Successful people are willing to try anything new and find new things that help them succeed .

Furthermore , because successful people are willing to try new things and take risks , they have more chances to succeed .
They do n't have limitations .
Therefore , they have more opportunities than those who always do the same routine things .

In addition , successful people know that every investment has its own risk and life is full of risks .
In fact , they love to roll the dice , and to see what will happen next .
That 's why life is so special .
You never know what will happen next .
It may take you to the successful life , and it may take you to the totally failure as well .
During the process of trying new things , successful people always gain some valuable experiences which help them become more successful .

To sum up , successful people are not affraid of changing their lives and are willing to try new things .
They take risks and they do n't worried about losing what they 've owned .
During these trials and errors , they always gain some experiences which make them successful in the future .
I totally disagree with the statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . ''
I strongly feel that this statement is being made by a novice person who actually do n't refers to the weekly reports and tabloids as published by the bussiness sector regularly .

Now a days a car signifies much more things than to be a mere vehicle to carry out the routine transportation .
It has become an indespensible commodity like television and telephones .

As compared to the primitive era , now a days people keep more than one car at their disposal marked seperately for their well defined purpose .
Because of the rapid expansion in bussiness sector , the increasing distances do n't actually matter any more for the working class .
There are majority of people who are working at the companies located at quite a large distance .
In that case , they prefer taking their private vehicles such as cars , for commuting .
It makes them feel more comfortable and save their time as well .

As recently being concluded through a survey , most of the people feel that owing a car is always a better deal than owing a two wheeler as the former is more safe and secure .
According to few , cars are always faster than any other two wheeler and comfortable also .
One can drive them in almost any climatic conditions .
They are also less subjected to the unconditional accidents such as slippage and skidding .
It also helps them to avoid irritating pollution on the way .
Some people also considers car as their status symbol .
The larger the car , the higher recoginition they can manage to beg in the society .

In my own society i could see that there were merely 20 cars five years back .
But now the situation has come up to the extent that the parking place can be seen always flooding , with cars of almost all types being parked all over .

The recent boom in the manufacturing sector has blessed us with the advancement of the technology .
The spare parts are now available at much cheaper rates than ever .
The car manufacturing companies are also devising many ways to produce economical cars which can be afforded by almost every sector of the society .
Such cars consumes less fuel and are specially desingned keeping in mind the general ergonomics for people driving every day .

With all such efforts in place , i really do n't feel that the number of cars in use will going to decline in the years to come .
Rather we would be able to see some really sophisticated and less resource intensive models on the roads in the coming years .
Last but not the least , i feel that the statement is simply based on the subjective knowledge and lacks the pragmatic approach considerably .
1 : broad knowledge of many academic subjects

2 : specialize in one specific project

During the studies , the students have many decisions to make , depending on where they want to work later and what job they want to do .
Is it better to have abroad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject ?

During our school years , we are use to studying different subjects such as biology , mathematics , geography or history .
These different subjects helped us making our decision about about what we prefer the most .
This is always helpfull to have various types of information .
For instance , a student who has been studying both the economics and biology could have the possibility to get and understand documents about the memory process .
On the other hand , a student who focused his studies on biology and more precisely on the brain studies could n't get or understand some processes in the economics .

On the other hand , the student with a broad knowledge would n't have a subject in which he is specialized .

When somebody is specialized in one specific subject , he depends on the others for all the information out of his speciality .
During a conversation with people who all have a different job , the person would feel a bit lost .
Having knowledge on a various types of topics enable to work on different fields and to change field if you want to .

To put it in a nutshell , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects in order to polyvalent , unless you look forward to working in a very specific fields and that you are sure about it .
It is of my opinion that helping communities is quite important for me .
With the concerning of the young people may not have enough time to devote themselves to helping their communites , I have several reasons and solutions as the followings

First , young people are energetic than the elders , they spend a lot of time in studying as well as playing .
They learn all the time and have the will to learn .
If they are asked to manage things with their neighbors , they will not refuse and hesitate to do .
In this prime time , young people like to help with each other to solve the problem .

Next to go would be , the definition of the communities may not simply mean the surroundings they live .
It can also be inferred the place they study and work .
Young people like to join clubs and learn something new in order to satisfy the thirst toward knowledge .
They concentrate with a specific field and lauch their efforts to achieve their ideal goal .
All these accomplishments need time and thier endeavor .

Moreover , they learn in helping .
Such as decorating a club center , recruiting new blood to the club , and even taking care of the sick classmate or neighbor preoccupied with business .

However , though they are so active in their community affair , there definitely are blind spots that they probably fail to focus on .
For example , young people who live outside may encounter the gap between them and their family .
For example , when I was an undergraduate who live far away from family , being not able to go home per week makes some communicational problems with my family members .

As a whole , young people do have enough time to helping thier communities .
t
In my opinion is impossible to theoretically define whether it is better to manage several academic subjects or to go more in depth with just one subject .
Indeed , it really depends on the field you will apply this academic knowledge to .

I think I 'm in an ideal position to give some examples of different situations to which the two different approaches apply .
So far , in fact , I had two very different working experiences , the first one as a Controller in a multinational company and the second ( and current ) one as a Management Consultant .

On the one hand , during my first work experience as a Controller I had to get a deep understanding of all the accounting principles that regulated the activities of the Finance department of my company .
It was a really tough experience because I had to get familiar with a lot of very specific and technical subjects since otherwise the quality of my work might have been affected .
I had to develop a very good memory to remember all the details typical of this kind of field .

On the other hand , during my current work experience as a Management Consultant I need to be more flexible than spcialized , so that now I 'm familiar with a huge variety of subjects .
I work , in fact , in several different industries - such as automotive , consumer goods and banking - and in very different companies ' functions - like for instance marketing , human resources and finance .
Given that I usually work on very short projects , I always need to get familiar with the context of a project in a short period of time , which means that I need to have at least a generic background on that particular field .
This usually allows me to work on the project without necessarly getting a very deep understanding of how the related inustry/functions works .

To conclude , i would say that I generally prefer dealing with many different subjects rather than specializing myself .
Nevertheless I think , as my working experience shows , that there always could be situations where you also need to get a specialistic knowledge .
Each educated people need a academic knowledge in order to be effective in his future work and in society .
Hereafter , I 'm going to analyse the pros and cons of the broad knowledge and the specific knowledge before drawning any conclusion .

First of all , having a broad knowledge may be very helpful since you can talk about or understand any subject .
This ability is very important since we are living in a multicultural society where the range of skills is very broad .
Then it might be useful to get that kind of knowledge because every one is going to change jobs two or three times in his lifetime career and being aware of other issues tham those related to your major is important .
However , broad knowledge is very time-consuming .
You will probably meet great difficulties dealing with different subjects and this may cause you to have very superficial view of those subjects .

What about the specific knowledge then ?
It improves your capacity to master one subject .
One striking example is well-educated people known as Experts .
Experts are basically the referrence on one field .
They are like referrees in games because their statements are doubtless and must be absolutely true .
This is because they are supposed to possess all of the current knowledge humankind have on the subject .
The wrong side of this specific knowledge is that you are not aware of what 's going on elsewhere and you cannot just change from one job to another .
That can make the difference in a changing world .
For example people specialized in bulding old - fashion televisions called cathodic televisions cannot move on to the next step and deal with new high technology flat screens .

In my opinion , to be effective and to socially fit in , every one need both kind of knowledges .
Thus , one can at the same time adapt to any situation and be very skilfull in the field in which they will work and achieve their goals .
An advertisement is a publicity for an object , a restaurant or food .
The company that makes it wants the people who watch the advertisement to go to that specific restaurant or buy that particular object .
We will first discuss the principles of advertising and then we will explain our specific opinion about the statement .

To begin with , an advertisement is made so that the company that offers the service or the good can sell more of it .
Therefore , the general idea is to make , for example , the object seem necessary at home , the office or even in the car .
To make it so attractive the producer needs to put forward its best qualities which will revolutionise your day to day lifestyle .
For example , we can put ourselves in the situation where we need to advertise car perfumes .
We will , in a first part , demonstrate that most cars have very bad smells and , then , that once the buyer purchased the car perfume these smells disappeared .
The producer will try to limit the fact it might take some time for the perfume to act .
But are these principles there to make products seem much better ?

In my opinion , I truly believe that `` advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''
Taking our last example , the fact that the producer limits , in the advertisement , the perfume 's action time is false information .
The advertisement will necessarily show that the smell disappeared immediately after the man entered the car with the perfume .
Of course , there are many examples of this .
At Mcdonald 's , the Big Macs are nowhere near as perfect as in their commercials .
In a general way , most people know that every object will not be exactly like in the commercials .
The general population can make the difference between the ad and what the object will be like .
Eventhough , they do make products seem better than they really are , the only thing that counts is that the difference between reality and the commercial is not extremely large .

To conclude , our and our parents ' generations have been brought up with advertisements and with the companies ' will to lure more customers .
Therefore , I believe that if some companies `` stretch '' the truth about their products , as long as it is not in the extremes , then their advertisements are still ethically correct .
The question here is to find out if success is closely linked or not with risk-taking and curiosity , when it comes to try new experiences .
As a student who wants to set up one 's own business in the long term , I totally agree that statement and I will explain why in main three points .

To begin with , how is it possible to learn and improve oneself in any job if one does not open up one 's mind nor express one 's curiosity ?
As one does not know everything about a topic - how to use Excel for the first time for instance - , it is a mandatory task to try by oneself to succeed , to learn and bear the tips in mind .
It is the same when it comes to ask to somebody you do not know at all to find your way in the street .
Sure , you can bump into strange people , but what if you never ask ?
You will never get to your meeting , are you ?

Then , and as I mentioned above , how is it possible to create something new in the entrepreneurship field for instance , if one never tries nor make experiments ?
Somebody want set up one 's business cannot be a risk-adverse , all the more that lots amounts of money are at stake .
But if one never try - to have special conditions on the loan for instance - , the company will not be created .

Thirdly , true , I am strongly convinced that most of successful people express their curiosity .
Still there is a need to qualify the notions of risk-taking and keep doing what is already working without trying acting different .

I am truly convinced that a black and white answer cannot be brought to the question : are there only risk-takers who succeed and safer people never do ?
This opinion just becomes stupid if we consider the examples of people who die while trying for the first time in their lives how to escalade the Hilmalaya or how to swim with sharks .

To conclude , risk has never been a guarranty for success but it may be a condition .
And New is not always good , old methods have been working for years , unless a recently-developed new one is more efficient , one does not have to change .
I believe that specializing in one subject is better and more important in the world we live in today , than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Having broad knowledge of many academic subjects can be very good socially since it allows the person to communicate with people on many subjects .
However it is not enough in the society that we live in today , since you can not have a decent job if you merely have broad knowledge of things .
Jobs require specific and thorough knowledge of a specific subject or subjects .
Working as a lawyer for example requires thorough and indepth knowledge of the law and general knowledge would not be enough to become a lawyer .

Specializing in one subject means that that person is going to become really good at that subject and that therefore he may pursue it in the future .
This ensures that this person will be able to find a job in our now very specialized world .
Someone who specializes in finance , for example , may work at a bank and then from there he can learn about many other things , which help in everyday life , and he can gain knowledge from having a job .
Therefore specialization leads to broader knowledge in other subjects .

Specialization , as it was discovered and agreed upon by most economists including the `` father of economics '' , Adam Smith , leads to greater efficiency .
This is because someone who specializes in something and does it all the time discovers ways to improve upon it and therefore becomes an expert in that field .
This has led to an increase in the specialisation of the workplace and jobs .
That is way anyone who wishes to succeed in life and have a job needs to specialize in something .

Due to all of this broad knowledge of many academic subjects is not better than specializing in one subject , atleast not at this point in time .
The issue at hand is whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use as compared to today .
The issue is important considering the social , technological and environmental factors governing life on the planet .
I disagree with the statement , as i believe that the cars might increase in number comparitively .

One reason why I disagree is owing to the social factors such as economic conditions of people , standards of living etc ..
people are increasing in number , their tastes and preferenceas are changing , their living conditions are also subjected to continuous change , most importantly the standard of living has been changing .
for example a normal clerk would go for a two wheeler to save for the rainy day but the same person would like to live a luxurious life , purchase a car when he has saved enough and has fulfilled his responsibilities twenty years down the line .

Another factor is the population growth .
As the populations increases more and more people might purchase cars .
M oreover a car provides more safer and secure means of transport as compared to mopeds , autorickshaws etc.keeping in view the growing traffic , road accidents and other mishaps , people who can afford will psychologically tend towards owning a car .

The technologival developments in the field of automobiles will help evolve faster cars , fully automated , eco friendly and thus gear up the purchase of cars as people will try to keep pace with the fast world ahead .
The economic conditons of people will also take a leap twenty years from now and owning a car will no longer be a prerequisite of the rich .

Thus in conclusion I would like to claim that there will be more cars in future than today considering the various factors discussed .
While there are things that can suggest this can actually happen , I dont consider the idea of having less cars than there are today in twenty years very possible .
There are various reasons why I consider this to be very hard .
The first reason why I consider this not to be easily achieved is the rapid population growth we are going through .

Population has been increasing rapidly over the years , even though in many developed nations population rates are either staying the same or reducing , in developing nations such as India , China and many other the history is very different , population grows everyday .
Even though governments are trying to stop this by taking drastic measures , these will take time and by then more and more cars will be needed and produced .

Another reason why I consider this to be something that can hardly happen is due to the fact that developed nations have people with extreme amount of money .
Even though this people may need one car or two they will purchase a ridiculous amount of cars .

Technology is something that is advancing every day .
Before car companies needed a large amount of people and time to produce one car , now with the help of technology millions of cars are produced every day , in some procedures humans are not even involved .
This suggests that cars are being made at a more rapid rate and many more cars are being sold everyday all around the world .

As I mentioned before there are some points which are very important to these discussion .
Oil is so expensive now that even though many people can afford a car not all of them can afford gas , therefore this could support the idea of less cars being made .

I sincerely bellieve that having less cars in 20 years is very hard but there are points which suggest the opposite , therefore i can only hope and wait to see what actually happens .
Advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In our twentieth century world , money is one of the biggest issues for most people .
When companies create a product , they want to get to as many people as they can , so they use advertisements on television , magazines , and even the internet in orther to announce their product .
Since companies compete with each other to sell the most products , they have to show people how their products is the best .
Therefore , they use techniques that glorify their products so customers are persuated to buy them .

One technique companies use are subliminal messages .
In the commercials , the companies advertise their product close to something that makes people feel good , such as a nice beach , or a good looking female .
When a person looks at the advertisement , he/she sees the product as better than it actually is , and is therefore persuated into buying the product .
For example , Victoria Secret , the famous underwear brand for females , uses good looking women in their commercials to make other women think that this product will look as good on them .
Companies also over-advertise , so their product gets stuck on people 's minds and when the time comes to make a decision in what to buy , the customer remembers the adverisement and buys the product .

Advertisements can also make products more appealing than they are by adding special effects .
This technique is used specially on food products ; for example , Chili 's , the restaurant , does commercials on burgers and their food , where they put special paint and shiny effects , so that their food is seen as perfect .
They sometimes even use fake artifacts to make their product seem better than it really is .

In conclusion , companies want to advertise their products to the public in the best way possible to they associate their products with things that are not part of the product .
They mislead customers into buying something that is ultimately worse than what the company advertised .
There are various methods that could be used in order for a student to learn new informations .
Some students would choose to deeply understand ideas and concepts while others would choose to learn facts withoud a deep understanding of them .

Personnaly , i would definitely choose the first method which is a deep understanding of ideas and concepts .
I truly think that it is much more benificial to understand rather than to learn .

First , i would say that this method is a very intersting one because when you understand something , you get intersted and fascinated about it and about the way it works .
Let 's take the example of a physics course .
I think that a student would be much more intersted by understanding a physic concept for example the way cellphone works rather than learning by heart some facts or conlusion .

In addition , i am highly convinced that when you learn things by heart without really understanding them , you tend to forget them very fast , So you would have studied these facts for nothing .
It would have simply been a loss of time .

Futher more i would add that understanding ideas could be very beneficial for the daily life .
Let 's take another physic example which is electricty .
When you learn how elctricity works you are then able to deal with any electrical problem that you could face while you are at home , and would n't be using the help of an electrician .
However if a person has just learned some facts about electricity , it would then be difficult for her to soplve her problem without the help of someone else .

Finally , i think that the more you understand a subject , the more professionnal you become in this domain .
and this is how we 'll be able to evolve , and make new discoveries that could be very beneficial for evryone .

In conclusion , i would say that it is way important for students to understand ideas and concept than it for them to simply learn facts .
A deep understanding of a subject could be much more beneficial than a simple learning of facts .
I believe that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Obviously some young people do , but not enough of them .

First , I believe it is very important for young people to learn compassion .
And what better way to understand what compassion is than by practising it by helping your community .
Adolescence is a shaping time for a person .
It is probably the best moment to learn to help others .
By doing so , young people learn to become mature and good adults .
Many wars have probably been declared because adults leading a country had not been sufficiently exposed to helping others when they were younger .
Therefore , training great adults is only possible by training young people to help their community .

Second , if young people were spending more time helping their communities , they would be better integrated in it and they would show greater respect for their elders and neighbours .
We can observe many examples of what happens when young people lack respects for their community in most developped countries nowadays .
In France , early 2006 , sworms of young people from the ghettos around Paris and other large cities burnt cars and broke into shops .
This young people do not spend time helping their community .
Instead , they commit petty crimes and spend their days doing in their ghettos .
It is difficult to imagine that nobody needs help in those areas .
Another example are the gangs in many cities in the US .
There , young people spend their time killing other gangs rather than helping their community .

Third , in my experience , very few young people actually help their communities nowadays .
If I count how many people have been helping their community among the young people I met so far , they are very few .
I guess that the lack of incentives and the continuous pressure of our society tends to push young people toward enjoying themselves , avoiding work and taking an easy time .

To conclude , I would say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their community .
However , it would be beneficial for them and their community as young people but as future adults as well .
Being successful is a combination of various elements and therefore it is a long process .
People can be evaluated successful on one day but however , the other day may not bring success to that people ...

In order to be a successful , first the person should know what he or she is doing well .
Therefore , the first element shall be a deep knowledge in the area of practice .
However , just knowledge shall not be deemed enough for the success .
There shall be other supplemantary issues such as long term practice and right field of bussiness .

A student graduating with the degree 3.8/4 from the university can be deemed as a succesful student .
During his term at the university in order to grant the best graduation degree , he shall study and study .
There is no place to risk in his university careear such as not studying .

After graduating from the university he starts his careear as lawyer in one of the most reputiable law firms .
His knowledge of law is great and therefore in order to promote in the law firm he shall do the best thing he knows .
He is responsible to the clients who he is serving for .
Therefore , the memorandum drafted by a lawyer shall include solid grounds .
Otherwise , giving false information will cause the law firm to loose the client , in pother words for the lawyer to loose the promotion .

The example indicated here above is just one simple example .
Success for a long term of period is much more vital .
People can be famous and successful by taking risks and ntering in to the business in which they do not have any idea .
However , this is just like gambling .
People always starts to win small amount at the begining when they gamble .
However , they losse big amounts afterwards .
To conclude one sholud have patience to be succesful .
We all have been in traffic jams and mostly it is due to the fact that the number of cars increased a lot recently , rather than that it is because of roads .
Due to the imporevements in manufacturing technologies , it has become possible to produce cheap cars in shorter times .
In return , the number of cars increased .
Toyota now can produce a car in 2 minutes with a cost of 2000 dollars , less or more , of course depending on the type of the car .
This indicates that as technology developes more and more , people will buy more and more cars .
So in the following 20 years , in my opinion , there will be more cars instead of the possibility that there will be fewer cars been driven than we drive today .

One reason for the possible increase in number of cars within close future is , as aforementioned , the technological improvements enable manufacturers to produce cheaper cars in shorter times .
Cheaper cars mean that almost everybody can have it .
Attracted by extra promotions and suitable purchasing conditionos , even a family can have more than one car .
And this attraction that the manufacturers present for their customers will be even more attractive as technology contunies to improve , as a result ; more automobiles will be on the roads .

Other than that cars are getting cheaper , the people are getting richer as well .
The economies of countries grow with the impact of globalization , especially in develop and developing countries , which in turn brings money to people , and I can say that the globalization is just starting .
So what can be done with the money ?
Of course if you have a house , you will buy a car ; if you have a car why should not your wife or son have a car next .
It can be seen that having automobile is not accepted as luxury property in some countries , especially in develloped ones .
And considering the population of develoding countries and they are going to be developed , there will be a significant incline in the numbers of cars .

Also there can be disadvantages of driving a car in the next coming 20 years .
the time consumed in traffic jams , and environmental problems related to pollution can disatract people , or even laws can be decided by goverments that are limitating automobile usage or number of cars in a family .
But all these will not stop the increase in the number of cars , at least 20 years .

To conclude , it can be said that cars are getting cheaper and people are gettin richer in the follawing 20 years due to technologicalso the world is going to be wealthier and cars , of course , are the best canditates to show the wealth a person have .
therefore , I believe that number of cars will increase .
Advertisements exist to sell people products they do not need .
This idea explains the ambition of modern advertising and marketing strategies .
Our modern society is based on capitalistic and often superficial values , and while making products seem better than they actually are , advertisements do notthing but reflect the social values .

Personally , I would say that modern product managers do not have the choice to sell their products as they really are .
The economy in our so called developped countries has reached a level of saturation and offers more products than people actually need .
Therefore , those who want to sell their products will have to make high investments and develop good advertisement strategies .
This guarantees them a good visibility of their products and good chances to sell them .

I also believe that modern advertisements respond to a demand from society .
Today , we are all looking for the exeptional , the beautiful , the luxuary .
In many cases , we do not want to buy a prpoduct but we want to buy a dream .
This means , that we often prefere to buy an illusion rather than the reality .
For instance , the latest shower liquid from Ralph Lauren seems much more attractive to us than a good soap , which would probably have the same effects on our body care .

Modern advertisement has to make products seem better than they really are , because customers are asking for it .
This is nether good or bad , it is a simple fact .
Netherless , we should be aware of this fact and not be disappointed when the dream we just bought remains a dream .
I disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I think this is a misconception arising due to the outdated views on how a community is defined and also the ways to help the community .

The complaint seems to be that the youth are so self-indulgent and selfish in pursuing their own career goals and ambitions that they do not devote enough time to community .
But we must recognize that the individual is the basic unit of society .
So if the individual does something to improve his or her quality of life , the overall average quality of life of the community increarses .
In turn such people also inspire other people to better their lives and start a progressive trend .
It is a situation similar to say a scientist isolating himself from society to excel in his inventions , but then the fruits of innovation are shared by all .

A more serious aspect of this complaint can be the supposed indifference of the youth towards their community .
This complaint also has roots in how do we define the community traditionally .
In today 's ever shrinking world where more and more people of different communities come together and work , the youth seem to be embracing a larger community , and their commitments to this emerging but broader community might seem to affect their contribution towards their local community .
Again , I would argue that if the youth are working towards some greater common good then that is bound to benefit all in the long run .

Another point I would like to make is that if the young people devote relatively more time towards their self development , they will be more stable and more capable of helping back the community .
Basically they would be able to help the community ina better way and even in more impactful way .
For example , many institutions benefit from the funds and projects that their alumni bring back to their alma-mater .

The real problem can be when the young people are not doing something constructive and productive .
We definitely need to guard against such apathy towards oneself and hence the society .
But this malady does not restrict itself to young people only and hence it would be wrong to blame only the young for such behavior .
In fact , I think that young people are more enthusiastic and less cynical than most of the older generation .

In summary , I would assert that an individual is the basic unit of society .
As long the individual is involved in something that is constructive or beneficial to at least the person himself , the overall community is bound to get the benefits sooner or later , not neccesarily in explicit terms but in more subtle and impactful ways .
In this ambivalent society , the issue whether there will be fewer numeber of vehicles on the land in the future or not is often raised and debated .
A portion of society believes that there will be much more cars in our lives , since the opportunity of delivering goods increases as time goes by ; however , I have a differing idea .
In twenty years , the number of cars will decrease because the society encounters environmental and social changes : the Greenhouse Effect , and Globalization .

One example of a trigger that makes the number of cars reduce can be seen in the responses to the Greenhouse Effect .
As society grows , environmental issues are raised , especailly the Greenhouse Effect .
This Effect , caused by damaging gases emitted from cars , harms ecological order by influencing sea level to rise .
Furthermore , unexpectedly changing climates threatens human live directly : Tsunami in Indonesia .
Therefore , people begin to invent alternative vehicles that does not make harmful gases , such as hybrid vehicles .
In addition , the increasing uses of bikes encourage people to avoid air pollution .
Thus , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in our lives to protect our surronding safe and clean .

Not only do the current events furnish an endless array of examples encapsulating the claim that the number of cars on land will be reduced in the future , but social trend does as well ; a prime example is Globalization .
As the whole world become a one town , the opportunity to trade and travel among foreign countries has been expanding .
As a result , rather than cars that are limited in only one continent , airplanes will attract more people in the future .
For example , according to the research in Korea , about 85 % of the nation prefers airplanes as transportation .
Also , as most companies , such as Samsung , LG , and Sony , expands their markets toward other countries , the importance of taking airplanes , instead of driving cars in domestic markets , are percieved by many nations .

In the paragraphs above , I have shown that in twenty years , there will be much fewer cars in our live , but much more alternative vehicles that prevent environment and help to adopt international trend , Globalization .
So , I call the readers to make technological progress in innovating our limited transportation to prepare comming future society .
Althoug older people enjoy life , there are some facts that make young people to enjoy life more than an older person does .
In my opinion , young people are healthier than older people .
Also , they can learn faster because their brains are more active .
Furthermore , young people enjoy taking risk , while older people seems to be more conservative .

First , helth is a big issue when we talk about enjoying life .
If our body is in a good condition , we can study , work , dance , play or even eat los of different kind of food .
Young people should care about what they eat but they still can eat different food without feel bad .
In adition , when a young person is healthy , he can practices sports even if they offer some risk .
For example , soccer or gymnastic require skills and lot of movements with our body .
Probably a older person cannot practices these activities if he is not healthy at all .

Second , learning faster is a procces that is affacted with the age .
Some researches have demostrated that young brains learn easier than older brains .
This fact remark the difference in the procces when we are learning .
For example .
My daugther is 5 years old and she actually speaks three lenguages very good .
My father is trying to learn English as a second lenguage but his process is very slow compared with my daugther 's learning process .

Third , another advantage when a person in young , is the abilitty of taking risk .
Young people love to take a chance even if this chance can finish in advantage or disadvantage for them .
They usully planning less than older people does .
For example , if a position for a job is availeble for a person in Australia but he lives in South America , the young person probably will accept the position as soon as he has the opportunity , while an older person will think longer about that .

In conclusion , younger people always have more opportunities to enjoy their lives than
Recently , there have been discussions about whether it is better to understand ideas and concepts or to learn facts .
While some people think it is important for them to learn facts , I would think that it is crucial for them to understand ideas and concepts .

First , I think understanding of certain ideas and concepts will be applicable to various fields .
When I was in a universtiy , I used to study marketing in my seminar .
While I have forgotten most of facts what I have leared through the seminar , there is one thing that I still have not forgot and will be advantageous throughout my life .
It is the phrase , `` What is important is methodology of thinking , but not the knowledge '' from my professor .
He taught me the importance of the phrase through the seminar .
He often explained that in a certain sense , marketing is a methodology of how to attain one 's aim .
When a certain company decides its corporate strategy , it should analyze its competitiors , macro environment and resources of own company .
Taking all those factors into account , a company should decide its strategy .
He added that this methodology , or way of thinking , is always applicable to many different fields .
I completely idea with the idea .
I consider that the way of thinking is essential in terms of achieving goal even at an individual level and I always practice in my work , while I am now working for a financial company .

Second , under a rapidly changing environment , I consider that facts will become obsolete so fast .
I work as a fund manager in London , analyzing Japanese companies .
In my work , I have a number of opportunities to talk with managements and corporate directors from companies , where I learn precious information every time I have meetings with them .
Although what I have to point out is that those `` facts '' which I learn are no longer beneficial for me just couple of months later .
This is because market environment surrounding companies changes dramatically in very short time , thus the companies ' strategies will subsequently have to be adapted .
Therefore , the facts once used to be brand new will be no longer valid in three months time .
Given the facts , I normally try to ask companies of thier thoughts and ideas underlying certain strategies they implement .
This will make me project what kind of strategies they will make when environment changes .

In conclusion , as understanding of concepts and ideas can be applicable to various fields , while facts will become old in relatively short period of time , I would definitely argue that the former is more critical than the latter .
The widely spread belief that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide is for me not only totally wrong , but in complete opposition with what the concept `` to travel '' is intended to be .

First of all , the transportation mean - a bus - is simply not adequate for the activity .
I would assume that if a person travels , this person would like to smell and taste to country to be discovered , would aspire to new connections and interactions .
How can you ever be able to accomplish those aims through the windows of a big tourist bus ?
The best way to discover a new city is to walk down its roads , to loose yourself in it .

Secondly , traveling in a group means that while you visit new places , while you cross unkown environments , mom and dad and maybe your best friend is comfortably seated on your right side .
You feel at home , you engage conversations with the people you live with every other day .
Akward position when the true beauty of traveling around is to meet new people , to ask about their way of seeing things or how they manage their ruts .
Being surrounded by a well organised group does not facilitate the aperture towards the other traveling should be all about .

In third position comes the tour guide issue .
Those guides are often paid by their governments to bring the tourists to specific sites , monuments or landscapes where the infrastructures have been built to receive them .
Economical benefits are therefore in the air , many tourist guides will not hesitate to equivocate supposedly rich people to fill their pockets .

Finally , the overbooked agenda the touring agency plans for you often ends up being more exhausting than the actual work tourists are running away from on vacations .
To travel should mean to live without a watch , to follow the wave , to let the unexpected surprise you .
I would rather avoid any time planing , thus leaving space to improvisation and first impulses .
Two precious elements that will never cross the path of a touring group ...

Traveling in a group led by a tour guide completly disconnects you from reality .
One should know the difference between being a tourist and being a traveller .
I believe the second to be so much worth than the first .
If only people could think that way , they would find a little treasure .
Basically I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping or involving in their comminities .
Young people now live in a modern life that provides them with a lot more choices than they could have had in the past .
Internet is the typical example .
Young people spend a great deal of time surfing on net , whether doing research of school work , chatting with friends or playing online computer game .

There are also other attractions besides internet , such as travelling .
The improvement of transporation allow people to travel to other countries at faster speed and cheaper cost .
It was not common to hear or to see students plan to spend their summer vacation in another country or across the Pacific ocean back in the 60s or 70s .

Moreover , the development of modern society is also the main cause .
Population increase is associated with the growth of modern cities .
More people live in the cities , more children grow up in the cities .
A young man 's childhood in the city could be very different from the one spent his own in the country side .
Due to the different lifestyle , kids grow up in the citiy are generally more distant to strangers and people they are not familiar with .
They are possibly told by the parents and teachers to be aware of strangers when they are young as the crime rate is normally considered higher in the city , such as kidnapping .
Growing under this circumstances will naturally make them more self-centered and distant .

Another reason is probably because the relationship young people have with their comminity is rather shallow .
Most people , including adults and young people , rarely have any interaction with their neighbors .
As a result , they would not devote themselves to community activity ; they 'd rather to spend time focusing on their personal lives .
Having a broad knowledge of numerous academic subjects has several advantages compared to having specialized knowledge on one unique subject ; as it helps individuals in problem solving , grants them with flexibility and is a useful social helper .

Acquiring knowledge on a broad range of subjects first of all broadens one 's perspective extensively .
This in turn will enhance one 's problem solving ability as he/she will be able to approach problems from not a single viewpoint , but attack it from several points .
Therefore , a generalist is likely to come up with more ways to solve a certain problem than a specialist .

A second advantage brought about by gathering knowledge from many academic areas is flexibility .
As one has a certain level of knowledge about many different areas , it is much easier for him or her to make changes in his/her career or life than it is for a person with a knowledge focused on one particular subject .
Flexibility might come handy especially when one is under an obligation to make a change in his/her career .
When the company one works for gets out of business for instance , while the generalist has broader new employment opportunities in different fields , the specialist has to find a job in very specific area he/she has specialized in .

Having a broad knowledge on various academic fields may also be utilized as a social tool .
In order to get socialized with other people , especially with ones that have not been met before , it is essential to find a common ground , or a common area of interest to keep the conversation - or in the long run , relationship - going .
By interesting himself/herself in different fields , one increases not only the chance of finding a common point with the newly met person but also that the relationship will persist .

In a nutshell , people should add as much variety as they can to their scheme of knowledge in order to be better problem solvers , to have the ability to make changes in their lives with ease , and to have better , persistent relationships .
I disagree with the statement that in the next twenty years there would be fewer cars in use than what they are today .

The number of cars that are running today on roads are increasing every day .
The reasons which are contributing to this increase are the high rate of population growth which increases the demand for increased modes of comuting .
and this population growth is steadyly increasing .
Also with the number of people having means to buy the new vehicles are increasing with the per capita income increase .
So people are more willing to spend their money on buying cars which makes commuting much more easier for them as well as their families .
And this increasing trend in increased incomes is here to stay so would be the increased in the number of cars that would be seen on the roads .

Another important factor is the improving technology which introduces a new motor vehicle every month or thereof .
And the rich and wealthy who have the money to splurge , in the drive to have the latest technology for their own use tend to buy these .
The technology is still in development stage , so with further development and inventions of new cars this number would continuously rise sharply .

I would like to substantiate my arguement with a few of my personal experiences .
I was just off to US for my internship and I observed there that its only the major big cities that have a well developed transportation system with frequent public transport system plying on the roads or trains running inboud and outbound of the city .
But the situation in the suburbs is dismal .
The buses ran after an interval of about 45 minutes to an hours , which wastes the cruicial time of the commuters .
So , most of the people prefer to have their own vehicle which make travelling under their accesiblity and control .

Also in India safety is a major concern while travelling by public transport .
With the crime situation worsening every year in the public modes people would prefer to use their own vehicle as they have the affordibitly to do so and it would enhance their safety as well .

So until the government takes step to improve the public transportation even in small cities and suburbs the volume of vehicular traffc would only see an upward trend in the years to follow .

Also , unless the crime rates are reduced and people are made comfortable in travelling by public modes in the coming years the number of cars running would only be seeing a rise in numbers .

Another important step to reduce the number of cars plying on roads is to keep a check on the population growth .
Untill the populaton keeps to grow other factors accumulate with it henceforth increasing the vehicular volume over the next two decades .
I have been studying hard since I was a child and now I am about to graduate in electronical engineering .
In my university path I chose the subjects I wanted to study and where I wanted to specialize in , so I surely think that it is better to acquire skills in one or few fields than to have a broad knowledge , mainly because you will never be able to have a culture so wide that covers all the subjects , and secondly since I am a pragmatic person and I would like to be expert in my field .

Human culture covers a huge variety of topics and subjects so I firmly think that no one is able to build such a vast culture .
In fact I think that even the smartest person of the world such as Einstein could not know everything .
Moreover studying many topics can create confusion or problems to remember all the things you have tried to learn .

According to my pragmatic attitude I greatly prefer to acquire skills in a peculiar topic or field in order to become an expert .
Having a deep knowledge only in one field will help me to find a job that completely fits me and where I think I can contribute actively .
In fact I think that everybody has to contribute to the benefits of society in which he/she lives and there is no better way to do that than focusing on one problem .

In conclusion I absolutely disagree with the statement since I am trying to specialize in one particular field of elecronical engineering in order to become an expert .
In fact I think that I will serve the society in which I live in a better way because focusing on one issue I will have many more possibilities to resolve it .
What do people usually use to guide them when they are traveling ?
I remember two years ago , my friends and I went to New Orleans , Louisiana for a trip .
Before we left , we went online to find all the attractions in the area .
However , we got lost so many times because we did not know the area ; nor did we have a tour guide .
Therefore , I agree with the fact that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because having a tour guide will decrease the chance of getting lost , and it will be less likely to get involved in an accident .

First of all , having a tour guide when traving will decrease the chance of getting lost .
A lot of people , when they go to a certain area for the very first time , inspite of having a map , have the tendency to get lost .
One reason for that is because sometimes the maps that they got online are not updated .
Hence , they get lost on the roads , which can cause them to be angry .
I remember while my friends and I were on our way to a mall , despite the fact that we followed all the directions in the map , we still got lost .
But , we had a tour guide , perhaps , we would not have lost .

Besides having less chance of getting lost when traveling with a tour guide , the possibility of getting an accident is also low .
In Florida , it is said that lots of people die when they go visit a place due to car accidents .
The reason why is by looking at the map while they are driving .
But if they had a tour guide who knows the area very well , they would be less likey to crash .
Thus , a tour guide would be very helpul when traveling .

In conclusion , I am strongly in favor of the idea of having a guide when traveling .
For , this will minimize the chance of getting lost and getting an accident .
It might be confusing at first , or might be obvious that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' , but i disagree on this matter .
It cannot be contradicted that youth is full of exitment , experiencing new things and having a somewhat careless approach towards life because of the lack of responsibilities , but in my view , it is once someone has gone through all of this that they can finally enjoy life .

One of the most important matters proving this point is all of the disapointments experienced during youth .
At a young age , we all are convinced that everything is for the best .
We have unrealistic dreams , and exceedingly high expectations from everyone who surrounds us .
We live in this euphoria , in a perfect world very much like the peaceful garden of Eden .
Then , everyone goes through the unevitable course of life where we are disapointed , fooled and put back on earth .
It does sound terrible but it is only a natural stage in life .
We realize that our parents and siblings are not perfect , that our friends are not perfect .
We experience our first harsh heartbreak .
During adolescences we often live through an akward phase of discomfort with our own selves and do not seem to accept the person we are .
All of these stages are building blocks to make us into the person we end up being and accepting to be as an adult .
The path we need to go through to find who we are is one of the reasons why I do n't believe that young poeple enjoy life more than older people do .

Once we do arrive to the point of adulthood , which I have not personally reached but have observed through my parents and other adults around me , we finally accept who we are .
We look back on events or poeple that suprised us , that disapointed us or that satisfied us in the past and realise that often those helped us become who we are or in some cases are so insignificant .
Being an adult , once a person defines who they are and know who they are in their society , it is only then that they can really enjoy life .
When we have been disapointed and have discovered everyone 's true colors is when we are finally comfortable , and unless we feel comfortable we cannot enjoy life and do everything we really want to do .

Every stage in life is a beautiful one , although it is sometimes hard , but to me adulthood is really the stage we enjoy .
The main objective of any educational system is to try to teach students concepts and facts simultaneously .
It is thought certain than people would become more complete if they could learn both from theory and experience .
However if a choice should be made what part would be better ?
I seems to me that it is more important to understand concepts than to learn facts .
Indeed , ideas and concepts are very difficult to understand and requires specific teaching whereas facts can be learnt throught experience .
Furthermore it is not the role of a teacher to have a deep knowledge of general facts .

Besides the students need to know the theory in order to understand facts .

Ideas and concepts are very vague topics which requires an intense learning program .
Indeed , an idea usually spreads out from centuries , if not millenium , of questionnig and debates and thus a rather long time is needed to understand the basis of an idea .
Therefore , only people who have dedicated their entire life to a certain topic can be able to explain clearly the true meaning of a concept .
Consequently it is merely impossible to aprehend an idea just by witnessing a consequence it might have on a person or a thing .
In the opposite , facts are easily understood by simple observation .
Thus , students might have a better comprehension of unknown facts than new concepts .
For instance , it is more difficult to learn from experience the idea of love than undertanding the reasons of a car crash .
Therefore students should learn what is less easier to experience which in this case are ideas and concepts .

Secondly , as it has been stated in the previous part , only qualified people are able to talk precisely of ideas .
Those experts are refered in the educational system as teachers .
A teacher is a person which has a deep knowledge of a sepcific field of area .
By studying and exchanging ideas with collegues , teachers are able to gain expertise on ideas and concept .
However , the very concept of their expertise is that they do not rely on specific facts but ; ore on general ideas .
For that reason they are not qualified to share their experience with students .

Finally , understanding facts requires that previously the student has been aware of the theory .
A fact can only be fully understood when the underlying ideas and concepts are known .

Students should then concentrate on learning ideas .

Besides the very principle of an idea is that it is therotical and needs to be discussed within groups such as classrooms .

Life provides examples but how could students possibly understand events without the necessary background ?
The field of mechanical engineering has improved in several ways which is being reflected in the new generation cars .
It is cliche that once we get accustomed to a comfortable way of living then it is rather is very tough to get rid of it .
` Comfort ' and ` luxury ' are like traps , once we get caught we could hardly make way out of it .
So thus , I disagree with this argument that cars would face a declivne in their usage .

Cars have been the major modes of transportation in the world since a long time .
People utilize cars for a variety of reasons such as - It gives an enjoyable , thrilling and comfrtable ride , Some people are fanciful about it , It could be utilized at emergency times when public transport is unavailable , in order to avoid crowds in the public transportation , to expose their financial status too .

Cars too have their negative aspects such as increasing air pollution , accidents etc .
But these are avoidable and alterable aspects .
Pollution could be avoided by utilizing unleaded and well rectified petrol .
And people need to be more prudent to avoid accidents .
So thus we could ward offf with the two major negative aspects .

The past ten years has seen immense enhancement in the field of car manufacturing .
New cars with more additional features are beiong produced , which attract the people to it .
So all of a sudden the usage of cars can never cease and there will not be any declination in their number .

I would say that there would be no felicitious reason for the car utilization to drop .
Atleast the manufacturerss would never let this happen .
This field might show more improvementr rather than declination .
Technology is showing tremendous improvement in all ways .
So definitely , car utilization will not decline .

So i conclude by saying that as long as human race exists the Existence of cars too will continue because we humans are after all materialistic and thus the craze for cars will continue .
You can find advertisements everywhere : in newspapers , in the cinema , at bus stations and even on the toilet paper .
So they defenitely influence us a lot .
Often we just buy a new product because the man in the newspaper had such a nice smile .
It 's the question if you really get what they are pretending .
I think there are a lot of products which are in fact not as useful or of the quality the commercial lets them look like .

There exists for example a tv-spot where a handsome girl watches a big screen with an ice-cream on it and while watching it dissapears and suddenly sit 's on an tropic island .
Of course this is not possible in reality but it should show , that together with the ice-cream you buy some tropical feelings .
Advertisements always are used to express some special needings to the person who whatches them .
And a lot of studies show that most of the people are easily to impress , especially with pictures or videos .
From my point of view this is a dangerous fact , because advertisements often promise things which a person does n't just get because of buying the product .
For example the commercials for smokers .
There are always shown a group of modern and happy people , sitting togther , relaxing and of course smoking .
So a young boy might think that if he buy 's those cigarettes he will get a lot of new friends and self-confidence .
But in reality it 's not that easily .

In addition to that , only companies with a great amount of money are able to start commercials .
They will be shown everywhere and a lot of people will buy their products just because of that and not because of thinking it trough if it has got the best quality or the best price .
So I think it 's possible to produce less good products but at the same time sell lots of them just because of a wide range of advertisements .

All in all , from my point of view , advertisements often pretend to give a certain use to the person that buys the product , but in the end it 's often just wishful-thinking .
If you ask me most advertisments make products seem much better than they really are !
Contemporary commercials are perfectly influencing a products success by connecting emotions , wishes and promises on the product .
Often the fame of celebrities or important events is used to enhance the products image .
And as a third point many promoted features you often don ' t need in daily use .

To connect products with emotions and promises could be as old as the history advertisment itself .
People are encouraged to buy a product because of these emotions and suggestions .
A commercial suggestivly promises you .
If you buy this kind of vodka you ' ll becpome invited for important parties and will meet beatiful people .
Advertisment promises that you ' ll be happy when you purchase .

Celebrities often promote products and brands become `` prime '' sponsors of for instance sports events .
People tend to connect these products to the famous properties of the celebrity or the event .
Typically brands try to find their clientel by choosing the appropriate sportsman or event to sponsor .

Very often many promoted features don ' t be needed in real life .
The so called innovative shaver by new technology basically makes the same job as an older one and the amazing highspeed or acceleration of a new sports car can ' t be driven because of the speed limits .

Altogether according to me successful advertisment has to heighten a products image because of the hard competition among many similar products of the selling market .
Furthermore the companies have to attract people to buy things and to refuse the old ones .
First of all this is a rule of our economic society and of course there more and more things around us to being purchased .
If you become a critical user and buyer you will detect all these mostly unwarranted `` heightened meanings '' .
I think that this statements can not be considered probable for several different reasons .
I guess the most important one is that there are many not Western countries ( as China ) , where the presence of cars is actually not comparable with the one in the Western countries , which are fastly growing and whose request of cars for inabithant is growing in the same proportion , That makes the requestes for new cars to improve really fastly , and this is not a short term event .

The second reason is that to have a car is still an extremly important stutus symbol , which would be hardly dismissed by a large part of the population .
To have a car , expecially a fast and expensive one , is a central way to subline the own social position , and I do not find any reason which suggest that it would change in the next twenty years .

Third , there is a general financial problem in the balances of the majority of the states of the world .
This condition takes away sources from the investiments , also from the innovation and the development of the pubblic transports ( with the exception of some big city ) .
This fact obliges many people to use a car , which means to have a car , even if they would prefer not to use it .
Honestly I do not think that in the next twenty years there will be found new sources to make the cars not to be necessary .

The last point is that the car industry is still one of the central industry of the world .
Its crisis would mean a strong crisis of the global economy , and twenty years are not enough to transform a strategical section of the economy in another one : it is improbable that in twenty years the car industry can convert is production toward other kinds of goods whithout a strong social impact .
This is even the reason why the car production is so protected by the national institutions in so many different countries .
I do not agree with this statement .
I believe that young people enjoy life , but I do n't think that young people enjoy life more that older do .
I am 26 years old , I should support the idea that young people enjoy life more that older people do .
However , in my personal experience I have an example that shows that there is one factor , that indipendently from the age can make people enjoy life .
This factor is in the spirit of the people that makes people enjoy the life in every age .
My grand father told me `` keep your spirit young , joyful , and be passionate about learn and listen new things and you will be young in the spirit and you will enjoy life forever '' .
I believe that this is the real key to be happy and enjoy the life in an young age , but continue to enjoy it in an older age .
Before I mention my Grand father .
Well , he his the person that had a great influence in my life and changed my point of view to see life and to enjoy it .
He was 93 years old .
I used to call him the older young boy .
So , he had an interesting life .
First , he fight in the first war , he was an italian spie for the italian government , when the italy fight the first war world .
In addition , he saved many people that were ready to be killed in Germany in the Secon world war .
He knew ten different languages and he travelled in all the world .
However , he was a simple man , humble in the spirit , always ready to listen young and older people .
I has a wonderful memories .
I remeber , when I was child he was showing me the earth , and he used to tell me , Raffaele , be simple like the earth and be always ready to learn new thing becasue this will be the medicine that will keep you young and will give you the elisir to enjoy life .
This example , shows how an old person could enjoy life , without being young , because it was the strenght in his heart .
the light of life in his soul that made him enjoy life .
Today I live in a difficolt world were young people try to enjoy life with drugs and other illunary ideal .
In conclusion , Many times I think about my older Grand father and I tried to fallow his advice .
I hope so !
I agree and disagree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
I think whether or not this statement is true depends on age groups and on cultures and societies .

In Japan where students compete with each other for entering good high schools and colleges , they need to spend so much time on studying for high school and college entrance exams and they do not have time to enjoy thier life .
However once they anter colleges they can spend their time on whatever they like to do .
They earn money by working part time and spend the money to travel around the world or to do some sports or to have parties .

After students graduate from their collesges and start working , they again lose time to enjoy their life .
Corporate workers in Japan are expected to work very hard and for many hours a day by their companies .
Marrige and having children reduce their free time further and add financial burdens on them .
Many corporate workers long for their retirement time to come and they try to save little money they have in order to enjoy life after the retirment .

In Japan , snior citizens who are over 60 and retired from their work are concidered to be richest group of people .
They have money from saving they did during all those years of working for their companies and also from pension fund .
They have a lot of free time .
Hence , they have enough time and money to enjoy their life at last .

The situation in Japan I described may be different in other countries .
In poor countries , young people can not afford to go to colleges and ther are expected to work at their early age .
The governments or poor countries can not provide pension to their senior citizens , so old people there can not enjoy their life as old people in rich countiries like Japan can afford to .

To enjoy our life , we need some free time and money .
But it is very difficult to have enough money and enough free time at the same time in toda
Evaluating on the topic question i agree with the statement .
I belive that the government and the people have started acting on this issue already .
Combustion is one of the main problems causing global warming the headlines which read that London will be under water in 60 years if we do not act soon , are terrifying people .
Hydrogen buses and cars are being built but still people are being convinced to take public transport .
As the years progress and global warming gets worse people will start to realise what is happening in the past people did not really act upon what was being said because they knew that it was not going to affect them , but it has come to a time were it will affect our generation wether we like it or not and as soon as people start realising that , then they will start doing something about it .
Big cars will be banned from major cities and families will be forced to own only one car .
The amount and size of cars today is ridiculous there is no more parking anywere and soon there will be no more petrol available to us .
Making it more expenisve to fill up your car so people will take more public transport .
Our world has changed enormously and people now have jobs away from home making the families own two or more cars .
Even though it is our world at stake .
London is working on banning land rover 's today as we speak they apparently take up to much space and parking , the process will carry on limiting people to only fundamental transport .
People are starting to realise what a mess of the world we have made , and the changes occuring around us such as the Maldives going under water or natural disasters such as the Tsunami are all effects of what we are doing to the planet and people are slowly realising what has got to be done .
Fewer cars will also hopefully make people use the most of what is around them such as holidays in their own countries and therefore will also lower the use of other big means of transport such as airplanes and boats which as well as cars are polluting the environment .
I do n't agree with this statement .
I think people can enjoy life no matter how old they are .
I also think a person can feel miserable no matter they were young or old .
The reason people enjoy life has nothing to do with there age but is caused by other external factors and circumstances .

One factor that helps most people to enjoy life is being around the people they love .
This means that an old lady could enjoy life by being around her grandchildren .
It also means , that a young boy can feel miserable and unhappy when he is living away from his parents and friends .

Another factor which causes people to enjoy life is health .
People in good health usually enjoy life more than other sick people .
This means , that an eighty years old man who is in an excellent health condition is most probably enjoying life more than a sick eight year old boy .

Never the less , I believe that financial security help people to enjoy life .
Richer people usually has more means to enjoy life than poorer people .
This might sound shallow , but no one can deny that it is true .
This means that a very old billionaire can enjoy his life as he can use his money to do fun activities like travel .
At the same time , a young poor man may not be enjoying his life as he does'nt have the means to have any luxury .

In the end , I would like to stress how I do n't think age affects how much people enjoy life .
I think you can enjoy life wheather you were young or old ; however I believe there are other things which help some people enjoy life such as good health , money and being around the people you love .
People often argue about what is more important for students to learn : ideas and concepts ; or facts .
Based on my four years of experience as a teacher , I strongly believe that it is far more important for students to learn ideas and concepts .
Facts change very quickly , whereas ideas and concepts remain useful for a lifetime .

One of the most important objectives of education is to prepare the students for their future careers .
I believe that students who understand the ideas and concepts well have a much better chance to succeed in the future than those who simply learn facts .
This is especially evident in disciplines like science and engineering , where there is very little that one can do by simply memorizing facts .
A student who only learns the basic equations about electricity can not solve problems that involve combining various concepts or ideas .
It is far more important for the student to understand the fundamental concepts and ideas , and develop an ability to make use of these concepts to develop his or her own solutions to practical problems .
Similary , in history , it is a lot more important to understand the context of a war , rather than learn the simple fact that the war took place in a certain year .
For example , it would be a lot more useful to understand why and how Hitler came to power in Germany , rather than the dates of particular events .

Another factor that illustrates the relative importance of understanding ideas and concepts over learning facts is also evident from the rate at which facts are changing .
The rapid developments in science and technology change the so-called facts at such a high speed that it does not make sense for a student to spend too much time on learning facts .
As a teacher , I often notice that many text-books that I have begun to use for my classes only a few years ago have already become out of date !
Ideas and concepts , on the other hand continue to be valid over much longer periods of time .
Moreover , in many cases , it is even possible for the students to apply a concept they learned in one area to some other areas .
Facts , on the other hand , can not be easily transferred from one area to another .
I agree with the statement for several reasons .

Many centuries ago , the total amount of scientific knowledge was not very big .
One usually think of a man of the 16 century , say Galileo , as a complete man only if he or she master all the aspect of science .
Nowadays , every specific discipline has grown to an extend that it is impossible to master it all .
For example , lets concentrate on Physics .
There are lots of very specific sub-fields , like Barion Particle Physics or Maser Optics .
It is impossible to know everything about all the specific sub-fields , even if we concentrate only in Physics .
Since it is not possible to master an entire discipline like Physics , I think the best option is to try to know a little bit about everything .

Second , people specialized in a specific subject can find very hard to interact with other scientists .
Every discipline has its own mathematical tools , its own vocabulary and its own way of thinking .
Therefore it is really difficult to get a good interaction between a Biologist and a Geologist .
A person who can handle many academic subjects can interact with a lot of people .

Third , a scientist who has a broad knowledge can always get advise from a expert in a specific field when needed .
It will be much harder for an expert to get an aplication of his knowledge in other fields because of the lack of knowledge of the potential applications .
For example , it could be really hard for a Matematiscian to get an application of some probability theory to sociology .
On the other hand , a sociologist that knows a little of mathematics , could ask an expert all the questions he or she has .

In conclusion , I think it is a better strategy to try to manage several disciplines .
One can always get advise from an expert if needed .
Also it will be easier to interact for a person who knows about several academic subjects .
This statement definitely has a lot of truth to it .
I totally agree with the statement since I believe that only when one takes risks can he/she be different from others .
Being different from others means thinking differently than others and having unique ideas and thoughts .

One is said to be taking a risk when he/she is doing something out of the ordinary with an element of uncertanity .
This involves being creative , imaginative and most importantly innovative .
Most successful businessmen in the world are where they are beacuse they had taken a risk .
They took the first step and used their artistic abilities to do something that others had not done .
Bill Gates , the CEO of Microsoft took the risk of using his ideas and investing in it to produce a useful outcome .
He was greatly successful is his approach and now is among the richest people in the world .

Great figures in history have taken risks to achieve what they have aimed for .
Turning back time and looking at American History we can clearly see that the British took a big risk of entering an unconquered and undiscovered territory , which is now the United States of America .
They definitely knew that they had a fair chance or no chance of acquiring what they had desired .

Everything in life holds risks , whether they are risks investing in shares of a multinational or buying an good from the electronic store as an investment for your own home .
But , risks involved in being a successful person hold much more than that .
Logical thinking and one 's creative abilities encourages him/her to take risks .

However , sometimes taking risks can be dangerous .
We should clearly evaluate the degree of risks we are about to take and state the dangers involved .
Risks can directly or indirectly harm an individual or the society as a whole .
Therefore this should be considered before attempting any risks .

If everyone in this world continued to do what they already know how to do well , there would not be any developments in terms of technology , scientific achivements or even physical abilities to do something .
We would be living in a fairly backward society with no room for any innovation or creativity .

Sometimes , we should think outside the box and take these risks which will help us to be known and will probably bring fame and make us successful .
One who takes risks is more likely to be successful than one who does not .
The simple reason being the latter does not believe in himself/herself and does not have enough confidence and courage to get his idea out to the world .
Eventhough a tour guide can provide the traveller detailed and additional information about a place , I believe that the best way of travelling is in a group of people that self manage themselves .

To me , travelling represents one of the finest and happiest moment of my life .
It allows me to free my mind from the everyday routine through the discovery of a new country , different people , social customs and behaviors .
For this reason , I like to organize my journey by myself , leaving open a lot of possibilities during the travel instead of planning the package `` ex ante '' with a tour guide .

Furthermore , nowadays it is very easy to obtain relevant information about a specific journey .
Travellers guides and the incredible amount of information contained in the internet can defintely help filling the informational gap of a traveller without hiring a specific person from the place .

In my opinion travelling is a constant process of discovery the reality that sorrounds me .
This is a learning by doing process in which every mistakes leads to a potential unexpected and positive situation that otherwise would n't had occured .
On the other hand , the presence of a tour guide would inevitably make the journey very precise and strictly scheduled without allowing for the possibility of errors and unexpected situations .

This combination of failures and successes makes me feel part of the place I am visiting and , at the same time , it gives me the incredibile opportunity to get in touch and talk with many people .
The contact with locals is crucial in the discovery process of the travel and the presence of a tour guide would undermine a lot the ability to interact with other people .

For all these reasons i strongly believe that traveling alone or with a group of good friends led by themselves is the best way of enjoying and taking advantage of the full potentials of a journey .
It is often said that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Is it really so or has this statement no sense at all ?
Whenever an advertisement is conceived , an important issue , a part from the commercial target being aimed at , is the impact given or the message to be transmitted .
This naturally derives in a series of techniques adopted to produce the propaganda .
Many of these techniques might seem to make products look better than they actually are and therefore spark outrage .
Other do not instead , no doubt about that .
So the question is , are most advertisements like that ?

The answer relies on two issues .
One regards logical interpretation of the statement , the other , simple observation of propaganda itself .
As a matter of fact , the meaning of the word ` most ' should be specified beforehand .
But let us not pay attention to this cynical point .
As for observation , it is obvious that the type of product being advertised has an enourmous specific weight in the discussion .
For instance , certain products such as medicines cannot be made to look like better than what they actually are , whereas magical fat-loss meals tend to be over-advertised and are likely not to work .

Of course , generally , advertisements tend to outline the positive aspects of a product .
But this is justified by the nature itself of pubblicity .
So , in a way , the phrase could be always considered as correct .

On the other hand , as what is being put into discussion is not the nature of advertisement itslef , it would be fair enough to acknowledge the way propaganda is meant to be and proceed to reason not on the essence , but on the form of the problem .

In conclusion , the statment might be accurate or less accurate depending on the type of product considered , let still the nature of propaganda .
It is complex to clasify young people .
Some are really concious and helpful while other are just selfish members of society , consuming the money of their parents and wasting time .

Community service is now a very well recognised activity , specially by universities .
That 's why so many students get involved in helping others , to get points for their CV .
From my point of view people who do that are really mean and unfair .
It is really beatiful to say that everyone loves helping the poor and the disabled , but actually not everyone likes to spend their free time in treating this type of people .

I do like going some weekends to the nearest home to help mentally insane people .
My school organizes this actitivity , and I 've seen so many people who only went there to get points for the community service program .
It is really deceiving to see this young people , sometimes your friends , standing there doinmg nothing and basically not helping , but disturbing your work .

But apart from helping in homes and special centers , communitiy service also involves keeping clean your street , the parks you visit in your free time and helping in your particular home .
With this I mean not throwing garbage everywhere ( just because you think someone is going to pick it for you ) , helping your mum to make dinner or wash the dishes after it , and so many other simple activities .
Young people do n't seem to be very interested in this activities either .
They think their only obligations are to get home , do their homework and study ( even though many students do n't even follow this directions ) .

In conclusion , generally young people , specially teenagers , do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Going further , the ones who actually give , are expecting somekind of benefit .
Only a few youngsters follow the pattern of `` good member of society '' , and sadly those ones are considered the freak , instead of being encouraged .
Surely better education could change this common selfish attitude ; even though you cannot make a silk purse out of a sours ear , and some people wont change in all their lifes .
Though I think there are lots of successfull people who focus on their expertised area and are doing quite well , I agree that extremely successfull people try new things and invent something new by taking risks rather than doing ordinary things because completely new concepts , business ideas and theories are really rare and very admired through times and usually accompany economical rewards if succeed , too .

There are not so many scientists , including Newton , Darwin and Einstein to name a few , who changed the way we see the world .
The modern life are based on these fundamental new sciences and technologies and they are remembered together with their accomplishments forever even by children who do n't know what exactly they accomplished .

In business environment , the most potentially rewarding job role is entreprener who tries to create a new entity which provides a new products or ways of doing things .
The reason behind this is that it is very challenging to accomplish it but it could eventually change the life of the people around to a certain extent and be appreciated and remembered .

By these reasons , I think mots successfull poeple are the peson who tries to do something new and succeeds in affecting the way people think and live in better ways though it is quite difficult to succeed .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
We can see that in the increasing lack of staff in charity organisations and lack of volunteers in elderly homes and orphanages .
However , there are three reasons that can justify why young people are n't available for such services as their counterparts had been thirty or fourty years ago .

First of all , the educational requirement have increased on the average and hence the time required by young people to obtain the necessary qualifications .
Thirty or forty years ago a diploma was good enough to practice medicine , have your own clinic or work in a hospital with a good salary .
Nowadays you need much more than that , at least one Master degree and several researches as well as a membership of a well-known Medical body Like the Royal Assembly of British surgeons .
The same applies to all levels of education required to perform certain jobs .

Second comes the fact that education , and life in general , is becoming more and more costly .
This forced many young people to go to work early in their lives to support themselves or even their families sometimes .
In fact , most of college and post graduate students in some areas are part time students and part time workers .
This has placed heavy pressure on the free time available for charity activities The situation becomes even worse if these young people decided to have families with one or two children .
In this case the demand would be increased so much that some of them go home for only three to four hours to rest and spend the remaining hours working in more than one job or taking care of their children or studing , in case they were ambicious and persistent enough to do that .

We now come to the third reason in my opinion which is entertainment .
This can be subdevided into two subcategories .
First is the little time left , if any , for relaxing and enjoying , after the previous two reasons I mentioned .
In this case young people prefer to spend such time in having fun and enjoying themselves rather than engage in an activity that will help the society but be more depressing to them .

The other subcategory is the abundance and diversification of entertainment means that did n't exist two or three decades ago .
Such abundance and diversification is much more tempting to young people than working in an elderly house or decorating the streets .
They can select between cinemas , clubs , different kinds of sports or musical parties .
and all exist in each of their areas .
Thiry years ago there would be only one or two means of entertainment and not working all the time even .

That is the way I can interpret the increasing lack of interest by young people to help their communities .
NEW THINGS AND TAKING RISKS

Nowadays when you turn on TV you will probably see a discussion program about the importance of trying new things and taking risks .
Although some people think that to be successfull , people should not do new things which means risks , I think the best way to become successeful in our era is doing new things and taking risks for mainly two reasons .

To begin with , new things means new opportunities and as a result of this while people do something for the first time , they also have the change of getting its benefits for the first time .
For instance , let 's think that you are the first person who opens a hamburger restaurant .
In other words you are doing a new thing with high risk level .
However you will be more successful than any other person who does the same thing after you ; becaus you will be able to make a lot of profit before others understants that this is a profitable way .
As you can see this will be the opportunity that you get as a result of taking risks .

Secondly , new things makes people able to do whatever they want and as a result of this , they can easily become successful .
For example , Mickey Mouse is so famous today ; however the inventor of this character tried something new in order to do the things he had imagined .
Infact when he planed to draw this character he was not sure about the popularity of Mickey Mouse but he took the risk and become successful .

Opponents argue that , doing new things means lots of stress and this prevents people from being successful .
However this is unlikely tp be true ; because altough there may be some problems at the begining , after a while the risk takers will probably become sucessfull and then everything will be easier and less stressful for him or her .

To sum up , I thinf doing new things and taking risks are the key facters to become a successful person .
I thing everybody should be aware of this .
If they are then our world would become a better place to live in .
Do not you agree ?
I do not feel that young people enjoy life more than older people do because I believe that they are also humans ans every human enjoy 's his life to fullest and to the best of his capacity .
Even though there idea or way of enjoyment is different .
We should also not forget that these old people were also young someday so they know much better than young people the defination of `` Enjoying . ''

I do not feel that older people enjoy life less this is because being a human they always have a desire of enjoyment .
There may be the case that there ways of enjoyment is different as compared to young people because of the constraints such as age or physical disability which comes with age .
For example for the young people enjoyment could be doing mountain climbing or playing basket ball but because of age they are not able to do all these activities .
Instead they love to go for a walk or sit with friends and have coffee which young people find boring .
This made them think that old people dont know enjoyment .
They tend to forget that these old people were also young and have done all these activities .

Secondally , I feel this because older people also have various responsibilities toward their work and families and being old society also expects that them to be responsible for their actions but young people are generally away from these tension .
Even then we find older people laughing and always present and supporting these young generation .

Thirdly , Older people with their experience and intelligence which grows with time know the proper defination of enjoyment .
It does not mean trying out risky acts such as driving a bike at high speed or keeping your both hands free , which younger generation find the idea of real fun .
Instead they know that it is a shear stupidity and not fun .
On the other hand you will find older people driving slowly and listening to a romantic music with their better halfs in side or you will also see them with their grand children and singing a famous nursery rhyme .

At last , I would like to conclude it as that the older people find their happiness or they enjoy when their family is happy , when these younger people are happy .
So , it would be very wrong on anybody 's part to say that `` young people enjoy more life than older people do '' instead it should be said that '' Older people make younger people to enjoy. `` because all the tensions of life are taken by them and the younger people are left free of all problems .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Firstly , I think that to enjoy life has nothing to do with the age .
Older people can enjoy life as much as young people do .
Sometimes older people even know more about how to enjoy life and enjoy life more because they are older than the young people and realize what is more precious to the life .
For example , when my mother was young , she wanted to earn more money and brought up the child in a big house .
She worked hard .
She had little time to stay with the children .
When she was old , the children all left and went to university in another city or even in another country .
She realized that she would have spent more time with the children when the children stayed at home if she had been young again .
Obviously nothing is more delightful and memorable than to enjoy yourself with your dear childrens .
There are also many examples that the young people regret the days that they would enjoy the life better .

Secondly , we have many ways to enjoy the life .
The ways are not better or worse .
They are not less or more .
Young people may want to dance , to sing , to skate or to climb the mountain .
Older people prefer reading , watching television or just watching the sunset by the sea .
During the different period in our life , we have different ways to enjoy life .
Life can be as active as a tiger and life can also be quiet and calm as a small river .
We enjoy life in the different period .
When we are young , we want to challenge and to take risk .
When we are older , we can enjoy the peacefulness and normal happines in the life .

In a word , I disagree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
It is not a question of age .
In fact , it is a question of attitude .
We can enjoy life in any stage of our life as long as we know how to appreciate the beauty of the life and to cherish what we have possessed .
It frequently happens to me that I buy a product I have seen on an advertisement .
But in the end , it does not meet my expectations .
I completely agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I believe this way because there exist several reasons explaining why products are not as good as their advertisements .
By looking at the profit the advertising company makes , the competition between numerous companies as well as the way the product is presented it seems understandable for me that products are not as good as one thinks .

Firstly , the product on the advertisement shall appeal to the customer .
The company providing the product pursues the goal to make profit .
It can only reach a high amount of money if sufficient people purchase the product .
Therefore , the company has to make the product seem as best as possible .

Secondly , one also has to take into consideration that the company always competes with other companies , especially if the product is not a unique one .
If the product should be sold successfully , the company has to present it in a convincing way .
Although the product is not as good as other products , it nevertheless should not show its weaknesses but its strenghts .
The purpose of advertising is to persuade the customer that this is the only right and best product .
Therefore , the company usually has to make the product better than it actually is .
Additionally , the company does not pay any attention to the customer 's expectations .
It only pretends to want to meet the them , but it is not necessarily significant for the company .

Thirdly , the company wants to appeal to a wide range of people in order to influence their decision to buy the company 's product positively .
As a result , the company is forced to present its product in a general way .
It cannot reveal specific features because the company does not know if this appeals to each customer .
In consequence , the company presents its product better as it really is in order to make money with it .

In conclusion , all these aspects prove why products are not as good as the advertisements pretend to be .
The main purpose for advertisement is to make profit out of the product .
Therefore , the product has to seem wonderful , although it is not .
There has been a lot of change in the behaviour and attitude of the youth towards their communities nowadays as compared to earlier times .
Today , young people are more concerned about their own personal development rather than the developement of the communtiy they live in .

Because of more professional competition between people and a desire to move up the success ladder , people have forgotton their social responsibilties .
They have forgotton what their community has given to them and what their duties are .
Young people leave no stone unturned to be successful and work with all energy and detremination for their own growth .
But they often have lack of time for helping their communities , most of the youth are not concerned and sometimes are not even aware of who their neighbours are and about the societies they live in .

In earlier days , youth worked hard for community upliftment .
For example , Swami Vivekananda , apart from his personal growth , also worked for improving the status of women in the society .
His followers preached his ideas and principles and this led to the betterment of the society .

Such examples are rare to be seen now .
Advances in science and technology have helped the society but have also brought many mishaps .
People are thought of as machines , who work day and night without worrying about their parents who would be waiting for them at home .
Youth have forgotton towards their responsibility towards their own parents .

Youth have taken to several different forms of entertainment as a source of passing their time .
In their free time , they would surf the net or hang out with friends .
To give an example , many of my college mates pay no attention to the news or any natural calamities .
They are only concerned about them and their relatives .

This trend can be easily seen in case of a calamity like droughts , floods where people above the age of 40 are actively involved in the helping the affected people .
Youths are preoccupied with other non significant issues like a party at their friends place or a routine get together .

Hence , with the help of the above mentioned points I conclude that youth nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities .
Wisdom is usually associated with age .
The older we get , the wiser we become .

I agree with this idea because experiences teach us what to do and what not to do .
For example , a child could cut himself by picking up a knife from its blade rather than the handle , but he will learn not to do it again .

In other words , young people do not enjoy life more than young people because they learn through pain .
This does not mean adults do not experience pain , but they know how to avoid it better .
In some way , adults have learned to distinguish the roads that lead to joyful events rather than painful ones .

A perfect example would be the use of alcohol .
Young people tend to binge-drink because they have not learned to distinguish how much alcohol their bodies can tolerate .
On the other hand , grown-ups have already learned this after repeated hangovers , and instead , they learn to experience the taste of a good wine .
Something potentially harmful becomes a pleasure instead .

However , it is not a rosy picture for grown-ups because they have more responsabilities than young people .
Yet , responsabilities usually comes hand in hand with more freedom .
This gift of freedom is not a blank cheque because one has to work hard to earn money and be responsible for oneself .

But on the other hand , kids depend too much on their parents ' time and money .
They may have a lot of fun , but their freedom to move and do as they please is limited .
If kids and teenagers living in big cities want to go to the movies , they usually need their parents to drive them to the cinema .
They could do it alone by bus , but parents are sometimes afraid something could happen on the way .

To sum up , youger people do not enjoy life more than older people because as the years go by , one acquires independence and experience .
These two elements in my value system are not a magic keys to instant happiness but they are keys for doing whatever makes us happy without falling into painful situations .
The statement whether there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in the next twenty years is a controversial one .
On one hand , the number of cars are bound to increase since spending power of people is increasing which enables them to buy cars .
On the other hand , it may be possible that there will be a vast reduction in the number of cars due to lack of resource which drives the car i.e. Gasoline .
However , I believe that the number of cars in next two decades are going to increase .

One reason for my belief is that the ease with which a consumer can buy a car in today 's world .
Even if the consumer is short on cash , he can easily buy the car on installments , a facility which is provided by most of the showrooms .
Moreover , banks also play a big role in purchase of car by introducing auto loans which enables their customer to borrow the money from bank and pay them later with easy installments with marginal interest rate .

Another reason for my belief is that the humans in today 's world are looking for comfort .
Gone are the days where people believed in physical workout to make sure that they stayed fit .
Today 's generation holds the thought that comfort is the best pleasure of life .
With such ideology , its highly likely that each individual would like to own a car for his comfort .
Not only owning a car leads to comfort , its also considered as a part of ` status symbol ' in our society .
People owning luxury cars are given a high status in the society whereas people owning no cars are generally looked down upon .
If a person does not own a car then many people form the opinion that he is not financially stable which is why he cannot afford to buy a car .

Perhaps the best reason for my belief is that even though there is going to be shortage of gasoline in coming years , scientists are continuouslly trying to come up with alternative sources which can drive the cars .
Many such inventions have already taken place such as a solar powered car which gets its fuel from the sun 's rays or a battery powered car .
Although these cars are not widespread in use as of yet but its a great possibility that they will be widely in use in the coming decades .

In addition , there is also no restriction imposed by any governement in the world on ownership on number of cars which leads the consumers in buying of cars without worrying about breaking any law .
That is why we see many families owning more than one car .
Thus , the above reasons substantiate my disagreement with the statement .
In the last couple of decades , - uninvited - the field of advertising has expanded vastly into the everyday life human beings .
No matter where people are ; at their homes , on the street or in a movie theater an advertisement will be waiting for them to promote a commodity , no matter how good or bad it is in reality .
Given that the power of advertisement is obvious in our age there appears to be no reason why it would not be able to sell products which do not deserve to be bought , given their quality and price .
Thus the advertisements often do make products sold by making them seem better than they are .

The first way of making a product look good is the use of clean images and role models , introducing the product as a saver of the individual .
For instance in wax commercials the product seems to remove all the hair from the body never to return .
The viewer sees the image of a top model who probably never had much body hair at all , looking at her eyes and telling her that she could be smooth like her if sheused the product .
Imitating someone we like or trust is an old habit of human beings , thus the customer buys the wax and in a few months she realizes that the wax actually feeds the roots of the hair and just a few weeks following the epilation she will have even stronger body hair , harder to remove .

The second way that advertising makes bad commodities sold is repetition , so as to say the frequency of commercials .
Whenever a new product is introduced to the public the advertisements are shown dozens of times in such short times to brainwash the viewers and finally making them think why they remember this product so well .
In time they begin to believe that they remember it probably because it is a good and they feel the urge to try it at least once .
That is how they go to the mall and grab the advertised product .
A very good example of this can be observed in Turkey where the singer Ajdar has sold hundreds of thousands of his album just because his rather funny songs were repeated in almost every 2 hours on TV , while the Turkish popstar Tarkan suffered from a conflict that existed between him and his advertising agency and barely sold fifty thousand with his flashing album .

Advertisements are everywhere wheter for the bad or for the worse .
They have already sneaked into the minds of the consumers with the support of a long history of visual communication skills and tricks .
Therefore it seems like anything that is bought for any price may not be the best choice .
The decision on the best way to travel is dependent on a several factors .
These include the similarity of the region being excursed with that of where the traveller hails from , cost and availability of information about the area travelled to and the personality of the traveller .
The best way to travel differs in different situations .

If the traveller is absolutely unaware of the culture of the place he or she is visiting , travelling in a group led by a tour guide may be the best thing to do .
Eg .
If I do not know French and I want to visit France , travelling with a tour guide will be beneficial since I can enjoy my trip and learn everything I want to about France without letting the language barrier hamper me .
I could escape the mammoth task of learning French and planning trips and comfortably rely on the tour guide .
Travelling in a group in this situation helps provide me with a sense of security which is important to get in a foreign country .
It may also provide interesting social interaction when friends and family are sparse in a foreign country .

In this situation where all the travel details are on the burdened on the tour guide , it becomes imperative that the tour guide is proficient in his or her knowledge of the region and makes the right decisions about places to visit and sharing the history of the region .

In another situation , if a person is travelling to merely a different state or city in his or her own country or a neighbouring country where the cultures are similar , it might be beneficial to plan the trip by the person himself or herself .
This might give the person the maximum flexibility in travel plans and the person can avoid any dependence on the proficiency of a tour guide .
There is little fear of insecurity since the culture is familiar to the traveller .

Besides these two main different situations described , another factor to consider is cost and the availability of internet resources .
Nowadays the internet has alot of information regarding travel destinations and if a person spends a little mount of time , he or she may be able to plan their own trips in the most cost effective way .

On the other hand a tour guide may be an expensive proposition since the tour guide has done all the hardwork of planning the trip and is sure to charge a hefty fee for it .

The last factor regarding this decision is the personality of individuals .
Some people do not like to be constrained by another persons ' decisions , in this case the tour guide and want to plan things their way , while others may be more than glad to leave the travel planning to a tour guide .

In summary there is no `` best '' way to travel .
It is wise to take into account one 's personality , familiarity with the place being travelled to with respect to culture and cost considerations while determining the best way to travel .
I could imagine that this statement might become true .
Several reasons lead me to this conclusion .

First , in the future jobs in agriculture will be replaced by more technology .
As a consequence the people will move into towns .
There are trams , subways and buses , so a car is no longer needed .

Second , in future times will be ( hopefully ) more conservation .
People will try to reduce emissions , so they will share buses and will use trains .

I could imagine that globalization will contribute to a reduction of cars , too .
A better connection of cities , countries and continents will be neccessary .
More flights , for example , will exist .

Because I live in Germany , let 's look at my country .
If I live in Berlin and have to work in Munich , I have the choice to go by train , plane or car .
The advantage of the car is that there is no specific time when I have to start from Berlin , I can decide on my own .
Today , the plane and the train have fix times of departure .
The disadvantage of the car is the long traveling time .

But imagine , in the future more and more people have to travel between Berlin and Munich because of the globalization .
Much more trains and planes will be .
Then there will no longer be the question `` Will I go by plane/train or by car ? '' because it simply takes too long .
As you can see , here the car is replaced , too .

Another reason for fewer cars might be a raise of working time .
In the future people propably have to work more than today , so they will have less leisure time .
A a result they will have less time to drive out of the city to see the nature , for example .
A car is not neccessary any more , because in town they will , as already mentioned , have trains and buses .

In conclusion I can say that I can imagine very well that there will be fewer cars in use in future and I really do hope so because then there would be less emission which contibute to the depletion of the ozon layer .
I would disagree with the following statement for several reasons .
First of all , it is important to have an understanding on a variety of subjects beacuse specializing in one thing only can limit your perspective in life , and it can cause you to view the world around you with a narrow mind .
However it is important to acknowledge and recognize that in order for you to fully appreciate something you must specialize in it and understand it in its depth and profoundness .

For example , if you take a look at an ordinary school , you have different teachers for every subject .
Your calculus teacher is different than your literature teacher .
Each teacher must specialize in a specific subject in order to convey suffiecient and proper information to the students .
However , that does n't mean that the teacher is narrow-minded and has a limited perspective in life because to specialize in one subject does n't hinder you or stop you from exploring other subjects .
I plan to continue my studies in the area of engineering which specifically specializes in math and science , this does n't mean that I will stop reading novels , history text books , and writing .
In fact I will have more time to explore these things and enjoy them because I am no longer obliged to do them .

In order for a person to be successful in life they must be well-rounded .
However if someone had merely a broad knowledge of all subjects and not specialized in any , then that person cannot do extremely well in one area .
What good will it do if the engineer building your house is not specialized in math but has a broad knowledge of it ?
This will definitely cause some promblems .
In order for society to function people have to specialize in different things .
If we take a look at the ancient civilizations of Rome and Greece , we find that even then there was the merchant , the priest , the philosopher , and the general in the army .
What made those civilizations distinctive from their contemporaries was a result of their varieties .
In those empires not everyone was a farmer or a nomad but different people had different specialites .
Because of the engineers buildings such as the Colloseum were built and because of the philosophers such as Aristotle and Plato , new philosophical theories were explored .
This led to the successes of these two empires and their ability to surpass thier neighboring empires and become world powers .
If everyone merely had a broad knowledge of things , then what would differentiate the engineer from the philosopher .
How will people be unique ?
How will they pursue what they are good at ?
This is why it is better to have people specialize in one subject because it will make them understand it better and it will also add to the diversity of our world .
I do not agree with the opinion that the best way to travel is in a group accompanied by a tour guide .
The reasons for my point of view are as follows .

Firstly , travelling alone gives a person greater flexibility to plan his/her trip .
He is not bound by the physical or other constraits that could be forced on him by his group members .
For example , if he were travelling in a group and many of his groupmates were old he would n't be able to plan a day of trekking or climbing .
Another example is time constraint .
While travelling in a group , one has to wake up when others do and be ready to do what all the others are doing .
If one person does not feel like seeing a place , say like a fort that day , he or she would still have to do it because it is in the group plan .

Secondly , a single traveller can get a better feel of the local culture by experiencing it on his own while interacting with the locals .
If however he is travelling on a structured tour , he can only learn about the place by listening to the tour guide and by visitng the well known often touristy places that the guide takes him to .
Also , he would be left with little time to interact with local population if he is part of a group and is socializing with the group members most of the time .

I do understand that travelling alone can sometimes be boring and some people are less confident doing things on their own .
But , I would like to point out that travelling alone is really lot of fun if the person travelling takes time to talk to locals and probably do things the local way for a change and experience the flavor of the place .
Thus according to me it is the more adventurous way of travelling .
If one is lucky one can sometimes get to experience unique things by exploring alone than by going with the group doing the routine things .
I hence encourage everyone to try travelling alone once in a while .
It could be a very enjoyable experience indeed .
I do not agree with this statement .
Broad knowledge of a specific subject might not be enough to solve all the problems and answer all the questions about the issues concerning this subject .
So we would definetly need experts of certain subjects to solve our problems in related areas .
We , human beings , developed a lot and we know much more than we can handle .
There is so much to learn .
Individuals can have enough time only to master a certain subject since reading and experimenting would take a life time .
It is better to concentrate on one thing so that you can be rated as an expert and have a good professional life .
There are more than 6 billion people on earth and people are becoming more and more educated .
So there is so much competition in academic and professional arena .
To be able to leave others behind , you need to excel in what you do .
Let me give you a few specific example .

I am a computer engineer and I could have been either a hardware orientent person or a software engineer .
I had to make that choice and concentrate because both areas are vast and I can have enough time only for one of them to learn and master it .
So I chose software engineering .
In this way , I can sell myself as an expert on software area and have a promising professional life .
Because , compaines require specific knowledge about many software products .
So I would need to spend a lot of time for example , on a programming language and learn it to the best of my abilities .
This would be possible when I spent enough time on it and this becomes true if I try to specialise on software engineering by not trying to know everything .
Of course , I should have broad understanding of other areas like , different programming languages or even basic understanding of hardware but that is just to make my life easier not to sell my services as an expert of everything about computers .
First of all , nobody would believe me since it is impossible to know everything .

Another advantage of being a specialist is the fact that you can not be replaced easily since there will not be many experts in your area depending on what you do .
For example my position in my current project is quite secure although many lay-offs are going on since there is not anyone to replace me .
So specialisation secures you a good place in society and in your professional life .

Today the world is demanding .
We are able to live on the moon even .
So we progressed fast .
We know much more than we used to do and this means that our brains have much smaller capacity than what is there to store and comprehend .
This forces me to recommend specialisation as a philosophy .
I think this is a must nowadays ...
Otherwise , as individuals we may not be able to contribute to the society enough .
The aim of the modern education is not making the students learn or memorize the facts .
Instead , it is introducing them ideas and concepts .
Teaching ideas and concepts will make the students understand the underlying reasons behind the facts .
They will gain a broad vision which is based on ideas and concepts .
Through this vision they can understand and eveluate facts in a more comprehensive manner .
It is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn the facts because it is more meaningful and more practical .

First of all , without ideas and concepts facts are not meaningful .
The ideas and and concepts make the facts meaningful .
For example without knowing the ideas and concepts of early twentieth century it is not possible to understand First World War .
The dominant political idea was nationalism which resulted in the deep hostilities amng the nations .
There are concepts such as imperialism , struggle for market expansion etc .
Without understanding these ideas and learning these concepts one can only memorize the chronolgy of the war but can not understand it properly .

Secondly , it is much more practical to make students learn concepts and ideas rather than facts .
It is impossible to make a student to learn all the facts .
But if he or she is given a theoratical perspective based on ideas and concepts , he would be able to evoluate facts that he faces .
Ideas and concepts would turn out to be useful tools in h 's hands to interprit the facts .
The facts are written in the books .
If one needs to use them he can open a book and read it .
It is very easy .
For this reason it is not practical to learn them by heart .

In conclusion , It is more important for the students to learn ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
It is better first to forge a theoratical framework with ideas and concepts then evoluate events in this framework .
It is both more meaningful and more practical .
I agree with this statement , because mainly facts that are learned without understanding disappear from memory much faster than understood ideas do .
Also if a student understands an idea he or she can always relate other things to that same idea that was previously understood , whereas learning a fact without understanding limits thinking skills .

learning facts in my opinion may have a lot of negative effects on students , because on an exam a student will not be able to recall what was memorized unless the information was understood .
When students memorize facts they are not stimulating the logic part of their brain .
Not stimulating half of the brain will have a negative effect on the student .

If a student is taking a biology course .
in biology , students must memorize a large amount of words , and from experience it is just easier if the student is able to split the word into it 's combining forms , with an understanding of the meaning of each combining form .
This way the student knows what each part of the word means , and is then able to remember the word , because the meaning of the word now makes sense .

I strongly believe that althought it is much more important to understant ideas , rather than just learning facts , it is still very important that the ideas a student understands are also memorized , or encoded into the memory , for him or her to be able to recall the ideas when needed .
in some cases things can not be understood , say for example if a student wants to remember the room where his or her test will be taking place ; in this case the student must learn the room number with out understanding it .
`` I know not how the third world war is going to be , but I know that fourth world war is going to be with stones and sticks '' , this is a famous quote by Sir Albert Einstein .
TODAY is world of rapid technological and industrial advancement , the day is not far when there is a saturation of sources eventually leading to retrogradation of the society .
I would absolutely agree that in the next twenty years ther would be fewer cars than they were today .

I remember reading the poems of William Wordsworth , beautifully describing the countryside and mother nature .
In today 's world it is indeed impossible to find such a place in real .
Right from the inception man is driven by a quest for knowledge .
There is an urge or a curiosity to know and to find out things around him .
This has definitely led to the industrial revolution .
One of the biggest achievements has been the invention of the automobiles .
With the development of cars and other means of trasnport the world had definitely become a smaller place .
conveyeance was made easier and effective .
But one important aspect to this revolution is the traffic congestion it has created .
I would like to state an example , I live in a big city and it takes me one hour to reach my college which is just 8 kilometers away from my house .
I will have plan out things before hand incase i wish to go to a place somewhere far as it literally takes me years to reach my destination .

There has been a significant rise in the awareness about the pollution caused by automobiles .
This pollution not only effects the environment but also to living beings .
The number of cases of asthma and other lung diseases have risen due to the ever increasing traffic and pollution liberated by vehicles .
There are cases of early retardation of child development due to the inhalation of harmful lead components released by the vehicles .

In earlier days , cars were a status issue .
People who were wealthy only could afford a car .
It is no longer so .
Although people are able to buy cars but the maintainance of cars is a difficult task in todays 's wrold .
It is said that buying a car is easier than maintaining it .

Today there is an increasing urge to GO GREEN by reducing the individual contribution to go green .
People are reverting to the use of cycles and bikes which use plants as fuel .
People are becoming more health consious and hence perfer to walk or jog it up to their destinations .

Hence I would like to conclude that although there is a continuous rise in the number of cars , after a span of twenty years the number of cars will reduce due to increasing awareness among people .
Advertisements or branding is an important key in today world of business , in fact , it become very essential in selling any product or item .
Most marketting organizations or companies relay on branding or advertisements to introduce their products to the market .
Most people are looking for brands through advertisements .

Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my opinion I think that this statement is completely true .
Although advertisements gave the customers very valuable information about the product he or she intend to buy , but that is not neccessary to give him the full information he need and not to be nessessary ture 100 percent for many reasons : Firstly , the advertisement will be prepared by a specilaized staff or expert who is professionally prepared to attact customers to buy their products .
In other word it is matter of money first of all , but not nessessary quality .
There is no gauranttee about effecinecy or quality of the product unless it is very big company where brand name means a lot to that specefic company .

Secondly , By using new advanced techological methods available today for photography , digital imaging and printing high technology , the marketing company can send strong messege to customers , but that not nessessaryily will give them full details about the brand or product .
From my peronal experience , I think it is matter of trust and loyalty to a specific company .
Long time ago , I have received some advertisement by mail about new type of shoes .
The company pretends in their advertisemnet that their shoes will be practical at all seasons and it will stay for long time and the photo included in that advertisement was very ipresive .
I was convenced at that time and I have decided to buy that shoes .
It comes to my surprise when I have received my order , that type of shoes which I was waiting for is not what I am looking for .
It was just nomal rubber shoes and it dies not stay for long as they have said .
Of cousrse I get dissoponited

In conclusion , I would like to declare that branding or advertisemnt is as nesessarry tools in marketing but also make products much better than they really are , especially by using high advanced technology available today .
Most advertisments really let products seem much better , than they really are .
Advertisment is one way to win new custumers .
In order to fullfill this task you have to convince the custumor with arguments , but are there any good arguments for a chocolate bar ?
Most times buying vegetables would be the better choice .

So advertisment uses the art of persuasion to win a custumor 's heart .
Therefore you can not only present the good sites of a product , for example how great a chocolate bar delivers your daily needs of calories , or leave some fact out like the risk of cancer related to smoking a cigarette .
Often you have to add something to a product , which does not really exists .

You may add a health factor to sugar coated cornflakes , because there some vitamins in them or give a product a social touch by supporting projects in the third world like Evian Water tried by their last campaign .

But the most effective way to let a pruduct seem better is to make it absolutly necassary for the customer 's happieness .
if the customers does not purchase it he never gets happy .
The product has to complete his life .
For this you have to wake new needs with advertisment .
The need to be cool is one of it , it is just the simple need to divers from others and only the new product helps to reach this aim .
The best example for this is a new cell-phone .
It provides a lot of new functions , but if everybody else owns one too , it fastly becomes boring .
The ability to differ from the mass is only possible with a new one .
This is the time when advertisment triggers .

It presents not only the usual features of our new mobile phone it also shows how `` cool '' the new product can be .
Another typical example for this way of creating new whishes is perfume advertisment .
They try to tell , that the human wish of beeing accepted or having sex is only reachable with buying this kind of perfume .
If really helps to attract a new partner is quite unsecure. a lot of other factors are also involved In the advertisment the perfume gets more abilities than it really has .

So the product seem better than it really is
The youngster have always been watched upon .
Their activities and nature have always been watched and analysed .
Same is the case nowadays .
I do support the topic these days it has been analysed young people do not give enough time in helping there communities .
There are several reasons for such a behaviour .

Firstly , these days the youngsters are more busy in their routine work as compared to that in prior days .
Let us take the example of schools .
The course curriculum is becoming more vast and harder day by day .
To cover all this and to attain good scores students are forced to devote extra time in their studies that earlier could be used in helping communities .
As a personal example , my younger sister who is 5 years younger to me , studied java in 9th standard which i studied in 12th standard .
Thus a ninth standard student was suppose to do something which was earlier fit for 12th satndard student .
So a student had to give extra time to learn something earlier considered of higher standard .

Secondly , with the passage of time interest of youngsters have changed .
It is a clean observation that earlier youngster were interested in helping and social work .
On contrary , younsters today are more fun-loving .
They pay weightage to moving out with friends , enjoying etc. rather than helping others .
As an example , my grandfather was a social worker as well as a student when he was 18 , while at the same age I am just a student .
This is also an cosequence of first point .
As youngsters have less time to enjoy , they use it to its full extent .

Finally , the youngsters are reluctant to help a community due to the following reason .
As the man has developed since past , it has become more selfish .
A very violent example is of the wars that we see all through time .
This selfishness has been embeeded in man since ages and can be said to passed on genetically .
So youngsters today are more selfish and therefore prefer to help themselves rather than others .
That is the reason why a social worker outshines in this world where selfish people are widespread .

Thus it can be clearly proved on the basis of points mentioned above that youngsters do not to give enough time to helping communities .
In today 's world advertisement has a really big impact on our lives .
In fact , we usually think of advertisement only as a boring phenomenon that interrupts our favourite tv or radio programs or pollutes our streets and underground-stations with its commercials .
But advertisment is a much deeper phenomenon that involves our lives , and many could even swear that it is a kind of art .

The importance of advertisement should not be underestimated , as it can influence even our way of living .
This happens through the needs that commercial ads can create .
For example , if we see the newest and thinnest stylish modern colourful last-generation mp3 player , we think that we need it , but we do n't buy it immediately .
In fact , most of the people , called `` followers '' by marketing people , are not those who want to possess the newest commercial success , but those who want to have it as soon as it has established itself as a fundamental gadget for the everyday life .

It follows that a succesful commercial makes the advertised product appear as something special , that makes one be distinguished among other people because of some special features , style , or sometimes just the brand that his or her objects has got .

In my opinion , this means that the product itself is much less worthy than it seems to be to the crowds that stand in long lines in order to possess it .
However , if this stuff is truly important , is up to everybody 's personal feeling .

Unfortunately , sometimes some products are even unhealthy , for instance some kind of food , for the consumers .
Those products can have a double negative impact on buyers .
First , they could be damaging , and second , they could even become addicted , as it could be in the case of alcohol , tobacco , some fast-food or sweet drinks These products are therefore not only worse , but even dangerous .

Therefore , in this time of consumism we are living in , everybody should be very careful handling with advertisements , as they can easily show us some aspects of a product and hide those that are not wanted by the masses , or even deliberately tell us a lie about its peculiarities .

In conclusion , I guess it is really difficult sometimes to resist to the power of advertisements , but everybody should try to be a mature consumer , aware of the risks of not considering all the aspects related to our consumistic behaviour , as advertisement tries to make only money ..
Traveling is one of the best ways to have fun and get more knowledge about other coultures or whatever new things .
Therefore , planning for any travel or small trips is very important element .
And there is differents ways to plan for any trip .
There is people who likes to travel with groups with tour guide that he or she can lead them very well in the traveling .
And there is anothers who likes to travel by them selves and get the information by them selves , which it make more difficalte .
Actually I disagree that is the best way to travel is in a group led by tour guide .
Also I think it is works in some cases .
But the reasons that made me disagree are , in any travel I think that is the best thing is to descover every thing by my self which I wo n't get that benefit with a guide .
And also travelling with groups give me less porsnality which I do n't like .

First , I uauslly travel to descover and get more information from other culturs and places .
And I like to know know every thing by self , because it give feeling that I did good job .
Also to know every thing by my self needs to communicate with other people , and that communication it also consedered as a descovering .
therefore , there is good things that I will get from my travel by my self that I wo n't get it with guide .
Whatever traveling my self give chalinges and that chalinges is the best things that I will remebar it from the trip .

second , in of the important things that every body want it in any time is personalty .
And this quallty is very important for me in any trip .
It give the aplety to descover more and make me think only about what I should do , not think about what others need or what I should obey of rules with any group .
Therefore , that give more chance to be by my own and only think about ny self on this trip .

Finally , there are some places that every body needs tour guide such as visting specfice place and to know about many thing there .
This kind of tours are usually temprorly and do n't take long time , so , I can that advantage beside that I can the eals by my own .
I agree with this statemet because , generally , and even if certain old persons largely enjoy their lives , young people are more likely to enjoy their lives for many reasons .

First of all , older persons often have disabilities or illnesses .
When they begin to grow older , people 's bodies begin to be less and less effective , they may loose some reflexes or their mind for example .
They may also have heart diseases and be afraid to do some things .
Usually , they do less and less things .
However , young people will have a more effective body , they are at their optimal age and are most of the time able to do sportive activities , to dance , to go to bed later ...
They are able to do some things that older people cannot do .

Most young people also enjoy life more than older persons because they think they still have a long life to live , and they prefer living their lives as best as they can and doing the craziest things while they are young and still able to do them , and also crazy enough to do them .
When people grow older , they know their lives may be ending soon , and they often think that they have lived enough things in their lives to die peacefully and happily .
Moreover , people often do less crazy things when they grow older because they often have more responsabilities .
They may have a family , children or grandchildren that younger people do not have , and they do not want their families to loose them , so they live a quieter and a more peaceful life , and thus sometimes enjoy less their lives than younger people .

But I also think that some people may enjoy a quiet life , but some people may like to do crazy things , even at an old age .
I think that some people who like to live a quiet life may still enjoy their lives when they are older while those who like to live a less quieter life but who are obliged to do so because of diseases or illnesses must not enjoy their lives very much .
Some young people may also not enjoy their lives .

In a conclusion , I think that young people often enjoy more their lives than older people , but I aalso think that old and young people can both enjoy or not enjoy their lives .
I think it is a question of character and personality .
From my point of view i do n't think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Even if the price of the oil is enormously increasing nowadays , twenty years is such a small period of time to foresee that cars are going to decrease in use .

As far as i am concerned the car is the transport that most people use to get to the work , the school , the university ...
I am disappointed with this choice because i think the car can tremendously damage the enviroment .
Every day the pollution in the cities are growing and the citizens have the responsability of this .
If we were concerned about the consequences that the cars can cause in the nature I am sure we would change our point of view .
Most people take the car because they think is the easiest way : they ca n't stand the queus in the metro or at the bus stop , they do n't have to fight with the people to get in the train etc .
Instead of seeing the advantages of public transport they only see the disadvantages of it .
However they are wrong because when they take the car there are a lot of people who take the car at the same time , therefore nobody will be able to avoid the traffic-jam in the peak hour .
I ca n't understand why people keep on taking the car in the morning if they know they will find traffic-jam , they will get nervous and maybe they will be late .
Nevertheless at least there are some people concerned about the enviroment problem and they usually take the metro or the bus to move from one place to another .
I would advise the citizens to avoid the car if they do n't really need it .
It is a pity that we are damaging our planet due to our selfishness and carelessness .

I wish the cars in use would be fewer in twenty years but i think this is a marvellous uthopy .
I will look forward to seeing the roads without cars .
I cannot agree .
There are many reasons why there will be more cars in twenty years than today .
In the follwing , I try to explain three reasons that will have a major impact on the growth rate of personal transportation and therefore on the number of cars in the future .

Firstly , many poor countries have the potential to develop their economic power and rise the wealth and income throughout the country .
China is a good example .
The government in China managed to establish more or less substantial laws and condition for prosperity .
When people get richer , they often have significant more urges than before .
Affluent people , or people with a considerable income , want to own cars as prestigious objects .
Due to all these reasons , it is very likely that especially poor countries will experience a high growth rate in the number of cars .

Secondly , the production of cars becomes cheaper and cheaper .
High end roboters can produce cars in a very cost efficient way because they work very efficiently , quickly and almost perfectly .
On the one hand , it is not necessary to pay roboters for their work and on the other hand they can produce 24 hours a day .
Moreover , engineer 's knowledge has accumulated during more than 100 years and they are now able to produce cars that are very cost-efficient in their planing and designing process .

Thirdly , new technologies make it possible to run cars without emissions .
In a few years , cars will no longer consume gaz , but they will need a mixture of water and oxygen .
This mixture does not harm the evironment and will be very cheap in the near future .
On account of this , care about the environment is no longer a reason the refuse the use of cars .
For instance , the car make BMW already runs test cars and even sold them to customers .
They run without major complications and are very cost-efficient in their usage and maintencance .
Now-a-days the life for everyone has become hectic , let it be a boy going to the college or middle aged man who has family responsibilites .
Especially for young people who have their entire life in front of them & its time now for them to decide in what direction they will steer their attention to get to the destination which will take life to the aim that they have to achieve .

For a start they have to attend college .
Some times have to pay for it themselves .
So for that work part-time .
But now-a-days i can see students dont mind working for their own education .
They have become more active in the society .
They have started realising the important of human values like honesty , humanity & trust .
Hence , I disagree with statement that is made here that young people donnot give enough time or help their communities .

I can give you an example which i experienced myself .
Few months back , in my city there was an excessive rainfall in a season when it was completely unexpected .
Hence , the government resources were not available on time .
At that time , people staying near the place , where lots of water was creating a blockage of traffic , came onto the streets to help the people for crossing the roads which were under water .
I even heard news that these people provided shelter & food to those who couldnt get to their homes due to lack of trasport .
All these people helping out others were young .
It was quite evident because old ones couldnt help doing so many things by walking in rains .

There might be some youngsters who are involved in drug activities or crimes or some even `` doing nothing sitting at home '' types .
But you cannot judge the entire young generation only by looking at them .
I think that today 's young generation is very much awake about its responsibilities & are doing their duties well , without fail .
Giving them opportunities to do it is now the responsibility of our community .
The issue in hand is what the best way to travel in group is , with a guide tour or by their own .
I agree that the best way of traveling is having a tour guide , especially when it is a group trip .
There are many reasons why I think this is a better approach , but here I am going to mention three that I consider the most important ones .
You can save time , money , and have the chance to visit more places .
Now , let me tell you more about why I mentioned these three reasons .

The first reason for which I agree that uaing the servicce of a tourist guide is a smart thing to do is because having a guide would saved the group some time .
Because the chances of getting lost in a new place are really high , but if you do n't need to worry about finding directions , then you would be able to visit more places in the same period of time .

Second , having a guided tour would save you and the group some money .
For example , you would save money in gasoline since you wo n't have to drive around trying to find the places you want to visit during your trip , also the car rental fee would be chepaer because the whole gruop could ride in only one car .

Finally , I agree that traveling with guidance is more effective because you be able to see more places , this for sure .
A tourist 's guide is usually a local person , therefore he or she knows pretty well the area , and what is most important to me when I visit a new place , to learn about its history behind .

So , in conclusion I agree with the idea that traveling with a guide is the best way to do it .
I strongly agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group with a person that can guide you in the place where you are going .
I believe that this is important in order to know a place because I usually like to visit places with a good historical background .
If I want to take advantage of the time while I am travelling , and this time is limited , I do not want to waste it , just trying to recognize what places are important in that city or location .
For instance , if I go to Italy , I would love to go to all the museums , and famous restaurants .
I also would enjoy the opportunity to go to the beaches in the mediterranean sea .
Normally , a tourist would need more than a month just to plan these activities .
However , if you go with a tour guide , this person will make your life a lot of easier , because he or she already knows where to go , at what time , what are the important parts where a tourist should focus his attention .
Last year , my family went to Dominican Republic .
We bought a all inclusive plan , but we did not have a guide .
We were totally lost there , we did not know where to go .
All the time people were taking advantage of us charging an incredible high amount of money for different services like taxi transportation , only because we do not have anybody that could give us advice or information about the usual fare for that kind of service .
We had to pay $ 20 for buying a sunprotector .
The most expensive sunprotector in my whole life .
Also , sharing your vacations with a group of friends is really wonderful .
I would say that it could n't get better if you are travelling with the people you like and with somebody that already have a plan for you .
In my point of view , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts .
A general concept or idea is made of facts , which are statements found in textbooks or encyclopedias .
Nevertheless , it is clear to me that the importance of facts ca n't be decreased , because in certain fields of study such as history , facts are extremely relevant .
But in most fields of study , without a general understanding of the concept , facts appear worthless .

On one hand , concepts and ideas have an importance that ca n't be diminished , because those are the elements that will help one to learn the facts .
Without understanding the concept or the idea , a student will not be able to learn but more importantly to remember for a long period of time the facts related to the concept or idea .
For example , in an astronomy class , the concept of how the planets evolve is more important to understand than to know the exact figures or paths constituting the planet 's movement .

On the other hand , concepts and ideas are what help a student in his future professional life .
The facts can easily be found again in a textbook , on the internet or in any database .
But if the concept made by these facts is not understood , the student will not be able to use the facts properly .
For instance , a law student , as myself , has to learn a lot of facts and regulations .
However , those facts or rules wo n't be useful if the concept is not understood .
When , in the future , this law student who became a lawyer is confronted to a tough case , the general idea of how the law regulates on that matter will help him solve the case , whereas the only regulation , if not understood , wo n't .
In that example , the everyday life of a lawyer proves the importance of the concept because facts or regulation can be found easily .

In conclusion , general ideas or concepts are the essential part of what should be known and understood by every student .
However , what makes a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the facts .
Based on my personal experience , I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts , than it is for them to learn facts , because the understanding of ideas and concepts prepare the students to use this knowlege in furter situations .

Fact learning may be usefull too , but is not as effective as understading the main idea .
For example , there are many students that learn the facts to take a test .
They might get a very good grade , but they do n't hold the information for much longer , because they learned almost every especific details and tempted to repeat them exactly as they read it .

On the other hand , students who understand the idea and concept of the topic do n't eassly forget it and can not only get a good grade , but also use this information later in a conversation about the topic or an exam where the students are tested for their general knowledge .

If is more effective , for example , in a math class for the student to understand where the formula comes from and how it applies , that only to learn it .
In my personal experience with diferent math teachers in my school , I retained the lectures in my brain of those teachers who made us resurche and understand the formula , than those that just gave it to us and gave us a lot of excercises to practice .

Another reason would be , that the students that learn to understand ideas and concepts are also learning to think on their one , not like students who learn facts , they tempt to be more insecure , because they learned to register the information exactly as it has been given to them and they do n't develop the abbility to agree or disagree with it .
Generally speaking , there are various types of people in this diverse society .
Some people tend to risk in order to become a successful man in the world , while others are afraid of risking and trying new things because they worried about losing their money and possesions .
But personally , I agree people should try and risk new things in order to be a successful and well-know person for the following reasons .

Most importantly , people who like to try new things tend to have more possibilies to success .
In other words , they might find out something that they are very good at and start to do other things they are talented .
To give a personal example , two years ago , when I was in Saint Andrew-Sewanee School , a very small private school in Tennessee .
I took calculus course , which was extremly hard and I thought I would do terrible on that semester , as oppsed to get an A on it .
However , after I tried to study several times , I found out it was not as difficult as I imagined .
I studied hard and got an A on every quizes and tests .
Needless to say , my semester grade was an A. Consequently , I started to have interests examing the math world beyond calculus .
Now , I successfully become an expert of math due to the fact that I took risks to take calculus two years ago .

In addition , people would more likely to learn the old experience and invent something great by trying the new things .
If you keep trying new things , you would learn the experience why the old methods is not working and would find out the new method that would make it work by continuing to try .
For instance , Edison , a great inventor in the United States , invented a substance called `` light , '' which is one of the useful and neccessary items in the world nowadays .
During his experiment , he had failed to find the correct metals that would make a substance lighten .
However , he did not just five up .
Instead , he kept trying new trails and new metals thousands of times .
And eventually , he invented light .
This is a good example that people would likely to be successful by trying new things .

Ultimately , some people prefer doing what they already know how to do well , whereas others would rather try new things and take risks .
Of course , I sometimes would review what I already know .
But most of the time , I always like to try something that are unfamiliar to me .
I strongly agree with the statement that ` successful people are the ones who try and undertake new things but also take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well . '

Although without much further thought being given to the topic , it may seem that people who always do the same thing are ` successful ' in a way , there are many other factors to take into account .
In fact , the persons who carry out the same task every day or the ones who go through their life with the same amount and state of knowledge could be considered successful experts in their areas but they do not try to go beyond their limits - a clear sign of success .

Let 's take the example of a basic biologist in a laboratory whose daily task is to analyze blood samples to detect a disease such as AIDS .
This scientist is obviously an expert in his domain and most certainly successful since the accuracy of his decision affects the life of other people .
And yet , this biologist would not be qualified to detect more specific chronic diseases for example , thus reducing the scope of what could be considered as success in his area .

On the other hand , given the definition of success , it can be implied that the more success one derives is closely linked to the actions he or she will undertake and make proof of .

Let 's consider the business area : a successful manager will most likely be the one that is willing to take up new challenges .
By being creative and clearly demonstrating different skills from the ones of his or her competitors , this manager will probably take more risks but resulting in higher profits .

Therefore a manager will appear - and be more successful - if he is willing to face new challenges and take risks that will make his business famous .
Unlike a business leader who would only gain profits and recognition from copying the works of others , a successful leader will be praised for his or her creativity , a great part of success .

Bill Gates is probably the most obvious example of a manager who was ready to take risks and accept the consequences of it .
Who would have thought that his new generation of computers would become the world standard and result in such high profits both for the company and the man itself ?

Although money should not be considered a proof of success , it is a great part of it .
Therefore , the more a person takes risks , the more exclusive his or her derived product is and the more success he/she is likely to have .
Ours is a fast developing society and and we have varied branches of study in which we can gain specialization .
The question whether it is better to have a knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one subject is a very debatable one and the responses may vary from individual to individual .
here , let us anlyze the situation ..

Universities to day offer many subjects in which students can choose to major such as the sciences , math , literature and arts ...
each of these subjects also have many applied branches .
Take for instance science which comprises of medical sciences , physical sciences , astronomy and so on ...
the scope of learning today is so vast that one cannot hope to master completely even one subject , so the view of learning may subjects seems to be completely out of question ...
Therefore , I strongly support the view that students should specialize in one specific subject rather that learning a lot of subjects .
My arguments for the same go as following .

As it is said that `` THE QUALITY OF EDUCATION SHOULD HAVE A DIRECT BEARING ON THE QUALITY OF LIFE '' , true as it is .
If a student focuses his energy and time on learning one subject he she can gain better expertise and thus he will be more proficient in that subject .
A proficiency in any field in turn bring with it better work opportunities and a better quality of life .
on the other hand if a student has sveral subjects to study and he cannot devite his time to one , he will probably end up being aimless and jobless too .

Here some people might counter my view by saying that .
if a person has knowledge about varied subjects he will be in a better situation to face the challenges of life .
yes , that is one fact that is undeniable but as far as professional educatipn is concerned i strongy support the idea of majoring in one subject only .

We all have plans for the future and we know what we want to be in the future , We are aware of our abilities and interests so after calculating on all these factors one should choose a field that he wants to specialize in instead of trying to learn all subjects because it is virtually impossible for mortals to retain all that they learn in school or university .
So if i want to be a computer engineer why should i be bothered about learning about the various forms of music .
The answer is obvious - it will be of no practical use to me .

In view of the facts that i mentioned above we can safely reachthe conclusion that one should focus on specializing in one field only rather than creating an anarchic situation in your mind by trying to gain expertise in various subjects .
I do not agree with the proposed statement and I will give different examples showing that young people nowadays are not as selfish as presented .

First of all , I must confess that there is a common image of young people depicting them as more and more selfish , only worrying about themselves , playing on their computer and waiting for the diner to be ready .
This picture is usually compared to the one presenting young people some decades ago , helping their parents at the shop , in the field or simply at home .

However , my opinion is that this selfish image is too limited .
More and more young people spend time and efforts in social organisations .
For instance , the number of boy scouts in Belgium is increasing .
Scouting is typically a place where people learn to care for their communities .
They organise activities to help homelesses , they help at the church and take part in social events .

Another example is the social work which is more and more proposed by schools to students .
Students are proposed to work for social organisations during a definite period of time .
These social works are more and more popular , showing that young people are ready to give time to their communities , as soon as they receive the opportunity to do it .

Furthermore , there are plenty of young people that each year leave their country during summer holidays to go and help other communities in need .
Some are going to build schools in Africa , others entertain small children in Asia , ...
This shows that young people nowadays care not only about their community but are also ready to spend time and money ( they usually pay their fight ticket ) to go and meet other communities that need their help .

To conclude , I think that this image of the lazy selfish youg people which is very strong in Belgium as well as in other countries should be corrected , lookimg at all the other young people who work hard to help their communities and even others .
An often discussed problem in our times is the pollution of the environment caused by carbondioxide , which occured by the great number of cars used all over the world .
So to have a look in our future a lot of well-known scientists try to answer this question for us : How would the situation change in the next 20 years ?
Will there be fewer cars then now ?

To discuss this in proper way , we first have to name some pros and cons underlining this theory .
First of all to have a look at the negative site of this question .
In 20 years the development of the tramsport system will not be far enough to reduce the number of cars used by people .

Furthermore there are so many automotive companies which benefit from the profit made by the car industry and there are also thousands of jobs , so that the government cannot stop the trend of increasing numbers of cars , if they do n't want the unemplyment figurs to rise .

On the other hand there are some facts supporting the idea of a future with fewer cars .
On of them is the great number of giant projects like the `` Transrapid '' ( train ) , which show that a movement in an environment friendly way is possible .
Another , more important fact is : `` We are running out of resources , like crude oil !! '' , which are important for the production of gasolin .
If there is no fuel , nobody can use his car , and the secondary resources like electricity , etc. are not enough developed .

But the most important , and at the same time worrying fact is , that our environment is badly polluted , which means that we have to face a time where the governments of our world have to react , not like the US , in person of G.W. Bush is behaving concerning the Kyoto Protocoll .
There will be new laws introduced to our society , regulating the usage time of a car per person per day .
Or for exemple the regulation that one family is only allowed to have one car .

So to sum up , it will be hard to realize this wish , but with an optimized concept and the co-operation of all countries , a realistic chance exists .
Though I agrees with the notion that specializing on a specific subject have more potential for contribution to knowledge as a whole , but I also thinks that confining to a specific line of discipline may leads to missing of understanding of how everything fits together .
There are other points which leads to my standpoint .

We live in an information age in which we have access to a sea of data .
Furthermore , each subject area in itself has lots of academic literature about the knowlege accumulated throughout the ages in it .
Only ff a person confine to a specialzed field and narrow down the point of focus , innovative research is possible .
It may appear that in an attempt to gain wider knowledge , the student can just study what is available without getting any chance to contribute to it .
Though this is true , we should not miss the point that by understanding the context and knowing how things work together can only takes one to a position that can lead him to actually contribute to the field .
Historically , many of our researcher have contributed to a large variety of scientific discipline and proving the fact that knowing all peices together gives a unique perspective and hence innovation .
Like thomas edison , leonardo da Vinci , Nicholas Tesla are all prolific researcher contributing to all scientific discipline .

I also believe that some scientific discipline like Medicine , only being specialist can provide proper skill to perform well .
We trust only specialist when it comes to medical treatment .
Why we go to eye specialist when we have an eye problem rather than a general physician .
The reason being that our body part are so complex that it requires a focussed pursuit of specialized knowledge to understand it .
But this does not strongly supports specialist because it is the general physician who also hold vital position in giving initial treatment and direct or recommend physician only in case it crosses it 's limit .
Here we see again that general physician 's varied knowledge allow him to better understand and diagonise the problem initially .

So in the society we live in today both speacialist ; who pusue specialisation in subject , and Generalist ; who have broader knowledge of subject , are important .
Giving importance to any one will be unjustified ; if not problematic .
Although peole may think that there will be more cars in the world as the years go by , I hold a different view .
I strongly believe in 20 years , there will be fewer cars in use due increasingly high-maintance costs and better alternatives .

First of all , I hold this opinion because I believe that the increasingly high - maintance cost of cars will discourage people to drive cars .
During the past few years the oil prices have increased more than two-fold , which is making it difficult and unreasonable to keep up with automobile maintance expenses .
Although , having the luxury of driving and owning your car may seem more glamorous , it just ist'n practicable nor reasonable anymore .
As such more and more people are being discouraged to use cars .

In addition , I believe that there will be fewer cars 20 years from now due to the fact that people now have better alternatives for transportation .
30 years ago , using a car was essential , as a means of transportaion .
If you needed to go on a business trip or visit family , there was not much alternative methods .
However , nowadays , a car is n't the only method of going somewhere , there are various alternatives .
In places like New York or Hong Kong , you really do n't need a car to move around , you can use the subway or buses as your main means of transportaiton .
These days , in the major cities of the world , I believe rather than owning and driving your own car , it is more wiser to use public transportaion .

In summation , due to surging oil prices and reasonable alternatives , I would have to diagree with the statement .
Though driving your car , whether it is on a date or to work may have many benefits , I do not believe those benifits will out weigh the rational of choosing a different means of transportation .
Some people believe that young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It seems to me , however , they get to be spending their time to supporting their communities .
There are three reasons for this .

First of all , increasingly , in these days , the school introduced the social communication class in the program , and young students especially students in junior hight school and high school join their communities by cleaning their town , helping seniors and so on .
It might be a compulsory education in the first place ; however because of this educational system , young people are aware of the importance of this activity , and gradually intended to join it afterwards .

Secondly , it seems that young people are getting the leader position in a lot of communities to contribute in these days .
In some area in our country , Japan , there are some activities which put the the age limit ( 25-30 year old ) to be a member of social communities .
Moreover in order to attract the young people , some communities offer the special reward , such as paying the salary or providing land .

Thanks to these activities , young people are more getting involved and helping their communities by teaching sports , their cultures , and so on .
Finally , in these days , it is frequently mentioned that now is the time of changing generation in Japan .
As you may see the election of prime ministor in Japan , Mr. Shinzo Abe , who is the youngest prime ministor , was just elected few weeks ago .
Thanks to this trend , it seems that young people positively get to feel that they have more chance and power to join their communities to achieve and help something more , even though they are too busy to spend their time to do this kind of voluntieer work .

In conclusion , using these above reasons as a basis , I would mention that young people nowdays have positive intention to help their communities .
In the recent years , many educators , parents and students have discussed how the students learn more efficiently and effectively .
There are two different philosophy that has been proposed in this hot topic .
One is to understand ideas and concepts and another one is to learn facts .

Most western countries like United States and Canada , the teachers encourage the students to understand ideas and concepts first .
The teaching approach is not bound to the fact that the students do not urge to remember a lot of information and facts from the textbooks .
For example , the teachers try to use some daily examples to explain some concepts in science such as physics , chemistry and biology .
At the same time , the students can develop their own creative , innovative and troubleshooting ability .
Meanwhile , it is good for the students to be capable of brainstorming in this very competitive communities .

In the other hand , most eastern countries such as China , Japan and so , the teachers prefer to ask the students to remember a lot of facts and information so as to build up their fundamental basis on their study .
However , most of the students cannot advocate their interest in their study .
In addition , the students are not willing to accept more new concepts or they are not able to develop any novel ideas in their study .
For example , the students are good at memory , but not on any innovation or troubleshooting issues in their living either .
Thus , it is not an effective and flexible way for them to deal with the difficulties and hurdles that they really face in the reality .

To be concluded , I totally agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
This approach would be more beneficial to the students in order to encounter and survive in this competitive world .
I do completely agree with this statement and think that there will be indeed fewer cars on the street than there are nowadays .
First of all , there is our problem with the ressources of fossil fuels that are rapidly coming to an end .
Whereas coal , according to todays calculations , will still last for another fifty years , oil , the most important ressource for the fuel for our cars , will get rare in already about ten years from now on .
And since there is no other material which has a comparable energy density - I cannot tell the exact number but I know that the energy density of oil is at least a factor of about 1x10 to the power of 2 higher than the energy density of coal or gas - and is available in the necessary amount it will be very difficult to substitute this ressource .
And energy density is a very important factor since I think everybody will rather like to drive with a 50 liter tank of oil instead of pulling a one cubic meter coal car behind him or having to go and get a new gas filling after every 100 kilometers .

A second reason why there will be fewer cars in use than there are today is that the public transport systems are steadily improved .
In smaller cities the people can use buses and trains to get to work or to do freetime activities and in larger cities they even have street cars , subways and other possible transports for the people to get around .
Moreover , with fuel prices increasing rapidly due to the decreasing oil ressources it will become financially more efficient or even necessary for many people to use public transport systems .
Also the companies of many public transport systems offer special offers such as the so called `` Vorteilscard '' in Austria which makes it possible to travel by train for half of the normal prize .

Finally , we also have to consider the world wide problem of pollution and the greenhouse effect .
If we want this planet to be a comfortable home to live on we need to do something to stop global warming which is mainly caused by the CO2 emissions that are for a big amount generated from the cars .
Therefore , the governments will issue special new laws and regulations which will force people to search for other possibilities of travelling or they will offer incentives to the people that will encourage them to take public transport systems .
Again an example for this comes from Austria but I am sure that there are comparable programs in most other nations as well .
In Austria the government offers tax reductions for people if they take the public transport system to go to work .
Some people think yonger people enjoy life more than older people do , because they are healthier than older people .
I , however , think older people can enjoy life more than yonger people because of my personal experience .
I , therefore , disagree with the statement which says yonger people enjoy life more than older people do .

Older people have more knowledge than yonger people .
They have lived longer lives than yonger people and they have had more knowledge than them .
Therefore , older people will try new things that are good for them .
For example , young people spend their time to play or play games with their friends on weekend , however , older people climb the mountain with their business members or travel somewhere to rest .
This shows that older people do better activities than yonger people , which what make them to be healthier .

Therefore , I belive that older people enjoy life more than yonger people .
Older people have more money than yonger people .
This means older people have more alternatives to do .
For example , one day my father told a story about ski-diving .
At that time I did not know about ski-diving so my father brang me a place where is for ski-diving .
Many people were enjoying it and I really wanted to try .
I , however , did not have money at that time , therefore , I could not do that and I thought older people are lucky because they have money to do ski-diving .

Older people can enjoy life more than yonger people because they have more knowledge about life and money , which means they have more alternatives .
My personal experience taught me that older people can play more sports than yonger people and older people know more about what is good for them , I , therefore , disagree that yonger people enjoy life more than older people do .
Overall , I agree with the statement .
Progress of individuals and of society as a whole has always been based on taking risks and exploring new options .
Not only would the known world not include America , had Christopher Columbus not taken the risk of sailing thousands of miles in a frail little boat , we would also still be traveling on foot instead of using cars , planes and submarines .
While trodden paths can tak us through everyday situations , success requires us to see and , more importantly , use oppotunities .
However , the key to success is not taking every possible risk , but to recognize and take those risks that one can benefit from most .

A successful manager will not avoid risks , but rather weigh them against their potential benefit and then decide to his best knowledge .
A successful general will not seek to avoid confrontations but choose a battlefield that gives him advantage over his enemy .
On the other hand , someone driving at night at a high speed without headlights takes a considerable risk without apparent peronal benefit and might be called a stupid rather than a successful person .

Taken together , I think that an intelligent balance between risk and benefit distinguishes a successful person from the average or outright dumb .
Simply taking risks does not .
First of all , there has to be a definition of `` young '' and `` old '' .
A twenty-year old person will consider himself as being `` old '' when he compares his age to that of a newborn .
On the other hand , a 70 year-old person will think of the 20 year old person as being `` young '' .

I assume that the statement on the left thinks of people in their twenites or thirties as `` young people '' and that seniors at the age of around 60 are referred to as `` old people '' .

I believe that it is impossible to make a `` Yes '' or `` No '' decision on that question .
Of course , the general idea of `` enjoying life '' is that of having parties , drinking alcohol , making new friends and not having any concerns about the future .
All of these activities are much more typical of younger people than of older people .
Younger people simply do n't spend too much time thinking about the future , they `` live for the moment '' .
In that regard , the statement on the left is right .

Once people have grown , they tend to take on more responsibilities and duties in their lifes .
Older people have to supply some financial income , maybe not only for themselves , but also for their family .
They have to take care of their social life which seems a lot more complicated than in the younger days , and they might also have growing concerns about their health .
All of these factors do n't really make it `` fun '' to be older .

On the other hand , being old also means being wiser .
When you 've reached a certain age , you are able to define the true values of life .
And generally , these values are not parties , alcohol or superficial friendships .
The true values are much more intimate .
They are in things like having one best friend , being rewarded at work or just being loved by your partner or your kids .
Having a loving wife for example can be the best `` fun '' you 'll ever have in your life , although people normally would n't call it `` fun '' , but `` fullfillment '' instead .

But this detail would lead to another discussion about the definition of `` fun '' .
My conclusion is , that - just as life does - the definition of `` enjoying life '' changes during the years of a lifetime .
Knowledge is like an ocean the more deeper u go the more jewels you find .
we cannot say that at this particular point we know everything about a particular subject .
Learning is a continuous process .
The more we learn about one subject the more we discover about it .
I think its better to specialize in one specific subject .

In this rapid globalisation period everyone is required to be up to date .
The people who have surface knowledge about all the subjects find it difficult to survive in this competitive world .
Now a days every company require their employess to be specialized .
They need efficient work force which can solve specific problems and should also be flexible .
They should be able to deal with variety of situations but intially they are expected to deal with particular problem .
If we have broad knowledge about many acedemic subjects but if we do not know the subject which best suits our academic and job life then it will become quite difficult for us to have a bright career .

For example , let us suppose a case in which student does not know which subject he want to select for his major then he might keep on switching over the subjects .
He will not be able to concerntrate over any of the subject which will only waste his time .
Lastly when he will be called for interview , companies will not find him suitable for any specific postion .
After all a student who have studied computer science continously for two years will become a better programmer than a student who have studied many subjects like history , biology etc along with computer science .

Its not like that a student who has specialisation in any field will not be able to switch over other subject because a specialized person will be more effecient in learning things .
Its true that the person who have knowledge of every subjects will be more flexible but that does not mean underestimating the talent of specialized people .
Specialized people learn the things more accurately and fastly .
If in case they wants to switch over other career they can .
May be not easily as a person who already have knowledge about that field but will certainly learn it .

So , people should have broad knowledge of every subjects but they should also get specialization in one specific subject .
It will increase their caliber to work in crucial work situations and enhance their intellectual level .
After all the world is shrinking in a small room and is available on the single click of mouse then it requires both general as well as Specialised people for its development
I do agree to the statement that it is better to know many things briefly rather than knowing only few things in detail .
There are so many different academic subjects that hardly no one is able to have a deep knowleadge of all of them at the same time .
Knowing a bit of many subjects is more worth because it makes you look at things more widely .
Also I think it is more worth because you become open minded .
You do not only focus on few things but consider many different aspects you have learned about .

Another argument to underline my opinion is that you have better conversations with people by knowing many things briefly .
On the one hand it is great to have a deep knowleadge of something and of cause it is also very impressing .
However on the other hand I think as that kind of person you can only have a good conversation with specialists like you .
You are not able to see things in a big picture .
To my mind having a brief knowleadge about many academic subjects is more worth it .

To give an example imagine you are having a conversation in a train or another public place with a person you have just met .
The chance that this person has the same knowleadge and same interests you do so you have somehing to talk about is very low .
But if you have lots to talk about because you know a lot , does not matter if it is just a basic knowleadge or not , the conversation would be very good .

To sum up it is just more worth and helpful in life to have a brief knowleadge about academic subjects because the chance you find somebody you can talk to is very high .
Also very important is that you experience a lot and become open minded which to my mind you can only become if you have a wide knowleadge .
The speed and the pace by which technology proceeds is very fast :: if we look at the past , we can recognize how human progress and inventions have changed and restricted their own time of preparation and creation .

A set of materials in which man has improved his conditions of life is transport .
Nowadays it 's very common to own a car and to get a licence to drve it as soon as possible .
This means of transport has become essential to us .

This leads me to openly state thet I do n't really think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The following are my reasons to hold my opinion .

Firstly , it 's commonly known that the number of cars owned by families has been strongly increasing in the last years : more and more cars are daily being purchased by people , and a clear proof of it is that centers that are specifically built to gather old and over used cars are overcrowded .
Besides , it 's becoming more and more difficult to find a bare parking in the neighborhood of your house , expecially if you live in a city .

Secondly , although the fuel ' and gas ' resourses are being strongly decreasing and scientific research is trying to find alternative ways to satisfy the huge supply for fuel , statisics in the market can ensure us that cars will constitute a well built buisness for still many years , no matter with what is concerning with fuel 's lack .

Thirdly , techology works very fast , but not so fast to completely revolutionate our way of move and carry within twenty years : flying cars that we often see in fantasy-scientific movies are enough far from us .

It 's true that many other ways of transport have been invented ( such as airplanes ) , but cars , buses and vans are too important to us , because they work on the ground ane we live on the ground , too .
In my opinion , for students , understanding concepts is more important than merely learn facts .
Thanks to my personal experience , there several reasons which can support this statement .

First of all , if students manage to understand concepts , then they can study them in depth maybe discussing with the professor or with other classmates .
They can decide if they disagree or disagree while , learning facts , does not allow student to dicuss about them .
From discussions , new ideas can develop , giving to students the impression of contributing to the general knowledge grouth .

Secondly , trying to understand a concept is much more challenging than learning facts .
Of course , this is a more difficult way of learning , but I am convinced that in the end it gives better results because if students want to understand concepts they have to think about them .
While reasoning and discussing about a concept , students start naturally to memorize it without learning the lecture by heart .

Finally , studying thanks to the understanding of ideas and concepts is not only useful , but also less boring .
For example I would find really boring to learn a sequence of dates and historical events , while I would find much more interesting to try to link them logically , finding cause effect bounds .

In conclusion , I understand that sometimes , especially for literary subjects , learning facts is necessary , but I strongly believe that this way of learning has to be accompanied by a deep understanding of the facts and of the links betweeen them .
This is not only a good way of memorizing witout too mucch effort , but also a way of making the learning more engrossing .
Are most advertisements can make products more attrctive and better when they are advertised ?
To some extent , I agree with the author 's general assertion that some advertisements do have some positive effects on consumers ' impressions on products but only through advertising cannot necessarily make products seem much better .
However , the author unnecessarily extends this broad assertion to an irreversible extreme while overlooks some essential factors .
On balance , My points of contention involve the fundamental and deep analysis as discussed below .

On the one hand , I would like to admit that the author 's statement , although suffers from some obivous drawbacks , has some merits primarily in some special cases in which the implicit rationale behind it accords with common sense and our experiences in daily life .
Hence , it is partially correct .
In the first place , I want to point out that advertisements can have positive effects on consumers ' recognition of certain product .
Since clients tend to accept the fact that only firms producing superior products will advertise their products because only those firms can make ends meet or even profit greatly through advertising .
It is true that marketing a product through advertising means investing a lot of money and a firm cannot know in advance whether these advertisements will be useful to the success of a product .
Hence , advertising is a high-risk investment and only big firms are appealed to advertise their products .
For instance , Microsoft Co. or Coca Cola Co. often advertise their new products through all types of media .
This phenomenon makes consumers think that advertised products are good in quality , however , which is often not the case .

Further more , advertisements tend to overstate the quality of a product .
Some words used in advertisements will elaborate the attractiveness of a product and will be unwillingly to admit the defects of a product .
Consequently , consumers who watch advertisements will aptly think that the product described in the advertisement is very good in quality although in reality this product is not so good .

On the other hand , recognizing that a more applicable should incorporate different aspects of the issue as sufficient as possible , I have to point out that the author overlooks some compelling factors that may affect this issue .
In short , this statement is problematic in some ways .
For example , some products do have the same quality as presented in advertisements .

In conclusion , issue of whether advertisements make products seem much more superior than they really are is a complex one , requiring subjective judgment .
Consequently , there are no easy or certain answers .
So different are the personal experiences and emotional concerns among people with diverse cultures that thousand individuals might hold thousand opinions .
According to me , some advertisements do have some positive effects on consumers ' impressions on products therefore can make these products more attractive .
Image what the world today would be without a light bulb , the phone or the wheel .
Maybe some of these things were invented only by accident , but they were also developed because their inventor wanted to try something new or uncommon .
Therefore , I agree that successful people take risks and in the following section I want to give some reasons for this opinion .

My first point is that without people that are willing to take risks everything would stand still .
Without people trying something new there would be no inventions or progressions and humanity would probably still be on the level of the stone age .
If everyone continued tro do what he already knows than it would be impossible to move forward .
I also think that it is impossible for humans to remain on the same level all the time as the human brain is prone to learn and develop .
Like children want to touch the hot oven just to see how it feels and learn , hurtfully , that it can be very hot , people also want to try if a square stone can roll better than a circular stone .

Although the need for progression is an important factor , there is also the point that people became successful or made a lot of money just because they took a chance where other parts of society stood back and watched in order not to be laughed at .
Thus , it is an important feature of successful people that they try new thing no matter what society might think of them .
Because if they finally take the step and develop something new and unknown everyone in society wants it and tries to copy it .
Therefore , people who like to take risks and make the first step are mainly the ones to profit from it the most .

In conclusion it can be said that people who take risks are more successful because the do not care what others think about them or their ideas and they are willing to embrace progression .
As I want to be succesful in my own life I hope that I will be able to take some risks because I am aware that it takes some power of will to do that .
Throughout the centuries there have been many talks on what kind of education would be best for students .
Is it more important to help students understand ideas and concepts of what they 're learning , or is it more important to help students learn the facts ?
Different countries have come up with different solutions to these questions , and as a person who studied under both types of education system , I will say that I personally believe it is more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts than to learn facts .

From my personal experience of studying under the Korean education system for a year and from hearing my peers ' first-hand experiences , I say that Korean education is more concerned on teaching facts rather than ideas and concepts to students .
Students memorize facts and statistics , line after line , without even understanding the meaning of what they are learning .
This has a harmful effect in a long run because after examination is over , students will no longer remember what they learned .

On the contrast , if students come to understand ideas and concepts of what they are learning , the knowledge has become their own and will stay in them for long term .
For instance , when I was little , I hated science because I had to memorize numerous formulas and facts that I did not understand .
However , under new American science teacher I began to thrive in science as he taught me the basic ideas and concepts of science .
As I understood what I learned and digested it as my own , I came to appreciate science more .

In conclusion , although both types of educaton is necessary and students need to understand and learn both ideas/concepts and facts , I think it is more important for students to understand facts and concepts first because it will be much easier to learn the facts after understanding the concept .
I woke up this morning , earlier than the time I normally would .
It was an important test day for me , and the last thing I would want to do was to be late for the testing time .
I had to leave my house an hour earlier to come to testing place which is normally 15 minutes far away , if there 's no traffic !

I live in a big city where 1 out of every 6 people have their own vehicles .
It 's not a big city area wise , but the population is over 1 million people .
There are public transportations oppurtunities .
which cost almost nothing , but people ( for some reason ) prefer their own vehicles .

The gas prices have been increasing rapidly over the last 5 years .
It 's pretty scary when you think about the amount you would have to pay if you were a person to drive to work every single day .
If these people were n't as stubborn to use public transportation services ; they would save a lot of money , and would help the traffic calm down .

As human beings , we do n't really know how to use natural resources .
Petroleum is one of them .
Up to now we have n't thought about what we would do if we ran out of it one day .
People are finally starting to care about the future , and taking some actions to keep what there is .

Cars also cause lots of environmental damage .
They have harmed the ozone layer , and this has increased the effects of global warming .
If we want the generations after us to live in a healthy world , we must start decreasing the number of cars we have starting from today .
Why should a person be wasting money on gas , when they could use public transportation ?
It does n't make sense to have personal vehicles when all they do is cause problems .

The number of educated and well aware people is increasing day by day .
I believe that these are all indicators that in 20 years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Hopefully I wont be needing to leave the house as early as I do today to get to a place as near !
Before deciding which side I will stand , I would like to querry what is defined as successful people .
If successful people mean people who made a big advance in our life , I agree that successful people try new things and take risks .
However , if successful people mean people who live well doing their jobs well , I think successful people are those who only do what they already know how to do well .

First , you should know the history of human 's first exploration of the moon .
I think the people who were involved in that momentous event are those who are successful .
Unless did they plan to travel to the moon and enact their plan , we could have made no progress in our knowlege of the universe and our technology in relaion to aironaut .
With respect to human knowlege advance , I believe that successful peopel are those who try to do what has not been done .

Second , I even can observe how people move towards what they want .
For example , my husband make seemingly unfeasible things possible .
When he faces a barrier , such as dealine , facility unavailities , and job opening , he tries evey means .
He call to companies that do not announce any jod \ b opening .
But , he advertise himself and get a position .
He enjoys his way of life , which seems to make him as a successful person .

However , I also can find people who lives well without a big challenge .
For example , medical doctors seem to live well following well-defined paths .
Although they have to study had in roder to get into a medical school , I think they do not have to try new medical procedures .
On the ready-established path , they are considered as successful people .

In sum , it is difficult to devide people into successful and unsuccessful people according to whether they try new things and take risks or not .
Rather than , I think successful peole could be defined according to whether individual lives the way of life they value .
If a person who pursues taking a risk lives by trying new opportunities , he would be a successful person .
If a person who pursue a challenge lives in a way that is already established , he would not be considered as a successful person .
I agree with statement that nowdays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
This has resulted form a cumulative effect of various factors like the fast pace of the life , changing global scenario , changing perspectives etc .

Due to fast pace of the life , the amount of time a person spends with his family has steadily decreased .
This has accompnied with a substancial reduction in time that a person spends in the community .
Also living in nucleated families lead to increase in responsibilities and thus further leads to decrease in time available for him to spend in helping his community .

Young people nowdays have become very narrow minded in there outlook as they feel that instead instead of spending time for helping their communities , they can devout the same time to earn more and thus live a lavish life .
During this course they forget that human being is a social animal and by helping his community he is in turn helping himself .
This thirst to become rich overnight and desire to live a comfortable life by cutting down on the time they spend in helping there community is the underlying principle behing this change .

We see this in our day to day life .
During the celebration of various festivals we find that most of the arrangements and other things are looked after by our parents and elders .
We rarely see any young mind working there as he feels that it a waste of both him time and energy .
This fact becomes self explainatory when we observe the strength of the young people present at the meeting meant for improving services and facilities available to the community .

To conclude , we can say that this unhealthy change that is being observed in our society will have malignant effect and must be balanced by taking necessary and efficient steps .
Personally I disagree with that statement thinking of the global development of the car market .
In order to support my opinion I would like to talk about different kinds of aspects of the development and the importance of cars in the industrialised and the developing countries .

So if we think of the industrialised countries first , for me there is no sign or hint that there will be fewer cars in the future .
First of all it 's still an important status symbol and an important means of transportation .
The second point is probably due to the fact that societies in Europe and the US tend to get more and more individualised .
In this context it means that if you drive your own car you can be all alone and - for example - turn the music on that you want to .

Of course one could say the traffic will collaps very soon but if you recognise the investments of the governements in additional streets and the development of navigation systems making the traffic smoother and more efficient I think this development will compensate a great amount of additional cars .

Another thing is that the production of cars becomes cheaper and cheaper .
Additionally people are able to finance a car a lot easier than in former times due to the upcoming of leasing contracts .

Finally the most important reason why I disagree with the statement is the development of countries like China and India .
More than two billions of people live there and still most of them do not have cars .
And if these countries and the people living there do not cease to gain economical power in the future there will be a huge demand for cars .

A hint that supports this point is the fact that a lot of huge car companies invested a lot of money in the developing regions of the world because it 's obvious that the future market for cars lies in these countries due to the huge amount of people that still do not own cars .
The best way to travel can never be achieved by being in group with a tour guide .
Being in a group and being led by a tourguide means you are completely restricted to the wishes of the group which is the decision of the majority of the group about where to go and restricted to the directions and the information provided by the tour guide .
The best way to travel can be achieved by a very well self-planned tour beforehand the travel .
This way , you are completely free to choose where to go , where to stop and from where to get information about the place you go .

If you choose a self-planned travel , you are completely free to chose where to go .
Otherwise , with a group of people , the decision is restricted to the choise of the majority of the group .
Therefore , you have to select their choice .
For example , for the Thanksgiving Holiday , you may want to visit New York .
However , your friends suggest that you should go altogether and pick up a tour bus in New York which is guided by a tour guide .
If you choose to travel with them , you can only see the places that is covered by the route of the tour bus instead of choosing the places freely , and you can learn only from the tour guide instead of talking the people in streets of New York .
You may want to see the SoHo , but , the route of the tour bus may not include SoHo area in New York .
Therefore you will not be satisfied with this travel .

Second , you cannot choose where to stop during the travel .
If you choose to travel in a group in the guidance of a tour guide , there will be some certain places to stop , that are predetermined before the travel .
Other than those places you will be unable to stop whenever you wish .
For instance , if you are travelling in a school bus in the guidance of the teacher , you can only see the places that are chosen by your teacher .
You will be unable to stop some other places you might wish to see and talk to residents of the area .
It can be a travel to Florida from Philadelphia , and if the teacher does not want to stop in Washington , you will miss the opportunity of seeing Washington and talking the people in Washington .

Another constraint of travelling in a group led by a tour guide is that you are not free to choose the source of information about the place that you are travelling .
For instance , suppose that you are in Turkey , and you are to take a tour bus that goes to Kapadokia , which is one of the wonders of Turkey , led by a tourguide .
You will be unable to talk to residence of Kapadokia who live in very small and old villages .
You will not have the opotunity to gain knowledge about the history and the civil life from its residents point of view .
How detailed could the tour guide 's instructions be ?

Summing up , travelling in a group led by a tourguide is very restrictive .
You almost do not have any preference on choosing where to go , where to stop and where to get information from about the place you visit .
Given those constraints , the best way of travelling is a self-planned travel with your own .
Comparing young people to older ones , people tend to think that the youth enjoys life more than its elder counterpart .
Indeed , it is easy to realize that in most of the cases , old people are less able-bodied than the young ones .
This physical aspect may interfere with one 's ability to enjoy life because it prevents people from doing a certain number of activities such as sport or even the basic everyday act of going outside to do shopping for example .

Moreover , most of the activities in cities are created for the young people , to avoid them getting bored and staying in the streets .
These activities can be as well night clubs than sport centers ...

Nevertheless it would not be fair to attribute an enjoyable life to the young people only .
Indeed , I really think that enjoying life simply depends on one 's state of mind .
For instance , if we are used to get bored of everything and to criticize more than to admire then we will scarcely enjoy life .
On the other hand if we are used to be positive on the events happening then we have less reasons to dislike life and not to enjoy it .
Thus in my opinion enjoying life is more related to a psychological aspect than a physical one and in that way it is possible for the old people to enjoy life as much , indeed more , than the youth .

The fact of enjoying life can also be influenced by the events happening or that already happened in one 's life .
In that way , as I said before , the eldest person may enjoy life more than the youngest one because if for instance a young has health problems or family ones while the old no , then the latter will be more likely to enjoy life than the former one .

As a conclusion I would say that enjoying life is not a matter of age but a matter of state of mind and way of thinking .
Discovery does'nt come from following instructions , it comes from going beyond those instructions and taking risks .
For people to be successful they shoud take risks and reach a new point that no one had ever reached .
Taking risks needs strength and confidence , otherwise the goal will not be reached .
The first reason why being successful needs trying new things is that it will open him to new chances and discoveries in life .
And the second reason is that the people who will take risks are always brave to do so .

When a person takes risks in order to reach a target that he drew in his mind , he will probably be successful .
The reason is that those risks will give him a chance to discover his weaknesses and try to improve them , and his strengths as well .
So when the person is aware of his weaknesses and strengths he will be able to succeed because those informations will reduse the apportunity to make mistakes .
For example , the best student in my class used to follow instructions , and she was not that good , but when she decided to be better , she read alot of books , went places where she got important informations , made a lot of researches , and went to strange places and learned from .
Now she is the best student in the entire school .

taking risks is a speciality of brave people .
And brave people are always successful .
When a person try new things , he will be special .
And being spacial will make the person successful .
for example King Abdulazez had the braveness to come to Saudi and fight and get back his home country , that is why now he is famous and he was so successful when he was alive .

In conclusion we can say that success needs taking risks and trynig new thing , because the person will have more chances to try , and he will be brave .
with those two thins he will be successful .
Alone , the Best Way to travel it

I disagree with the statament that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I consider that it is better to travel alone .

I believe that when people travel in groups , they have to be accountable to the group .
This can be very stressful and could affect the way they enjoy their vacations or trip .
For instanse , if anything happen to any person of the group , the other people have to wait or spend time assisting this person .
In the contrary , I believe that when we travel alone we are able to develop our own schedule and to enjoy more freely without any interferance from any other person .
This will have a possitive impact in our vacation or trip that it was ultimately taken in order to relax and enjoy as much as possible .
Also , we will spend the time in the best manner without wasting time .

Moreover , when we travel in a group with a tour guide , we are not able to decide our trip 's plan , but we have to relay on the guide for any step to take during the trip .
In the oppositive , if we travel alone we know that we can make any decision regarding our trip 's plan or to decide the lenght of our stay or visit depending on our own circunstances , which defenitevely is more suitable and appropriate for me .
The goal is to enjoy the trip .

Also , travelling alone seems to be less expensive that travelling with a tour guide .
The fact that we have to hire a guide will increase the cost of the trip .

Furthermore , I believe that if travel alone , we will have more time to see the thing that really interest us .
For instance , in my own expenriece , when I visit a museum i like to spend enough time looking at the pictures rather than the other things .
If i have to follow a tour guide during a trip , it could happen that he or she will show the group the things that he or she considers important for her/his own , but it could be less important for me .
This could be dissapointed in the case that you cannot move forward to really enjoy or see what you really want to do .

Moreover , if you want to take any break during the trip , you will allow to do so if you are alone without asking anybody for permission .
We know if we travel with a tour guide in a group , you have to fully cooperate with everybody , and if you take a break will affect the group and their schedule .

In conclusion the best way to travel is alone , without a group or guide to follow as per all the above mentioned reasons .
of that
The beginning of the 21rst century is highly marked by environmental consideration .
The problem of pollution is more and more considered as a burning issue that must be tackled quickly to prevent some irreversible damages .
That explains why many countries now adopt policies to decrease the number of cars .
Could we however imagine that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today ?

On the one hand , we have seen recently that many efforts are made to banish cars .
We can quote the example of London whose mayor Ken Livingston created a system of expansive toll at the enter of downtown to deter people from using their cars .
Many other cities such as Paris hesitate to adopt these drastic kinds of decision or to develop carpooling .

Moreover , the decreasing of oil ressources and the problems of instability in the countries that produce this oil trigger a huge increase of the price of gasoline and we can easily imagine that only rich people could afford having a car if this trends still remains .

Last but not least , the warming of the earth due to pollution and more particularly gas emissions has compelled governments to react with important agreements such as the Kyoto summit which has finally been accepted by California .
The example of this state is quite relevant because it produces lots of pollution with big cities such as Los Angeles .
However , the governor has recently decided to sue the car companies that are accuded of being responsible for the pollution .

Even the people seem to be aware of the problem and try by themselves to lreduce their number of cars and to restrain the use of them .
So , we can imagine that the number of cars will decrease in the next years .

But on the other hand , twenty years is a too short period to change the mentalities and the habits .
In Los Angeles and many other big cities , you are compelled to use cars because the net of public transportation is not enough developped .
In addition , banishing cars would implie using more other means of transportation like trains or planes which are not always cheap and convenient .
Maybe , we could imagine that scientists will invent a new means of transportation that will use renewable energy but it is hardly possible that it would be developped in the next twenty yeras .

Finally , the amazing growth of China and India will create a new demand for cars that will probably compensate the positive effects of the reduction of cars in developped countries .

As a conclusion , I am deeply convinced that the number of cars will not decrease in the whole world in the next twenty years .
Indeed , this evolution is of course necessary but requires more time to find a new valid solution and to change people mentalities .
I am in complete agreement with the point of having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I feel that is is better to have some knowledge of all the subjects than to have a lot of knowledge in one specific subject only .
Tommorow , if some one appraoches me and asks some question which is related to some very bizzare topic , I may not able to give him or her the exact explanation .
However , I am sure I will be very happy and satisfied with the fact that I will be able to atleast give him or her some basic information about the topic and get the work started .
I think this point of atleast providing some basic info and guiding the start of the topic is far more better than completely being blank about the topic as the topic may not fall under your subject .

We have all heard about the popular proverb `` Jack of all trades but master of none '' .
I prefer to be the Jack and not the Master .
Sometimes it is the demand of the situation or the job profile of the person .
You never know what will your own kid ask you when he or she sees something for the first time .
Not only in terms of family and educating your near and dear ones but also in a competitive atmosphere at work if one shows his abilities and knowledge in a humble way , he or she is bound to be appreciated and promoted .

The best example can be the competitive examinations in India which are conducted to fill up government posts .
These jobs are so demanding that they cover almost each and every subject from the scratch to right till the graduate level .
That again tells us how demanding the job must be because you never know in which department or discipline you will be posted .
So it is always preferable and expected of you to have a prior and basic knowledge of all the major subjects that will be put in practice .

So basically I feel that if one is asked to talk on a bizzare topic or an unknown topic then he or she should be able to talk about atleast some basic points than just going blank .
It is nothing wrong in not having any idea of an unknown topic but it is always at your advantage to know different subjects .
You never know when and where will you need the information .
And then you will be thanked not only by other peole but also by your ownself .
I dont think there is any better definition to the word `` self satisfaction '' than this .
Knowledge is a very powerful tool .
The more you know about something , the better informed and prepared you are on the subject .
If having knowledge in one area is good , it 's even better to know about many subjects .
Having an integral education provides you with the base to be able to speak , even if at short length , about many topics .
You are able to move throughout a wider social spectrum because you can relate to a larger group of people .

That being said I think it 's important to specialize in one specific subject .
Experts have a very important place in our society .
They are recognized by governments , academia and many other places .
Their specialized information is valued because other people do n't know it .
Specializing in one specific subject leads you down a path of expertise .
Even better is when you can specialize in more than one subject .
This way , you can combine different fields and create new paths of knowledge .

Specializing in a subject ( whether it be one or more ) also opens a space to community .
Although a specific subject might not have a large range of people attached to it compared to people who have a broad knowledge , it is a more close and tightly knit group .
There 's a development of traditions , rules and language that pertain to that specific group .
Take into consideration medical and legal jargon , which might sound like a foreign language to people who do n't have knowledge in that specific field .
It is a way to communicate with people from the same `` tribe '' .
People from similar fields also are able to develop very strong relationships because they can understand the complexities of a particular subject .

We cannot overlook the importance of having an education that comprises of a wide variety of subjects .
This training enables you to be a constructive part of society .
But since everyone ca n't be laying down blocks ( there 's also need of solders , sculptors , painters , etc. ) , there is also a need to specialize in a particular field so you can offer society the best part of yourself : your knowledge .
Do young people enjoy life more than older people ?
I believe the answer is `` No '' .
I believe both young and older people can enjoy their lives equally , however , the ways of enjoying the life are quite different .

Young people tend to enjoy their lives from activies which older people cannot handle very well .
For example , young people like to party alot .
They drink , dance , and hang out with their friends all night long .
This is one way of young people to appriciate their healthest time in their lives .
Also , some other young people like to play sports , games , and music .
For example , I am in a band and I play guitar .
I love to play my guitar with my band .
We `` rock and roll '' with music we play .

On the other hand , older people enjoy life by walking a park , hiking , or chatting with their friends .
As I observe my grandparents it seems like older people enjoy beautiful environments such as sound of a bird or color of the sky .
They take the advantage of the environment to the fullest .
OIder people appriciate the beautiful Mother Nature that God has created for humans .
Also , they enjoy their companies .
Older people cannot do extreme activities like young people do ; they have a little enjoyable conversation with their friends .

As I decribed the differences in ways that young people enjoy life and older people enjoy life through specific examples , I believe anybody can enjoy life regardless of age .
The `` age '' is just a number .
It is very rude and disrepectful to think `` Oh ...
because they are old , they ca n't have fun . ''
Older people have already enjoyed their lives like young people 30 years ago .
In conclusion , I strongly disagree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Are n't you going to enjoy your life when you are older ?
I disagree with the statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .
I disagree mainly by three reasons .
First , even though the tour guide is an specialist in the zone or city that you are going to visit and you can get a more complete knowledge of that zone or city , I think that a good book of the city can supply in a correct way the knowledge of the tour guide .
A good book have history of the city , routes of interest , architectural and archeological points to visit and legends of the city among other things .
Using a book of the city in your travel can help you both to acquire the knowledge that you would acquire with the tour guide and to plan the route to follow .

Second , when you travel with a tour guide , you have the schedules restriction .
For example the plan says 8 am breakfast , 9 am visit to the museum , 1 pm eating ...
And you have to respect the schedule .
You do not have enough freedom .

On the other hand , when you travel without a tour guide , you can assign the time that you want to the different activities .
If you want , you can get up more late in the hotel , or if the visit to the museum is bored , you can end the visit and go to drink a coke or visit other thing .
In other words , you can assign the time to every activity , and not be restricted by an schedule .
You can enjoy the places by the time that you want , no by the time that a tour guide wants .

Third , traveling with a tour guide , restrict you the route or itinerary .
For example your travel can be limited to 7 or 8 places and you can not add or quit a place .
Traveling with a tour guide will allow you to decide wich places to visit .
Your travel will not be limited by a determined number of places .
If you want you can add or quit places to visit , the route is not fix .
You can visit the places that most attracts your attention .

In conclusion , for me is more exciting to travel without a tour guide because I can get more freedom in my travel and I can decide which places to visit and for how many hours .
I am not limited by the schedules or routes of a tour guide .
In my opinion there 's something true in this statement but it 's not quite accurate .
Succesful people are regared to be very rich , famous and wealthy .
So if an famous actor decided to take the risk of quitting the movie buisness and to start a whole new career ( for example as professional football player ) he would n't be taking any risk at all .
If he failed he would have enough money to survive this episode of `` new life finding '' and the whole world would report about his attempt to change his job .
So everybody would know about his `` risky '' plan which is n't risky at all in fact because he 's got nothing to lose .

Inspite of this unsuccessful people would have huge problems if they tried to change their job because they would n't have any savings to life from if they did n't succeed .
Furthermore nobody would know about this risky attempt because no newspaper or TV station would be interested in this particular change .

I think the media gives us the impression that successful people are trying new things more often than the common people because we are directly confronted with their new ideas .

Let 's give an example : David Beckham ( a famous soccer player from Great Britain ) changed his haircut every few months and the whole world was impressed by his new style and courage to do so .
At the same time I dyed my hairy every week to another beautiful color but nobody execept my worried mum was interested in this .

Fame and success make it possible to inform ( even without the intention to do so ) the huge mass about the new things certain people are trying .
Another exemple : When Arnold Schwarzenegger decieded to start a political career every newspaper reported about this sensational event but when I won the election to the new head of the sports club not even the local newspaper was interested in this .

To summarize : Successful people are n't taking more risks or trying new things than the normal human being is , the only difference is that the media reports about them .
It is such a hard thing to predict whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there is today or not .
There are so many factors leading to the decrease in the number of cars .
Some of these factors are the ever increasing oil price , the scarcity of gasoline and the high cost of car maintenance .
However , there are other factors promoting the use of cars and thus will result in more number of cars in the future .
In my opinion , I think that the number of cars wo n't decrease .
In fact , I think that there will be more cars in the future , than there are today .

One reason that may lead to the increase in the number of cars used , is the increasing number in population .
The number of people is increasing world wide , and lots of countries are having population control problem .
So , the more people there is , the more the need for cars and transport services .

Another reason is the advancement in Science .
Scientists are finding new energy sources that are abundant , less pollutant and cheap .
Having a cheap energy source decreases the running cost of owning a car , and thus encourages more people to purchase and own cars .
Moreover , having this source as clean and not a pollutant for the air or the environment will make it easier in terms of regulations to obtain a car .

Last but not least , the advancement in technology is another key reason .
Advancement in technology will increase the number of cars significantly .
With technology advancing , car manufacturers are able to lower their cost of production for cars .
Thus , it will be possible to produce cheaper cars in shorter periods of time .
Also , the advancement in technology makes it possible for governments to be able to build more bridges and to maintain healthy roads to accomodate more cars .

To sum up , Its like a supply and demand issue .
With the advancement in science and technology , resulting in increase in supply , and the increasing number of poplulation , resulting in increase in demand , owning a car will be easy and effective .
So , in Twenty years from now , there will be more cars in use than there are today .
In physics , teachers nowadays try to teach their students the so called physical sense .
It means to understand , to predict a phenomenon without filling blackboards of equations .
If we zoom out of the scientific fields , we can compare , on one hand , the understanding of ideas and concepts to the physical sense , and on the other hand , the facts to the equations which describe the phenomenon .
Both are intrisiquently linked .
A good scientific can explain the most difficult phenomenon to anybody , as well as he can demonstrate a theory .

In History , facts have their own importance and significance .
They keep ideas and concepts in the real world , avoiding people to get far from reality .
Facts are pillars , whereas ideas can change .
What makes Nazis different from any racist and populist groups ?
The extermination camps .
On one edge , we have ideals that have to be condamned , on the other side , we have pieces of evidence , that once , democratic countries let Nazi Germany killing millions of people just because they were Jew .
If a history teacher wants to present the horror of the extermination of Jewish people , he cannot talk only about Nazi ideals .
He must mentionning Auschwitz .
And Auschwitz is a fact .

Ideas and concepts can be defined as frames , whereas facts are details .
Details make the difference .

On a teaching point of view , is it easier to learn facts or to learn concepts ?
Facts give the concept a practical substance , making it easier to reach .

I think it is as important to learn concepts as to learnf facts
` Young people enjoy life more than older people do ' - I completely disagree with this statement .

I believe that one cannot generalise this concept based on a criteria like age .
One can definitely enjoy life irrespective of age .
It is all a matter of individual preferences , tastes and situations .
I have seen very gloomy young people with absolutely no spirits or enrgy to enjoy life .
At the same time I have met very energetic and joyful old people who ensure that they enjoy each and every moment of their life to the fullest .

One can enjoy life if he has a good company and good circumstances too .
Its not the youth or old age that decides this .
It may appear that young people enjoy more as they hang around with friends in big groups making noises , smoking , drinking and partying all night .
But I believe that the concept of enjoyment is different for different individuals .
For example - I do not need to go to a disotheque to enjoy life but I enjoy life as it is - I enjoy the first rain of the season , I enjoy the fragrance in the air after that first rain , I enjoy my morning cup of coffee with the newspaper , I enjoy sitting at night and chatting with my freinds - and all this I will even enjoy when I am old .

In fact I feel that old people have more to enjoy .
They have ample time especially if they are retired from their jobs .
They have the entire day with them to enjoy .
They do not have to worry about work pressure .
They have beautiful memories and experiences of life that to cherish and feel happy about .
At that age they have an entire life to look back upon and feel relaxed that they have achieved so much .
Whereas young people have so many worries with them always - first school then college then work then marriage then kids and so on and so forth .

In nutshell , it 's not the age that makes one enjoy life - rather it 's the spirit that makes you live life to the fullest enjoying each and every moment of it .
I disagree to the statement that young people enjoy their life more , as the older people were also young at some point of their life and hence they have gone through what a younger generation is going through , but time plays an important role in the enjoyment of life and also what an individual has the image of enjoyment of life in his mind .

Firstly , it is correct that young generation is enjoying the life more than the older at that time but as the time passes the young generation has to enter the older generation and that same young generation now again takes some pleasures in enjoying life in older age also thus if we calculate the enjoyment by comparing the older person to young one then we will find that older ones has enjoyed more on the scale of time .

Secondly , every person has its own defination of enjoyment in life , some might feel like their are enjoying life if the go for long drive or spend time in travelling and exploring the huge world , while some might feel that they are enjoying thier life by just chilling around their loved ones and spending time in chatting , emailing playing games etc. now this type of enjyoment are not defined for some particular age any one can get this enjoyment at anytime of thier life .
Thus the older and younger genration can enjoy to the same type of enjoyment .

Thirdly , every person has his own set of thinking of enjoyment and as the young generation is unaware of enjoyment he is going to get in his future life , he is more excited and ready to enjoy the life at every part of his life , which was the same feeling that an old generation has gone through .

Moreover now all the enjoyment that a young genration does are aslo tried and enjoyed by the older people , thus they have present life of enjoyment in old age and also had the enjoyment during thier young age , but the current younger genration ca n't go back in time and enjoy the moments that the older generation has experienced , but will have some different experiences of enjoyment of life for their coming younger generations .

Also , even if the young generation is young and can do many things that older ca n't but there are some things that younger genration does not have is the experience of the enjoyment which had been to the older generation , for young generation the enjoyment has just begin but for the older one it is coming to its end and thus they have far more enjoyed than the current younger generation .

Thus altogether the younger generation also enjoyes the life but the enjoyment that he has experienced has also been experieced by the older genration and the defination of enjoyment changes from person to person .
Although a good argument can be made that old people enjoy life more than young people do , I think that the contrary is true .
There are two reasons why I have this opinion .

First , when you are young , you tend to have more money to spend than when you are older or even retired .
With the age come the duties and the sorrows .
When building a family , there are a lot of things such as a house and the education for the children that cost a lot .
Altough it may be true that young people may dispose of relatively less money , they have more to spend .
So they give it out for vacations , cars , parties and other things that are fun .
They sometimes even buy things that they cannot really afford .
Without saying this is better , young people think short-term and therefore enjoy every single day .
When I used to work as a trainee when I was 21 years old , I had money but no duties .
So I just enjoyed going out with friends every night and spend the whole money .
I do not think that I will show the same behavior by the time I get 30 .
I will hopefully have saved some money to be able to plan a family .

In addition to that , young people want to enjoy now and today .
From my point of view , I think it is better to enjoy your life as long as you can .
Knowbody knows what tomorrow will be .
I heard about a lot of people who were postponing their trips they wanted to take or their cars they wanted to buy , but due to several factors , suddenly it was not possible anymore .
Not only is it more fun to do a trip with your friends when you are young , but it is something you have done and will always think back and smile .
Therefore , young people travel around more when they are young just because it has more advantages than if you travel when you get older .

In conclusion , despite the fact that older people have fun as well , I think that young people enjoy their lives more because they do it with less reasoning and more joy .
There is a lot of benefits one can gain from traveling .
And to get the most benefits possible from a trip I totally agree on going on these trips in groups and with a tour guide leading the group .

One first advantage you might gain out of having a tour guide is that you minimize , if not completely eleminate , chances of being lost , and of course that would save plenty of time that someone can use toward enjoyable events .

Traveling in groups also offer the advantage of lower costs , as there is a higher chance for the group to get numerous discounts on prices and packages than a single person would .
Staying with the same tour guide and travel agence as many times as possible will offer even extra discounts for being a long-term customer .

Having a tour guide is a great privilage , as this tour guide has enough knowledge about the places visited on the trip , specially if it is a history involving trip where you can listen to a description from a tour guide rather than reading a book or watching a video about this particular place before you visit , and of course that would save even more time .

There is always a lot of transportation on long trips traveling from one place to the other .
Being with a group is a great chance to eleminate the times where someone gets bored or feel home-sick .
Traveling in a group also create and strengthen friendship bonds in ourlives , and using travel-companion ( s ) is an awesome way to create relationships with others .

Last but not lest , infromation collected from visiting a certain place , quantitatively and qualitatively , would be a lot more accurate and precise , as these information are collected from multiple sources , between the tour guide or group members .
Traveling in groups and with a tour guide can be the most way of learning about different cultures and traditions that doing it a lone .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
My argument is clearly supported by the following reasons and examples .
To illustrate the point , we first want to know the purpose of the advertisement .
Why are the manufacturers spending so much money on advertisements .
The anwer is quite simple to everybody .
They want to make money out of the products .
That determines that most advertisements exaggerate the advantages of the products , and rarely mentioned the downsides .
And the disadvantages are usully played down if they are mentioned at all .
For example , Toyota claims that the Prius , the most famous brand of hybrid cars , can run 42 miles per gallon of gas .
However , that 's not true , at least for most of situations .
The typical mileage of Prius is only around 35 , a quite gap from the Toyota 's claim .
In fact , you can get mileages close to 42 when you drive on the highway only .
Obviously , the advertisement put out by Toyota handily never mention that .

There is another example .
Proactive , the famed medication for treating acny , states in the advertiesment , that it works very well on different types of skins , no matter dry , sensitive , very moisture .
It turns out that it is not true either .
It only works fairly well on dry skill .
It does n't work on the sensitive skin at all .
In turn , it could make the situation worse .

The nature of an advertisement is essentially determined by its mission , marketing the product for its producer .
Thus I strongly believe that all advertisements are doing exaggerations , more or less .
Since almost all risks generated by using the products are on consumers , therefore , consumers should do their own researches when puchasing products , especially for higly valued goods or important products for health .
A hundred years ago nobody thought that these days we would have millions and millions of cars in use in every country .

I do n't think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use .
In fact , I do belive that the number of cars in use will increase dramatically .
One fact that may cause this is that there will be more single people than nowadays , and they will all need a way of transportation from home to their place of work .

Another reason why numer of cars will increase is that rich people love cars .
They think they are better persons if they have more cars than anyone .
That 's why they will keep on buying them and using all of them to try to show how rich , powerful and great persons they are .

In addition , cars are may be the best way to get from one place to another : it is the cheapest way to travel , and you are free to decide where you want to go , even to change your opinion during the travel .

But cars do represent a big problem to our environment .
They produce toxic gases that affects the ozone layer .
Due to these gases our lungs are polluted too .
Now there are more people with cancer than back then .

In the future , cars will face another problem : the matter that there will not be enough oil to all of them .

Is there anything that we can do to protect ourselves and our environment from pollution and also still have the chance to travel whenever we want , wherever we want , anytime we want ?
Yes , there ir .
But the solution , unfortunately , has not been developed yet .
We need new ways of transport , such as vehicles that runs thanks to electricity instead of oil .
That 's why I really believe that when these ` green vehicles ' get to be developed , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
However , it wo n't happen in twenty years .
In my opinion it is good to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specializing in one specific subject because it is said that `` to have a good and useful knowledge do not have it on one topic have it many topic as it enlighten your mind , since knowledge increase on reading more and giving more '' .
Now the question arises why it is good to have knowledge on many academic subject it is because that life is full of diversity and result of this is we have to face many faces of life , which is not possible by simply knowing one subject .
Take an example like you have knowledge of only computer science and the situation arises where you have to apply knowledge of chemistry but since you have specialize in only one subject and do not know anything about chemistry so you face the problem .

Whenever there is a problem there is a way out and for this reason only our education system is designed in such a way that we study each and every subject and atleast attain a knowledgeble position in each and every subject .
There always question arises in education system why a history student have to study chemistry and other subjects , the answer is very simple no body can gurantee what is going to happen in coming future .
So in order to prepare for every situation he or she must be prepare for any aspect of life and the key indegridient for this is ` KNOWLEDGE DIVERSITY ' that is an individual should not confined his or her study to one field but try to learn in a diverse envoirnment .
Now take a real life problem you are a father of small child and you only know literature since you have specialize in it .
Now one night your child become ill and you do not find any doctor nearby so what you will do in that case .
There the diverse knowledge plays a important role since we study biology upto some level so we can trace out symptoms and can give some primary aid to child which we have learn otherwise simply wait and watch .

So these all examples above shows the importance of broad knowledge in many academic subject not in one so since it is proved that `` knowledge is never wasted '' , and this have been realised by our forefather 's and our education system is result of that policy only .
I think being youmg means to be able to do things more easily and freely .
When you are young , you are less responsible and you have more energy and the feeling of excitement for life .
Hence , I do agree with the statement saying that ` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . '

To illustrate my opinion we can compare some family members .
The parents are responsible for both their lives and their children 's lives .
So , they can not move free from their children .
For example they can not go to holidays without considering their children .
They should find a solution about their youngs .
Also , they should take permission from their work .
On the other hand , children can easily go to holidays by just taking their parents ' permission , although sometimes they even do not do this .
They are more free to do the things they want to .

If we think about the couples just married , the situation is not too different again .
Once you begin to work .
you become a member of real life dealing with real problems to survive and you forget about the beautiful parts of living .
You are so surrounded with the problems that you become having a monotone life full of problems .
However , when you are young , you do not have to earn money to survive .
Your family supports you financially .
Youngs also have responsibilities like finishing school , but they have more free time compared to older people .
You just care about school-based problems and friendship-based problems .
Life is mostly full of enjoyment for you .
You are not still aware of the real life problems even you hear about them .
Most of the time you just think of your own pleasure .

Another thing is that , the older you become , the less energetic you are .
To enjoy life , you should have the desire of living .
When you are younger you are more inexperienced and you aer not aware most of the bad parts of living .
Thus , you want to do every enjoyable thing .
However , as you become older you are bored of living since you have experienced lots of bad things and so you think that life is not very enjoyable .

In sum , I really believe that young people enjoy life more than the older people because young people are more energetic and less responsible and they see just the enjoyable part of the world .
I ca n't make a clear decision wether i agree the statement or not , because it depends on the product and especially on the brand .
I think that products and brands being popular and well known wo n't cheat with their advertisment .
One reason is that the quality of most of this products is so high that there is no need for the enterprises to lie .
A second reason is that the enterprises harm their image if they promise something their product ca n't fulfill .

But on the other side new or unknown brands which will conquer a market ca n't survive if they wo n't get humans attention .
That 's why many enterprises have to make big promises to attract the consumers view .
Examples can be seen daily in TV or in the written media .

In our days I think I tend a bit more to the fact that I wo n't agree with the statement .
In the time of internet there is a high transparancy concerning the quality of goods .
Statements of people who used the product could be looked up and so if one product has bad critics the enterprise could be kicked out of business .

Furthermore there are several institutions like the German `` Stiftung Warentest '' which test products to give a neutral statement , and people give much upon their opinion .
Last but not least the legal situation for businesses is more difficult .
So there is only a small path between what is legal exageration and what is illegal cheating .
So the risk to harm the business , for an enterprise , is big enough that most of them wo n't make their products better than they realy are because there is a lot of danger in being punished by the state or even the consumers .
On a first glance it may sound politically correct to say that it is better to have a broader perspective on many subjects rather than specializing in a field .
But I feel that it is better to specialize in a field , though a field that interests the person to a great extent .

In olden days when there was no technology to aid the humans , they accumulated whatever information they had on a particular field .
But ultimately the information was not massive .
That is , the information was not of that quantum that it was difficult for the brain to remember .
Lets looks at todays picture .
We know of the advances made in every field of academics .
There is so much to learn and know , but is the human brain capable of that ?
I dont think so .
So it is actually a human shortcoming .

Now , from another point of view .
The most common example of a doctor !
We all know that specialists are an absolute essentiality these days .
The reason for an improved life longevity is not only the machines ( i.e. technology ) but also humans in the form of specialists .
As a specialist knows his field very well he can deal with almost all the situations arising from his field and this ultimately means greater services to the people .

Although people tend to argue that due to so many branches in every field it might become a case of `` too many cooks spoil the broth '' .
But , because to the special fields , the specialist may concentrate more on his field and and work hard to improve his field of work , that is again , better results !
We have many such examples in every field today .
For example , had every engineer been building bridges and houses ( like earlier ) , would there be fields of engineering such as robotics and nano particles ?

But , finally as an exception , it must be left to the individual concerned .
This is because there is a natural tendency in some people to learn everything they like , they are inquisitive .
So it is better to leave the choice to such people .
Of course , ultimately knowledge is also for pleasure and self contentment !

In conclusion , I would say that the need of the hour is specialists in all walks of life for a better tomorrow .
I believe it is better to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because I strongly believe that focus is a very important element for anyone seeking success .
Having broad knowledge of many subjects does not make us experts in any of these subjects whereas focusing on a single subject helps us fully comprehend that subject and have more control over it .
Without focus , there is no direction or goal .

Specializing in one specific subject allows us to research everything about that subject more thouroughly .
It is easier not get distracted by irrelevant information when one has a single issue to deal with than many .

I experienced this six years ago when I started studying fine arts in college and took classes from every department including painting , drawing , sculpture , ceramics , fashion and illustration .
It was exhausting to try to practice all of them together , so I decided to focus on painting which was the one I was most interested in .
Now I am a painter , and I can say I know more about painting than anything else and this has brought self fullfillment to my life .

No matter how some people might think that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better , it is an undeniable fact that we have limited time to spend on each of these subjects .
Expertise only comes from practice and we obviously need time to practice .
To put it in a simpler way ; who do you think would bake better cakes : someone who bakes cakes , bread , croissants and cookies all at the same time or someone who does nothing else but baking cakes ?
I definitely think that the second person would have a much more delicious cake to offer .
Fewer cars due to increased use of public transportation

I fully agree with the given statement that the number of cars will reduce within the next twenty years .
Firstly , a lot of people will not be able to afford gas anymore .
By virtue of the exploitation of natural resources such as petroleum the price of those products will increase even more than it already did .
A car will become something like luxury for many people .
This causes a natural decline of the number of cars on the streets .

Besides , the world population will raise enormously .
In twenty years will propably have almost ten billion people living all over the globe .
As a result , traffic will increase .
Not only in cities but also in remote areas because you need more space for all the people .
Traffic jams and more accidents will occur more often especially in cities .
In order to avoid this chaos many people will have to use public transportation like bus or subway .

Another reason for my opinion that there will be fewer cars in use is the lack of parking spaces in big cities .
Every huge town in the world as a problem with providing enough room for the cars .
In Manhattan the cars have to be stacked and in San Francisco the prices for a parking lot in downtown are hardly affordable to keep the people from parking there .

In addition to this , state governments will have to pass laws which will restrict traffic .
Due to overpopulation and enviromental pollution owing to heavier traffic , the number of cars allowed on the streets at the same time will have to be regulated to stop further destruction of the planet .

Last but not least , we will have new technologies concerning public transportation .
I am pretty sure we will have faster trains , new inventions to travel and the prices will decrease .
A reason for lower prices is that more people will use public transportation out of the reasons I mentioned and explained above ..
This essay tries to provide a closer look to the question if successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

To start with a variation of a common place : There are usually many different roads to success in a variety of fields like life , work , and business , to name the most popular ones .

When being young , people tend to explore themselves and their surroundings by ways different from the others .
Even if they are not trying new things , they imagine themselves as being different from the older ones .
For young people , this imagination can be a strong drive for achievement and enables them to take risks .
These could support them in the end up to be more successful than others .
Nevertheless , success always depends not just on oneselve but on a couple of features and factors , for example , the actings of others , I believe .
The lonesome cowboy who is just doing things his way and being successful by doing so belongs rather to the realm of dream than to everyday reality .
Adapting to the given circumstances by living in a human surrounding means to learn , to understand and to be influenced by the way other people handle things .
Moreover , human interaction and therefore the handling of everyday includes the idea of being organized in systems .
Outstanding or non-fitting elements can be excepted and exist only for a limited time before becoming unbearable .
If one knows to handle things in a successful way suiting the social and natural environment , one surely can be successful by sticking to a particular approach for a long time .
The Coca Cola Company is one of the best examples for people who know how to do well because they stick to the basic recepy of the beverage known as Coca Cola .
At the same time Coca Cola tries to do new things and takes risks by mixing new tasts and flavours .
So success always is a mixture of both , I believe : to learn from others how to do things well and to try new things and take risks .
Sometimes it is wise to tend a bit more to the one aspect and then there are times to lean to the other side - just like Goethe said : Known things and ways have to be preserved in order to see and understand new things and ways .
I do n't think that this statement is correct .
In Germany young people have the choice between `` Zivildienst '' and the `` Bundeswehr '' .
Most young people say `` No i do n't wa n't to go to the Army ( Bundeswehr ) '' and instead spend nine `` social month '' ( Zivildienst ) in for example hospitals or `` Altenheime '' a place where old people can go and where they live until the end of there lives .

In that nine month , every young person can help their community and the hole society .
In Germany the social sector wouldn'y be able to survive without these `` Zivildienstleistende '' , the guys who do n't want to go to the army .

I for myself did n't want to go to the army because they could't tell my when i can go there and when i would be finish .
So i decided that i make these `` social nine month '' .

These nine month gave me the oppertunity to help old people , speak and listen to him and to give them a good feeling .
It maybe sounds cracy , but old people are realy happy when they see me coming .
Often they are left alone , nobody of there familie comes to visit them so they are happy to have someone to talk with .

I also think that there are many young people who do a lot without earing money for it .
In my freetime i play handball in a club and every year we organize a big party where about 600 people have always ( ! )
a lot of fun .
To organize such a event you need a lot of people and everybody helps to make this possible again , year after year .

What i want to say with this is very simple .
The money that is earned with this party is spend for the smalest children in the club .
They get new balls or tshirts .
All the money is spend for a good use .

Here this is called social engagement and i think the different forms of engagement are also under the young part of the society still not dead .
A lot of young persons want to tell the older ones there ideas to help and to make the different events much better for everyone .
Another example in my opinion is the pope visit in colone at the `` world child day '' .
Over 500.000 young people wanted to see pope benedikt .
That shows me that on the one hand religion is not dead ( insted it comes back ! )
and on the other hand that a lot of young people whant to `` push '' society and there community forwards .

In the last time you can hear much ofter guys that want to publish there opinion to take influence at the public meaning .
I think young people do a lot more to help there communities as in the past , even if the way young people chose is often not that understud as young people want to .
Can we state that success is directly connected to innovation , that the more you are taking risks , the better your chances of success will be ?
This may seem a pretty obvious statement at first .
I am going to invent a new product and I will become rich !
But this statement may be more complicated than it appears .

Let start with the `` obvious '' part .
Of course , by introducing a new product on a market , I increase my chances to attract customers and develop a successful business .
Our world is constantly evolving and new products , new technology for example , are very much on demand .
I can also , by trying differents ideas or methods , improve the way I am doing my business and become more efficient .
New ideas can improve the quality of my products , their cost efficiency , their image .
Companies all around the world know that very well and urge their employees to think `` outside the box '' .
Universities will also motivate their students to become more creative and find new ways of thinking .
It seems that everyone agrees that creativity and innovation are very important to become successful .

But I ca n't help remembering that Van Gogh never sold one painting during his entire life .
He was one of the most creative and innovative painters of his time .
He dedicated his life to his art and painted the way he wanted even if he was heavily criticized .
Why was n't he successful ?
I ca n't also help noticing that every time I go to the cinema to see one of the `` big success of the year '' , I am disappointed .
It seems that to be successful , a film has to follow a set of standard rules : a charismatic hero , a sexy counterpart , lots of action and simplistic dialogs .
Obviously , creativity does n't pay in the movie business and you have to stick to what you do well , hence Rocky V and all the sequels of successful films that are shot every year .

I certainly do think that creativity is a major asset and I encourage everybody around me to take risks in their life but I am not convinced that it leads to success .
At least , not to success as we understand it , that is commercial success .
But , it certainly leads to personal improvement , to a sense of satisfaction and achievement that the repetition of an activity can , at one point , no longer bring .
Nowadays , cars roam every part of the city .
It seems as if there was never a moment in time when these vehicles are not out on the street .
However , cars could very well suffer a decrease in twenty years due to skyrocketing prices and environmental issues .

Having a car is an expensive luxury , and that may be one of the reasons why they may disappear .
Car prices are not getting any cheaper , in fact , all the commercials on television promote cars with new gadgets and more powerful engines , making buying one more expensive , and therefore making less people buy one .
Secondly , gasoline prices are increasing daily .
As a matter of fact , prices of gasoline are reaching historical records and filling a tank can cost a fortune .
Not only is the price of the gasoline worrying , but the fact that gasoline is getting scarcer by the minute will mean that once petroleum runs out , which scientists estimate will happen in 50 years , gasoline-powered cars will no longer be in use .

Not only is price a key factor in the reduction of the number of cars , but the fact that people are becoming more and more concerned with the environment is also something that could trigger the number of cars to decrease .
More and more people take public transportation , such as buses and trains , because it saves time , money , and the environment .
In the last few years more campaigns about using public transportation in Spain have been done , pointing out how cars pollute .
In fact , a survey has been carried out and the results reveal that people are becoming more environmentally friendly and that campaigs for the use of public transport are effective .
This new `` concience '' will lead people to replace their cars for cleaner ways of transport .

Last but not laest , more and more cities have public transport and this type of transport is being modernized on a daily basis .
Due to the increase of different types of public transport and their quality , many people go to work by train or bus instead of getting the car .
Not only is public transport faster and more convenient , allowing you to avoid traffic , but it is much cheaper than filling the gas tank and paying the parking meter .

All in all , cars , as I see it , will slowly tend to be used less often because of the circumstances surrounding us : Gasoline prices are skyrocketing , car prices are extremely high , the environment cannot survive if this rate of contamination continues , and there are many other better alternatives out there .
Looking closely at the matter , if not using the car saves money , time and our environment , why wait 20 years ?
Cars should be used less often right now .
I would agree with the statement that it is necessary for students to unsersatand the basic ideas than merely learning the facts .
To exemplify , lets take how an engine works .
We may learn many facts about the engine as such or how curiously it works and more .
But knowing the facts about the engine doesnt mean that you are conceptualising the basic idea of its mechanism .
Knowing all the facts doesnot mean that you may be able to repair an engine if it broke down on way .
But understading the mechanism and conceptualising how the engine works would help you a lot .

Just learning facts is only a way of mugging up things .
Facts always remain as facts and it doesnt mean that students are understanding it .
It may teach you right from wrong ones .
But if you try to understand the basic ideas you may be able to build your own answers for many questions .
Students would find this atmost handy while appearing for practical exams .
A student who has understood the concept will develop his own answer from a question even if he is asked an indirect or related question .
Thus you are trying to find out your answer from your own knowledge base which you have conceptualised better rather than merely knowing the fact .

But the students may find it difficult to conceptualise things as it is not easy for all to grab things in the same manner .
For this , it is better to be more pragmatic than reading through books .
It would be better for the students to picturise the mechanism and do it practically .

To quote another example , it is a fact that aeroplanes fly with the help of pressure differences on its wings .
But merely knowing this fact is not sufficient enough .
If you try to understand the idea that an increased velocity of airflow through its wings will create lesser pressure on the surface which gets pushed upwards by the increased pressure at the bottom part , you would conceptualize the idea much faster .
If somenoe can show this with a model or a picture , the students woul understand it better .

Students who have poor ideas or concepts finds themself difficult to get updated with latest innovations and techniques about those subjects .
So understanding the ideas and concepts holds the key for effective learning and success .
In this world of never ending technology and demand for it , it is highly unlikely to predict the shift from the conventional means of transport to rather slow and unconventional means .

Before going twenty years deeper in to the future let us review the past five years .
There has been an increase of about a drastic 150 % in the number of cars manufactured and the number sold in the market .
This aptly explains the sate of mind of todays man kind .
The increase in the number of automobiles would increase the pollution levels but man is not able to switch on to a less dustructive means .
Popullation is also a major draw back .
This can be explained by the simple logic `` more the people , more the means of transport required '' .
As the number of vehicles increased by about 150 % in five years a decline in it is nearly impossible in this parasitic human world .
Though many of the educational institutions are not allowing vehicles in their campus the effect on the public is decimal .
A person would always choose a faster way of transport rather than a slow means like a bi-cycle .
It may also be possible that some day man made fuel with no pollution effects could be invented and the number of vehicles may increase as need is always the source for invention .
But if such a marvel is not achieved then the world will have to face an inevitable natural catastrophy .

Hence according to the things standing as on today and the reasons stated it can be said that the number of automobiles would increase in the coming twenty years and man kind cannot try to stop the increase but should and has to try to decrease the negative effects of the increase .
Whether it is better to specialize in only a small number of academic fields or whether a broad overall knowledge should be aimed at , is a difficult question for students , teachers , professors , schools , universities and governments in everyday 's discussions .
Often a strategy has to be adopted , that can only focus on one of the given directions .

Having experienced two different school systems and also knowing about the different aproaches taken in schools and universities , I can speak from my own experience in the course of this essay .

The German school system , for example , follows a very generalistic strategy : Students have to learn everything from biology to maths and from latin to music .
By following this approach students are said to gain a good general knowledge and develop their intellecutal abilities while training various skills and techniques .
Students educated in this manner are often percieved as very intelligent and get credit for being able to communicate with people about various topics while using their ability to analyse things from a well-stuctured overall perspective .

On the other hand the information they have is not very detailed and otfen only scratches the surface .
Generalistically educated students often struggle to specialise late in their life for a barrier is set early when competing with specialists in their desired jobs or universites .
They have to cath up with a lot of study , before this is possible and thus often find it hard to compete with the specialists in today 's globalized world .

On the other hand specialists also encounter a lot of problems .
They often find it difficult to gather a general overview when first meeting a topic and are frquently juged upon their poor knowledge in fields they are not specialized in .
If somehow they get bored or are forced to step out of their specialiyed subject , they face very hard conditions not being able to simply swop jobs , universities or simply fields of study and will be urged to built up new knowledge pools from the very beginning / making all their pervious efforts worthless .

However students having followed a specialist education are also known for their deep expertise and thus often have an advantage on any job or university market .
They are good at what they do and thus blessed with success and content about their specification .

Finally , taking both views into account I personally think that a general education prepares students better in an academic sense for the quests of today 's world .
The task they will meet will never revolve around one sinlge subject .
However - also taking todays competitiveness into account - a certain specification is vital if one wants to compete sucessfully in the globalized world .
A well-balanced mixture of in-depth study and generalistic academic skills and topics should thus be the aim of any student , university and government .
Only those who take risks will be the successfull ones .
That is what one of my professors in Spanish Economy in my University in my University used to repeteadly say in class .
He wanted us to be adventured , to have the courage to start up new bussineses and , basically , to take the risk to do something different .
Of course not everybody in class agreed with him , as such way of thinking and living has defenetely pros and cons , but in my oppinion being brave and taking risks in life is important in order to find true happiness and be succesfull .

As previously stated , some of my colleagues in class did not agree at all with the professors idea that taking risks is something necessary .
They advocated that people should only do what they feel comfortable doing and what they are sure they are going to do well .
Therefore , not taking risks would somehow ensure your own happiness or sucess .
It is true , they would argue , that it might not be the higher level of happines that you would be able to reach , but you make sure you are not going to fail in life .
This was infact the particular argument of one of my colleagues , who just wanted to graduate in order to apply for a job in a Public Ministry and work there for the rest of her life .
I thought that it was certainly a safe decission , as she would never have to worry about loosin her job , but in my oppinion she would also renounce to her chances of achieving some higher professional goals .

On the other hand , some other colleagues used to say that taking risks is something very important in life , specially when it comes to the economic sector , in which only those who are brave and not follow the rules are really succesfull and acomplish their goals .
From my perspective , a key allegation to support this argument is the fact that important business leaders around the globe are people who took risks at some point in their lifes , something which gives a lot of food for thought .

In a nutshell , having the courage to take risks is not something easy as of course there is a chance that you might not succeed , but the idea of always doing what is secured and not being able to find and try new things is not atractive to me .
I believe that my professor was right and that , in particular in Economics , taking risks is what makes the difference .
Contrary as it might sound there are a number of reasons and phenomena that are happening around the world that may indicate the number of cars in use will drop in the next twenty years .
This may sound counterintutive as the automobile market is booming and car sales are higher than ever before .
However a closer look at the issue reveals a slightly different picture .

Firstly there is the global oil crisis that has affected almost every nook and cranny of the world .
In most countries it has become exorbitant to fuel a car that is being used regularly .
General environmental awareness levels are also going up .
Now more than ever before people world over are realising how much automobile exhaust is polluting the atmosphere .
This in addition to oil shortage will eventually discourage people from investing in cars .
Furthermore mineral resources and metal mines are not endless .
Very soon they will run out at the current rate of utilisation .
Once this happens the prizes of cars will sky rocket .
So far there have been very few cars that effectively run on non-polluting safe energy .
Even the few that have developed have not managed to capture the general market .

Secondly most countries are going to great lengths to develop efficient , and fast public transport systems .
In addition most cities are expanding .
As the city limits become larger and larger people have to commute greater distances to get to the destination of their choice .
Thus as public transport systems become better and more widespread people will soon realise that it is definitely more economical to switch to public transport rather than to use cars .

Lastly another global proble , seemingly mundane but actually crucial is the increase in incidence of road congestion and the lack of parking space .
Most cities now days suffer from terrible and atrocious traffic jams which uneccesarily waste time .
Even if you escape a traffic jam you may have to go to elaborate length to find a free parking spot .

In conclusion it can be seen that eventually all of the above factors , to varying extent will discourage people from buying more cars .
Thus as older cars slowly fall into disuse the number of cars totally in use will go down in the next twenty years .
Nowadays , young people and organizations are expected to support the communities in which live/are located in .
With life complexities and growing responsibilities , young people may not have sufficient time to help their communities .
While this may be true for some individuals , there is an increasing number of young people devoting their time to help their communities and other communities which need support .

I have observed young students sacrificing their summer holidays to help build houses and volunteer in poor African communities .
Yet have also observed other young people self involved in their day to day life not helping their community either because they do not care or they simply do not have the time as they have other priorities ( play with their friends , go to camp , etc . ) .

The broader issue is around education and what young people are being taught in the classroom and at home .
Many homes do not lead by example or embed the sence of community or sharing in the education of their children .
Hence young people not devotng any time in their communities .

There are indeed some young people who support their communities , however the support is not sufficient with the growing world problems we are seeing nowadays .
I therefore agree with the statement as not sufficient support is available .

Young people with energy can provide a lot of help to their communities by allocating very little time of their day .
For example , teaching a child of the community how to read or write , helping an old person with tasks they are not capable of doing , support in the building of a new school or hospital , etc .

Many people associate help with spending money , while that may sometimes be the case , helping ones community with ones personal time could be equally rewarding .
Helping ones community does not always have to be financial .
While in many cisrcustances , funding is an issue , many organization are not available to help fund communities in need , what is lacking is the human helping hand .

Seeing poverty in Africa and developing counties is an eye opener .
The number and size of the problems in the lives of these communities are horrifying and required help is not quantneeded in the world .
There will always be more problems in this continent than helping hand , however , we can start by increasing the help to our communities and do the best we can to improve the lives of the communities we live in .
I do not agree with the statement that the young poeple nowadays do not pay much attention to helping their communities .
In times of urgent need , the young people are always on the forefront in helping others .

It is true that the young people are nowadays are much more carefree than the previous generations .
However , this does not mean that they are apathetic to the isssues concerning their communities .
Take children for example .
With the help of their school and parents , students are always known to conduct cleanliness and health awareness drives .
Recently the children near my block were collecting donations from everyone in the suburb to help the old people of the country .
The schools are playing a very vital role in encouraging the children to take such initiatives .
Children as a part of their extra activities tend to go door-to-door creating awarensess about issues like proper usage of plastic , health and sanity , spread of diseases etc .

The younger generation is also actively help their communities in case of emergencies .
Due to increased use of technology , the younger generation is much more aware about the incidents all over the world .
Youngsters tend to motivate people to act against unjust decision and rules through active responses .
Recently my country was plagued by a huge earthquake rendering thousands starving and homeless .
The help that the youngsters offered was tremendous .
Thousands of young volunteers with foods and supplies arrived overnight to help those in need .
All the student bodies in colleges and universities collected cash and kind to help the disaster stricken population .
I know many friends who regularly volunteer to feed and cook for the poor .

It is true that present generation has some flaws .
It has become much more indifferent to political issues and developments .
But taking into account all the factors , it would be unfair to generalise their behaviour as negligence .
How many times did we buy a product after been delighted by its amazing beauty or features and then , we found out that it was really useless , with our great disappointment ?

As a matter of fact advertising does n't show the customer the downsides of its product or service , but emphasizes the essential advantages that it can bring into our lifes .
If we go deeper into the topic , analyzing how people develop commercials and advertisements , we can identify why this can happen .
First it 's analyzed the ideal customer and , according to him/her tastes and preferences , some characteristics , or even emotions , are underlined in the advertisements .
Furthermore some tecnical devices are used to create the sensation of wealth in the consumer , for instance using the image of a creamy yoghurt , surrounded by fresh fruits and pieces of chocolate , even if , in the reality - practically making the commercials - the yoghurt is just a white-coloured cream , so creamy that it 's impossible to recreate into reality .

In addition the advertisements can use the technique of the association to something else , even something that is completely different but that must share the same feeling of the advertized product .
For example Gillette , a famous brand of razors , made an advertisement for its product placing , on a page of a magazine , the shape of the razor , close to a Ferrari , a sportif and expensive car .

The two shapes had the same bright colours in order to underline their hypothetical similarity regarding the strong sensations they could offer towards the consumer .
All this arguments are presented in order to emphasize some features that we feel , watching adverisements , and make products much better than they really are .
Lately a lot of people discussed the questioned if young people enjoy life more than older people do .
And infact this question is not very simple to answer , because there are a lot of views with different standpoints from people in different periods of life .
So you can divide people into a lot of groups concerning their attitude on these question .

If you mention sports for example , I am sure that young people enjoy their life more than the older one , because if you are younger you are more agil and have much more energy to do sports like rafting , base jumping , windsurfing ans so on .
Maybe older people are a little bit unhappy of not being able to do all sports because of their health situation .

Another contrary aspect is working .
Younger people for example at the age of 18 have to make their final exam and maybe want to go to the university for becoming a doctor or a manager .
Then they will have to spend a lot of time being at home learing all day and night to get a job in the future .
They have to concentrate all the time and are not allowed to have fun until they have reached their goal .
If you are older , for example at the age of 40 you are yet working in a company and maybe you are lucky of not having to learn so much because your are doing the same work the whole weak , the whole month or even the whole year .
Because of this reason it is possible that younger people cannot enjoy their life until they finished school or university and are able to do their work .

Another reason why older people could be the happier ones enjoying their life more than younger ones is that they have allready made their experiences with school , parents and so on , that they could benefit from these experiences .

So from a special moment on you can start enjoying life because of knowing what to do with your time , knowing some important secrets of life and knowing how to keep the balance in life .
When you know these important facts I assume that it is much easier to enjoy life .
The most convenient way of making the best out of life would be to know all the important facts from the date of birth on , but I think , then life would not be as funny and enjoyable as it is .
One can undoubtedly say , that everybody in our society strives for success .
But what is the underlying principle leading to success ?
Some people claim that successful people are innovative , take risks rather than continuing working on what they already know well .

In my opinion , this statement is true for many cases .
People who try new things or take risks are more willing to explore their boundaries .
This makes it more likely to come accross discoveries and ideas that are revolutionary and lead to and outstanding performance .

Also , these people are usually more adaptable than their collegues who prefer to stick to their old patterns and spend their entire life in an office , performing the same tasks everyday .

Risky people are usually at the forefront of their field , whereas people who do what they know well , will always lag behind .
People who are open-minded perceive changes in their environment not as a threat , but as an opportunity and are able to take these chances to revolutionise an area .
Furthermore , people who are willing to take risks cannot usually be discouraged easily by concerned friends or family when trying to set a very far-fetched idea into practice .

A classic example of how being innovative lead to huge success is the story of a man working for a computer firm .
This company had been specialised on the production of huge computers for a long time .
This employee had the idea to build portable computers ( i.e. laptops ) .
However , his idea was rejected by his boss .
As a consequence , the employee resigned from his job and set up a company who built laptops .
As we know today , his idea had been a huge success - and the company still suffers from being reluctant to adopt to this change .

Critics on the other hand may say that there is no recipe to success .
Just being bold and trying new things does not necessarily guarantee a successful outcome .
Also , moving too far away from ones 's initial area of studies means that a lot of time must be invested in learning new techniques and theories , as many field require a substantial background knowledge in order to work in them .
This , indeed , is a valid argument .
However , as mentioned previously the attitude of people who are prepared to take risks is much more likely to lead to an outstanding discovery .

Clearly , there is no guarantee for success , but as the previous examples have illustrated , only people who are willing to take risks and search for the unexplored are likely way to become very successful .
The youth of today has forgotten its responsibility towards its community .
While there are young people who are willing to help their communities , we see that the number of such people is rapidly declining .
There are many reasons behind these actions though not all of them are the fault fo today 's youth .

One reason that young people of today are less willing to give time to helping their communities is the increase in competition in our lives .
We see that there are many pressures on the youth of today to perform well in their lives , whether it is at jobs or in educational institutes as the competition for good job oppurtunities has greatly increased over the years .
Thus we see that young people generally prefer to spend a lot of time trying to improve their own value in the job market through extra courses and projects and , thus , have lesser amount of time to devote to helping out with their communities .
As we can observe there is a sharp decline in the number of people who are willing to participate in activities such as collection of clothing for the poor and recycling paper believing that they have other demands on their time .

Another important factor is that with the growth of mass media and communication technology we see that their are many entertainment establishments that are constantly trying to gain the attention of the young people of today and tend to distract them from their responsibilities .
For instance , consider a new cinema or bowling alley which has recently opened .
It will offer many enticing discounts in order to attract customers .
One can easily imagine how tempting his would be to the people .
A youth , given the fact that this is a short-term offer would generally choose to postpone any community service that he or she had planned to avail this offer .

When choosing between volunteering at an old-age home and watching the latest movie at one-third the cost most people would choose to go to the movie .
However , as the number of entertainment centres grow , these enticements also grow distracting the youth from their obligations to their community .

Furthermore , we see that in many countries corruption and lawlessness are so abound among the upper reaches of the administration that the youth get frustrated in their efforts to help with their community .
Hence , we see that many young people are demoralized and decide to pursue only their own personel interests than to attempt to help the community .
For example , students who take up an enviromental initiative to plant more trees , may find that the plot where they had planted the trees has been sold for construction of an office building .
In order to get the youth of today interested in their communities there is an active need for the administrators of the company to provide them with support and encouragement .

In conclusion we see that the youth of today has become more frivilous about its responsibilities and does tend to ignore its duties .
However , there are various factors which have led to this behaviour among the young people .
We should not condemn their actions without fully appreciating the enviroment in which they live .
I strongly disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I maintain this stance on this issue since I have various examples that prove that young people give the same , if not more , time to help their communities .

Firstly , I would like to draw attention to a recent happening in India .
The government was on the verge of passing a bill in the parliament that ensured a reservation for the so called `` lower casts '' in esteemed institutions of higher studies .
There was a hue and cry from all sections of the society but no one actually stepped forward to oppose this move of the government .
Looking at the views of the majority of the society ( which included minorities ) that reservations divide people , the students of AIIMS ( a reputed medical college in New Delhi ) joined hands to oppose this `` socially detrimental '' step .
Later , this movement culminated into a nation wide student rally that had positive effects with the government finally relenting .
The point is that these days the younger generation is more aware of its rights and has a keener sense of what is right and what is wrong than the younger generation ofthe past .

Secondly , there was a case where some students from the Indian Institutes of Technology who despite having an assured future in the technological fields , shunned their highly paid jobs only to lay the foundations of a political party aimed at the elimination of corruption from the society in India .
Do such cases show that the younger generation do not care for their communities ?
Conversely , do they not show an extreme love towards their community ?
I say they surely do .

Besides all these specific cases I have one example from my own life where the children of our city joined hands to prevent the pollution of natural resources .
All these children abstain from using motor bikes ( preferring cycles ) and refrain from celebrating Indian festivals with crackers since they pollute a lot .
They are also involved in spreading an awareness program to protect the lakes of our city ( Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh .
India ) .
uch acts depict that the younger generation is mature enough to think and feel for the community .

If we look around , we have various instances all over the world where the younger generation has really overtaken the ` adult ' world in trying to improve our communities .
From spreading awareness against diseases to providing free tuition classes and community services in free for all schools , the younger generation has really opened its eyes and is surely aiming at making the earth a better `` community '' to live in .
Presently , I witness every day that the Number of Cars on the roads have increased day by day , reason being the increase purchasing power of the common man .
Nowerdays , owning a car has become a necessity from a luxury as it was in olden days .
but this increase in cars have raised our concern regarding our future generations .
it is very unlikely that 20 years down the lane from now , we will witness fewer cars in use .
but taking the truth into consideration that non-renewable resources are getting extuinguish , i think that the use of cars will definitly will decrease if not in 20 years but surely after that .

the main reason for this will be decline in the reserve of petroleum on the earth .
for example if there will be no petrol or deseil then how will the car run .
the other possible reason could be the increase in use of public transport by the people .
basically , this is a step towards conservation of resources and sustainable development ofv the nations .
for example in delhi recently , Metro Rails have been inroduced by the government .
and many cpmmuters have now opted for metros than the cars in order to avoid traffic jams and it is laos less time consuming .
delhi being the 2nd most polluted city in the world , it was observed that most of the pollution is caused by cars .
now people prefer puublic transports and use their cars only for family outings .

the people now realise that more cars on the roads will lead to lot of traffic jams and time wastage and hence they 'll be late for their work in the morning causing lot of mental stress to them .
thus in my point of view the use of cars running on petrol and desiel will decrease but there will be no effect on the number of cars running on Battery such as Reva .
science has developed so much that it is inventing such cars .
but very few people have opted for it because of it maintenace .
this is the prediction about India .
but in other courtries around the world the car has become a luxury to some extent as people rely on the public transport the most in order to save their time and money .

this stage is yet to come in India but it has started .
Thus , i firmly believe that i 'll witness less use of Cars in the 20 years from now .
it is the basic tendency or nature of all human beings to explore things around them .
although the amount a person explore things and take risk may vary from person to person as it depends on the opportunity and situation of a person .
i strongly agree with the statement that successful people try out new things and take rsiks more frequently than doing what they already learned .
i feel this way due to several reasons .

i think , successful people have more resourses like capital , labour etc. to experiment with new things .
thay do not have the fear to loose .
plenty of resources encourage them to explore things more .
for instance , a famous businessman Mr. Anil Ambani , who is among the most affluent people of india , is frequently engaged in investing huge amount of capital in bringing new stratigies , products and ideas to the market .
i think that as he has enough money to experiment , he is ready to bear the risks involved in it .
eventhough if he looses even a part of it , will not make a big difference in him .
thus in my opinion , more resources means more opportunity to experiment and bear the risk .

furthermore , i believe that successful people are more intelligent and hard working .
they are successful as others have valued them for the hard work and intelligence .
so they can utilize their knowledge in a more constructive way .
they can apply knowledge wisely and reduce the amount of risk involved in it .
in this way such people can explore more things without loosing much .

i also believe in an adage that `` necessity is the mother of invention '' . many times it is found that a person discover things due to their need .
like the primitive men invented fire .
hence some successful people may try to discover thing which they need .
in additon to this , they believe less in doing the things they have already learned , as they will not be able to bring anything new to their country .

in the nutshell , the successful people experiment more as they have more knowledge and resouces to minimize the risk involved in carryout any work .
The issue stated by the topic is whether the students need to understand the ideas and concepts rather than learnin the facts alone .
This is a very important issue because it is related to the students and the application of the knowledge they have gained in their schools .
I completely agree with the statement because of various reasons .

Firstly i feel that understanding the ideas and concepts is better option because the student will be able to judge by himself whether the facts are true or not instead of asking the student to blindly follow the facts which may create confusion in them .

Secondly by getting familiar with the ideas and concepts .
the student will better understand the outcomes of them and inturn will be able to apply them correctly .
For example if the student understand the concept of gravity thorougly rather than just knowing that all the objects throw up will come down , the student is more convinced and be careful with the objects he is handeling .

Another point why i feel that understanding the ideas and concepts is the right option for students is because they can retain the facts for longer period of time .
For example if students understand how the facts have obtained instead of just what are the facts they can always apply the concepts and get facts .
But if they learn only facts then if they forget them it will be difficult to remember .

Lastly schooling is never complete if the student comes out of the educational institution with just gaining knowledge of the thing , that is just knowin facts .
If the students are not able to appy them in their daily life then there wont be any meaning for the knowledge they gained .

In conclusion i believe that student should understand the ideas and concepts thorougly thaught in their schools and not just merely learn the facts inorder to fulfil their education and inturn to evolve as a complete human being and be usefulto the society when they come out .
I do not agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Still , I have to clarify from the start that I do not believe either that older people enjoy life more than younger people do .
In my opinion , this is just a statement too general .
It always depends on the respective living conditions and on external factors such as the family situation , the region in the world one lives in , personal health etc .
Moreover , there are numerous young people that are depressive and do not know what to to with their lifes because of missing perspectives due to high unemployment rates or bad social conditions , while many older people enjoy their lifes because they have already accomplished something and they can look at things more relaxed .
However , others would state that it must be the other way round and would expect most older and elderly people to suffer from diseases , loneliness and the feeling of being abandoned by society while they would claim young people to be full of happiness and energy because everything is still possible for them .

Besides the controversy of this statement , I would say that in general it can be easier to enjoy life when you are older , only with regard to the financial situation .
I assume that it is often the case that you have more time to travel and do the things you would enjoy most while you are young , but you simply do not have the money .
Likewise , many retired people fulfill their dreams when they are old because it is only then that they have both the time and the money to do what pleases them .
In addition , also working people are able to lead a better life than the young because they are independent and can choose how to spend their money according to their wishes .
Consequently , one could also imply that older people enjoy their life more because they have waited to do so all their life and are only now able to appreciate their exclusive situation , while young people do not reflect as much about what they are actually doing and experiencing .

Still , it might be exactly this characteristic that makes life easier and more enjoyful and fun for young people .
Their life is not as complex and restricted as that of older people who have certain responsibilities and duties to think of first .
Younger people are free to do what comes on their mind and do not have to think about possible implications immediately as they do not have as many posessions and belongings as older people .
One has to keep this freedom in mind if one discusses the above statement .

In summary , it is not an easy question to answer whether old or either young people are leading a happier life .
However , I think one should try to make the best of life - at every age .
When walking on an early night through the streets of any bigger city in european countrys ( especially on weekends ) , you will notice laughing groups of adolescents having a nice time wich each other .
When you think on old people enjoing live , you might think on grandpa sitting in a wheelchair while reading a book , a more comfortable way of enjoying .
But in my oppinion , the younger people are capable of enyoing live much more , due to several reasons .
They dont have so much restrictions on behavior by the society , they expierience much easier new things and they have the better health do to what they want .

At first young people have muss less expectiations by the society about how they should behave .
When a old woman is seen by relatives while she is drunken or she missbehave in other ways , she will do hard by explaining her behavior , because of her experience she should already know how to behave .
In contrast to that , young people are much more free to do what they want , and nobody is blaming them , because everybody should enyoy his or her youth .

Second , first experiences are always those with the greatest impact .
Somebody who , experieriences something , like kissing , for the first time , will enjoy that in most cases much more than the next times he will do the same .
Because of the fact that older people have made a lot of expieriences in their life already , its hard to find something new .
The first things are further these we remember best , because we like them most .

Furthermore , young people do n't have normally any problem with health .
While older people often suffer on several deseases , younger people can live without having to fear anything striking them down in the near future .
An old man may not be able to dance the whole night , simply because his unhealthy heart wouldnt let him .

Of course older people can enjoy life too , and sure they doo .
They have often more free time , and more money than younger people to do the things they like .
Often older people like to travel around , to find the new expiriences mentioned above .
But in conclusion , life is more interesting and enjoyable for young people , because they have to fear less , and fear is the direct contrast to joy .
They are more free , and expierience new things much more easily .
I do not agree with the statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
I believe that the amount of cars in the future will be the same if not larger than in the present day .

By analyzing the past and comparing it to the present one can notice the increase of growth in car manufacturing .
As time goes by more and more car agencies are being created throughout the world , therefore more cars are being made .
There are many types of brands of cars that exist today such as Jaguar , BMW , Daewood , and others which did not exist 30 years ago .
Therefore i believe new agencies will keep surging and the increase in car manufacturing and making will continue in the future .

Also by looking at the population growth in the world and taking into consideration that cars are the number one use of transportation throughout the world , shows that it 's demanding will always be present .
The greater the population , the larger the amount of cars that will be needed , and if the world 's population continues to increase then so will the amount of cars .

In the present day cars are the most popular mean of transportation for the majority of the people around the world , and until this popularity is taken or replaced by any other mean of transportation , cars will continue to be the greatest demand for people and therefore more will be purchased .

Overall I think that in the future the amount of cars will either stay constant as the present day or will be greater due to the continued emerging of companies which make cars , the population growth , and the poularity of cars .
The demand for cars around the world is too high nowadays to predict that there will be fewer ones in the future .
In my point of view , to travel in a group led by a tour guide has two main advantages :

- First , traveling as a group one has the opportunity to easily meet new people which I consider as part of the fun to travel .
The experience that is shared combined with the proximity in which are kept the members of a traveling group will render the exchanges really easy among them .

- Second , when one travels , by definition , he does not know what to see nor do in the place visited .
A lot of people find it more convinient to take a tour guide rather than gathering this information from other sources such as internet or travel books .
The tour guide is generaly a local that , according to his experience , knows depending on the amount of time his group has , which sites will interet it the most .

Although those two arguments can be true , I disagree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

Even though it is of course more easy to meet people within a group you are traveling with , the interest of traveling is to discover the culture of the places visited .
The best way to achive this is to travel alone and therefore be motivated to go and meet local people .
Those personal exchanges teach a lot about a local culture and can create long lasting links between people .

Also following a tour guide has more inconvinients than advantages .
First , you can not choose what you want to see , this choice being taken by the tour guide .
With the information now available there is multiple cheap sources that can let you decide what to see and do .
Second , unfortunatly , even more in some foreign countries , the tourists are only considered as a possible source of money .
Therefore , very often the guide will be partly paid by local buildings , shops , restaurants , ...
to make you come to their place although they are of minor interest .

In conclusion , I would recommand to travel alone without a tour guide .
I disagree with this statement .
I rather think that there is no difference in intensity of enjoying life but in the way of expression due to biological causes of aging .

One might come to the conclusion that younger people enjoy life more because they are more socially visible at the beach , in dancing halls , outside doing sports , falling in love , engaging in modern trends and so on and so forth .
One might think , the world is open for them and warmly welcomes them in contrast to older people who are just sitting at home thinking about the past and only waiting for their end while the world 's door has been closed before them for ages already .
In a certain way , the first part is true .
Older people , with exceptions , simply are physically unable to do all the things younger people do and more often stay at home .
And , taking this fact into consideration , older people must care for their health more intensively to be able to take part in allday life which leads to the fact that they are recognised by society mostly in association with health care and nursing homes .
But this is only a matter of perception , and it will probably change in the future .

The given statement is not about the way of expressing the joy of life but rather about the individual experience of joy .
Older people simply do other things than younger ones to make their life enjoyable .
Even if their toughts might go back to the past most of the time it would be just normal since they have witnessed and experienced more things than younger people .
And , of course , to examine and assess today 's events one mostly compares them with things that one has witnessed in the past .
But apart from that , older people , for instance my own grandmother who was a children doctor throughout her life , now travels around the world at the age of over 77 , goes to classic music concerts and meets her friends .
And she is still very capable both mentally and intellectually .

In conclusion , I think that it is merely a matter of perception .
And since Western industrialised societies are getting older and older in terms of their population this quite popular statement will be heard less and less , on the one side since there are simply more older people and , secondly , because health care develops further inventing more and better medicaments and therapies etc .
Hence more and more older people can still take part in the outside social life which nowadays may be seen as reserved exclusively for the younger ones .
Globalisation means opening up of the domestic market to the outside world .
There has been development in all the areas and the situation is entirely different than it used to be twenty years back and therefore , i dont agree to the statement that , in next couple of years there will be lesser cars than they are now .

The world as a whole has been developing very fast .
There has been new discoveries , technologies , cost effective methods are being employed to increase production by reducing cost expenses .
New cars have been coming in .
Some years back , only few models of General Motor ( GM ) could be seen on roads but now the situation is different .

Competition has resulted in a slew of cars .
New companies are coming in the market and with their cost effective models , are luring the customers .
This kind of competition will continue to occur .
Consumer demand is also increasing .
People are becoming richer and richer , countries are flourishing and thereby affecting the demand .
Since the choice of car selection has become wide individuals from various walks of life are able to afford it within their budget .

Attitudes of people has also changed .
They now want to spend their life comfortably .
Since cars are a luxury commodity they dont mind to invest in it .
Unlike the people in the past who were merely interested in saving and were conservative , the new generation loves to face challenges .
They have become more pompous , also competition among the colleagues is the reason for such a lavish lifestyle .
Everybody wants to spent more money than his neighbour .
And this trend is going to continue in the future as well .

Nowadays , people have become so busy , for them time has become precious so in order to complete their work in time they always require an effective mode of transportation and nothing can be better than a car .

Hence , a redution in car use is a nightmare because people cant live without it .
It has become a neccesity for them .
There are certain areas that differs from each other according to how a student studying in those areas should respond to the needs of the area he or she studying in ..
Although some of them such as Mathematics require a student to learn facts , understanding ideas and concepts about an area or an issue is more important .

One of the reasons that can be given to the statement that understanding is more important than learning facts is ability to apply what a student learn practically .
For example , I am studying pyscoholgy and it is not enough for me just to learn the facts about certain things .
As I want to be a pyscologist in the future I need to apply what I learn and I need to solve my patient 's problems .
This certtainly requires to understand ideas and concepts of what I study .

The other reason is that a person can be more creative and do well on their exams when she understand the ideas and concepts .
Rather than accepting the fact after learning it , students can discuss the concepts and even improve the ideas that they understant .
In my department I have a frind whose conception of studying is totaly different from me .
While I always try to learn the main facts and concentrate on them , she focuses on concepts and just tries to understantds ideas .
What I observed recently is she is doing better than me in exams and this lead me to become a conclusion that since I only focus on learning facts , it makes me limited to them and I can not answer or respond to anything practically .
What is more is she is more creative than me in producing solutions to practical problems of some patients that we study as an exercise in a hospital .

To conclude , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts instead of learning facts .
That is the way I want to change myself towards also .
I agree with this statement based on my experience of traveling .
First of all if you contract a guide you can be sure that you are hiring an expert in what you are a complete ignorant and therefore he will do it , for sure , twice as good as you .

To begin with a very good reason of choosing a guide we can say that it will be cheaper because he knows the place and cost of the attractions and in case you want to see a show that is held in two different establishments at the same time he could recommend you the cheaper , furthermore the decrease in other expenses like lodging , food , etc. will surely yield that the money you are wasting in your tourist guide will be less than the money you are saving .

Other important reason is that you wo n't get lost , for example , once when I visited Barcelona I did n't want to get a guide because we only had a few hours to stay in the town , my surprise was when we almost lost half of the time looking for a monument instead of taking advantage of the amazing harbor or other events there .

The last advantage of having this person in a tourist group is that he knows the city and he will warn you of certain dangerous zones of the city or disabled roads , a personal reference of this reason has happen to me a year ago when my family and I went for vacations in Seattle , we were walking in downtown without a guide and admiring the amazing skyscrapers of the city when suddenly we realized that it was getting dark , and of course we did n't know that that zone inthe night is a little creepy ( of course , no map warns you about that ) and when we decided to go back to the car we were in the middle of hundreds of welfare people begging for money , fortunately no disasters happened to us but it was a lesson that I will never forget .

My conclusion would be that a guide is best investment you can make in a tour
Nowadays , whether young people enjoy life more than older people do is a prevalent topic which has been widly debated .
Two different views exist to support or oppose .
After considering several aspects , I do agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more .

First of all , yong people have a strong study ability to learn new things around them .
For example , computer is a new technology product in nowadays , young people prefer to go on line for fun , buying things on internet and making friends on it .
Because they think it may save a lot of time and money .
However , the oler people may prefer to live in a traditional way , since they do n't want to change their life style after living under the same one for ten or twenty years .
That 's why they do n't want to taste the new things , though they are good .

Second , young people have much more energy than older people have .
The young people may often go to climb mountains and make a hike with their friends to see the beautiful flowers , blue sky and green sea .
And after a long walk or traveling , they may recover quickly and go on with another adventure .
By contrast , the older people do n't have this advantage .
Since they are old , their phisycial condition is not as well as used to be .
They can just stay at home to watch TV or have fun near where they live .
Therefore , older people 's life is limited .

Last but not least , the young people are much more creative .
When they see something new or interesting , they may think of a lot of question related , such as why it is so cute or how they make it .
After considering about these questiones , they may go to liberay and disscus with the friends for more details , and then they will try to improve it , create a better one .
The young people enjoy thinking new things .
But the older people may not be so active , because they have a lot of experiences .
They may judge things according to their experience and compare the question with the situation that they familiar with .
Therefoer , we can always hear that old people complained about the boring life .

From what have been talked above , we may safely draw a conclusion that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
If people are asked , in an survey for example , who enjoys life more , younger or older people , one is likely to answer spontaneously in favour for the younger ones .
This tendency might have its roots in the wide-spread oberservation which can be made in the today 's society .

But is this assumption right ?
Do younger people really enjoy life more than the older generation does ?
It is true there are a lot of offers especially for younger people to create their free time .
There are clubs and bars in every city where an older person would not really fit in .
Besides there are also a lot of new sports activities which are especially developed and introduced for the generation under 50 .
You can hardly imagine a senior standing on waterskis or making a bungee jump , can you ?

But can therefore be concluded that the younger people enjoy their life more ?
Personally I do not think so .
There is also a great number of leisure offers for older people that are really not less amusing at all than these for the younger ones .
For example you can find dancing events for seniors nearly everywhere .
As the health system has improved extremely the last decades the older people are more healthy and fit than in former times .
Thus they are able to exercise a lot of sport despite their age .
And they really do .
The number of older members in sports clubs or gyms has increased enormously .

Older people also have other great advantages compared to the younger ones .
Normally they have more money and more time .
Most of them earned money during their lifetime which they now want to spend for their fun .
Young people , on the opposite , often still study or earn not really a lot of money at the beginning of their job .
That 's the reason why they often cannot benefit from the rich offers .

Furthermore a lot of older people have already retired and now enjoy their new freedom and `` endless '' time .
Finally I think the mentality of older people has changed .
They are not longer thinking that only hard work can make them happy .
They also want to enjoy the `` evening '' of their life .

As a conclusion I want to point out that in my opinion older people enjoy their life toexactly the same extent as younger ones do .
I agree that it is more important for students to understand abstract ideas and concepts , because their college education should give them a sound base of knowledge and not a mass of unrelated facts .

Most students want to work at a company after they graduate .
If they had only learned facts in college there is the possibilty that they wo n't need most of these facts .
The college can not teach all of the diverse facts that are needed for a student to be an efficient worker .
It would be better for him to learn concepts in college and learn many facts later , when he needs them for his work .
So , when you study electronics , and you learned every fact about building personal computers , and later came to a factory that builds car computers , most of the facts you learned may be useless , but the concepts of creating a computer in general may come in very handy .

Furthermore students who know the concepts and ideas can connect and thus better understand all the facts they may learn later on because they know how everything is related .
For example , if a student with business major only learned facts about , say , Germany , and not the concept that stands behind those facts , he might never be able to fully understand them , or to see that facts he learned about Brazil can be compared to them .

Another argument is that facts can be easily accessed through a book or even the internet just at the time they are needed .
It would take much more time or even be impossible , to `` understand '' an concept just when needed .
The student probably would n't even know which concept ist needed , because he would not be able to see the larger picture .
For example , if a biology student in America has the task to build a fish tank with exotic fish , and he had learned what `` normal '' fish need , and how a fish tank works in college , he could just look up the differences between exotic and `` normal '' fish on the internet , or ask a colleague .
If , on the other hand , he had no clue about the complex workings in a fishtank , he might not be able to complete his task at all .

Of course studying human anatomy or history may require more learning of facts than other sciences , like mathematics .
But I think that the advantages of learning concepts and ideas much overweight the advantages of learning facts in general .
On the one hand , young people are typically physically stronger than older people , which allows them to live more things .
The discovery of sexuality is also a wonderful source of energy that makes you follow any kind of impulsion life gives you .
But when you get old , as your health starts to decline you worry about it and you might lose some appetite in life .
The risk is then to resign , to get the sensation that you have lived everything , and slowly start to lose praise on the world , the course of the events , which will make you appear to yourself as a stranger to the rest of the world , an old man thus thinking that , logically , `` it was better before '' .

But you might also have overcome the problems due to your inadaptation to life when you are young .
Discovering sexuality confronts you to the rest of the world at once , you feel it is a breath of toxic air coming into you , making you fear of losing everything you have just started to discover , at every moment .
You see that you are in a hostile environment , and that does not precisely attract you .
You realize that enjoying life is a big problem that can unfortunately not be solved by clapping your hands , and that happiness is a dream that is flying away .
As you grow up you get to know some traps ( those which prevent you from living your life as you desire , as you want to enjoy it ) , for having fallen sometimes , and you are able to avoid most of them .

I think that young people enjoy life differently than old people : for the first ones it is the run for what is escaping that keeps them alive .
Finally when you catch it , or realize it has come too far for you , you enjoy the peace around the world you created for yourself when growing up
Frankly , as long as we will not develop little spaceships to fly around - which I do n't see happening within the next twenty years - I do n't think there will be fewer cars on this earth ever again .

It is a proven fact that the amount of cars we use , and most of all the emissions those cars cause impose a big threat to our environment .
And although there is a lot of misperception today I am sure that there will be a much higher concern about environmental issues in twenty years .
But this is , what will mainly happen in industrial states .

We should not forget about the devoloping countries that start to take off now .
I personally hope that they will manage to thrive further on , and increase their economical potential as well as living standards .
But this usually implies a technological advance .
People in India , China and eventually Africa will need to get to work , will want to travel and will demand cars .
Lots of them .
Even if they do not reach western standards , where it is normal to keep a couple of cars per household , their mere number of inhabitants will boost car demand .

I do think though , that in twenty years there will be a difference in how cars work .
I am sure that environmental concerns will be high , that people will have seen the importance to get independend from fossile fuels , and that cars will be developed that need less energy and additionally run on electricity , solar batteries , hydrogen , water , biological waste - or some new idea .
They will be cleaner , more efficient and probably even run silently .
There might also be an attempt to foster alternative means of transportation , like public means , bikes or trains .
But this developement I rather see in industrial states .

To put things in a nutshell , I think that in industrial states there will be less as well as cleaner cars .
While developing states catch up there will be a much higher demand for cars , and also the necessary wealth to purchase them .
This , I think , leaves us with an equal or rather higher amount of cars in twenty years , than we have today .

I do hope though , that there will be better and cleaner cars on the market than the ones we use today .
And I also hope that people in todays developing countries will be able to move along and start with the new technologies , and are not turning into a huge graveyard for our old , polluting cars .
Cars can be found easily in the world nowadays .
The first thing that Korean college students usually buy these days are cars .
Because the world is becoming more globalized and mobilized , some people believe that in the near future as near as in twenty years , there will be more cars than there are right now .
However , I strongly disagree with that opinion for two reasons ; firstly because the air pollution problem in earth is too critical , and secondly , people will make inventions that will replace cars in the future .

First of all , Cars will be fewer in twenty years because it generates too much air pollution .
Because of cars , the air consists carbon-dixoided too much .
This phenomenon is causing the world to destruction .
Global-warming is becoming a more of a reality because of cars .
The UN and many other associations are stressing with this problem and they are finding a way to stop air pollutions .
Thus , because cars are one of the highest priorities of causing air pollution , they will be decreased in the near future .

Secondly , Many inventions are now being made to replace cars .
Technology is advancing in a very frightining speed and in this rate , people may be able to use other vehicles as their primary transportation .
Also , public transportations like subways and trains that run by fuel other than fossil fuel are being constructed rapidly everywhere .
Even right now people in Korea are considering that public transportations are better than cars in various ways ; economical , social , political and etc .
By this rate , in twenty years there wo n't be a place that is impossible to go to by public transportation .

In conclusion , In two decades there will be fewer cars in use than right now because firstly , air pollution problem has become something so critical that cars may eventually disappear slowly in the future , and secondly , considering the technological advancement rate as an evidence , inventions in the future and public transportation will replace the role of cars .
Nowadays , hybrid cars that use hydrogen and electricity are being manufactured .
However , studies have shown that this method is very negative economically because when the hydrogens that will be used for fuel are divided from other parts that consist H2O ( water ) , it uses up up to 4 times the energy it later generates .
Solar power cars are also making no progress these days .
Its time to throw away whats now useless and invent new things that will bring a better way to mankinds lives .
Advertisements , which are important in selling products , make products seem better than they are in order to make it more appealing to consumers .
Advertisers use many tricks and even false information to make the products seem better .
Advertisements use aspects that appeal to people 's senses , such as the way the product looks , smells , or feels .

Most advertisements use vivid imagery to attract attention .
Advertisers enhance the appearance of the product by different effects such as lighting or coloring .
Commericials for food products sometimes do not use the real product , but a imitation that is made unrealisitically .
For instance , when advertising a hamburger , advertisers might use a bigger or a more fresh looking imitation of the hamburger .
When a person actually goes to buy the product , they will notice a significant difference in the real product in comparison to the product shown in the commericial .

Also , many advertisements use claims that are usually false .
The advertisement might imply that the product makes a person looks more beautiful or has the power to make someone smarter .
A commercial for perfume might imply that the person using the product gains more attention from people .
However , these claims are highly exaggerated to make the product popular among customers .

Advertisers use people 's weakness to appeal to them .
For example , an advertisement commericializing a product that can lead to weight loss might show someone who is obese so that the consumer can relate to the advertisement and be convinced into buying the product .
It is important for the consumer to question the product objectively .

In conclusion , by different effects and methods , advertisements enhance the quality of the product , making it seem better than it actually is .
This is to strengthen the purpose of the advertisements , which is to sell the product to many people .
Learning should be based on ideas and concepts

Mastering the ideas and concepts are essential part of learning .
I completely believe that ideas and concepts is much more important for the students than just focusing on the facts .
There are several reasons for this .

First of all , understanding the ideas provides a stimulus to the brain and helps positive thinking , learning and mastering of the subject .
With the concept being understood , one can apply these ideas to any similar situation .
It is much easier to connect one idea to another and build a logical conclusion about a subject or theory .

Secondly , understanding the facts also needs some ideas to fully grasp the knowledge of the subject .
Without any idea or logical stream of thought behind , it will be very difficult even to understand why a fact actually happened .
Focusing only on the fact and not looking at the underlying concept is like building something without a solid foundation .

Understanding the concept behind a particular theory also allows to deal with unexpected situations in a better way .
For example , if somebody know the concept behind a mathematical theory , one can easliy solve any problem without memorizing the contents or facts of the problem .
Similarly understanding concepts of physics allows a person to apply the same principals to a variety of situations and provide useful explanations .

Understanding the ideas & concepts also promotes further learning .
It is easier to teach a subject to others if one has mastered the ideas and concepts behind it .

Lastly , understanding the ideas and concepts helps the development of the subject itself .
With the concepts fully understood , one can then build more useful ideas over them .
These ideas then become part of the subject or theory itself and make the application of the theory to real life more useful .
I concede with the point of view , that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree , that students have to learn a lot of hard facts to gain a substantial basis of knowledge .
With this gained `` ground-knowledge '' they are able to work in their specific community or surrounding .
Every science has its specific speech and skills that are known by everyone in that community .

But to be able to cope with tasks , that students will be faced in their professional and private life , it is important , that they do understand the idea that are behind the facts .

To point it out , knowledge by hard and learned facts is not sustainable , because you can forget parts of the facts .
In this case the student is not able any more to overview the whole issue .
That means , a student who understands the ideas and concepts behind the facts is able to cope with new tasks , that will emerge .
The student is more prepared if he can adopt the ideas and concepts .
With the ideas he can create new solutions .

In addition it is much easier to forget facts rather than ideas and concepts .
To understand means , that a student is more open to new issues , than a student who can just recall his learned facts .
Also the time , that is spent by students to learn the facts by hard is less effective than to learn the concept .
To understand means also to gain tacit knowledge , that is in your hard and not codified .
Facts are codified , for instance in books or standards .
But if a student understand the ideas and concepts , he is able to gain tacit knowledge , that is just owned by him and singular .

In conclusion it is more effective to understand the concepts behind the facts , because it makes a student better prepared for situations that suddenly occur .
In mz opinion it is really important to be prepared to handle with siisues , that are nor commonly known and therefor the best a student can do is to achieve the knowledge how to do something .
I am c
New advertisment is focused on appearance and not on quality

I believe that most advertisement is focused on create a cool image about a certain products .
Therefore , all these products are useless and will not satisfy consumers preferences .

First , companies are more interested to waste money on advertisement rather than on research and development ( R & D ) .
Consumers will prefer to have a more functional item rather than an item that is useless and expensive .
For example , few weeks ago I bought an Ipod and I was not sure to buy it because Mac has invested a huge amount of money and I heard some complaint about Ipod 's functionality .
Anyway , I bought an Ipod on Friday and just after two days from this day I accidentally drop it and my Ipod became useless .

Second , advertisement is always deep empty and it is aimed to show off a certain product .
Most of the people get surprised by a nice looking item and its advertisement , but I do not .
I take into account as a consumer the focus group that a certain item is aimed to .
And if I do not feel close to the idea of the advertisement , I will not consider to buy it .

Third , advertisement is aimed to hide qualities characteristics in order to cheat consumers .
I believe that a good quality product does not need any advertisement .
As an example , my oldest brother has bought a Bang & Olufsen Stereo and I have not heard of that brand of stereos before .
I did some research by internet about this brand and I got surprised because it is known that Bang & Olufsen is the best world wide brand for stereos .
Once again , advertisement always told me that Sony was the best brand world wide , but it is not if a consumer is looking for quality .

In conclusion , advertisement maybe guarantees a cooler product by its general consent , but not an effective one .
Advertisement is for not intelligent people and it always try to hide deficiencies on products .
Taking risks and trying new things are important factors in order to be successful .
However , it is equally important to be sensible at the same time in order to achieve something .

One the one hand , only people who are willing to try something new and to take risks can stand out and do better than their competitors .
It is neccessary for people who want to have success to believe in their ideas and to be self-confident .
A person that never dares something will most probably not be very successful .
Today , innovation is very important but always connected to a certain risk as well .
E.g. launching a new product can fail completely , costing a lot of money and it might even lead to a company 's bankrupcy .
However , if it is successful , the profit of the innovation is usually higher than the profit of products that have been established on the market for a long time .
Only companies that come up with innovations regularly are competitive and able to maintain thier market share .

One the other hand , people who do not know when to stop often risk a lot .
If the risk is to high , it is better not to take it .
To my mind , it is sometimes better to stand still than to risk losing everything .
If something is not very likely to be successful , it is a very important characteristic of a person in a high position to decide against it .
Furthermore , it is not always neccessary to do new things if the `` old ones '' work well .

In conclusion , I agree that people trying new things and daring things are often more successful because one can only stand out in today 's society by differentiating from the others .
This is very important since success is defined by doing better than the average .
Nevertheless , I believe that it is very important to know , when something is too risky .
Only people who balances these to factors well will be really successful .
Nowadays , our society provides us with a new kind of difficulty : we always have to evaluate the pros and the cons of what we are going to do in order to keep our job or our husband or wife .
Consequently , we can observe two behaviours in the population : some of us keep on trying new things and taking risks to reach the success .
Others prefer doing what they already know to do well .

We are going to see whether a solution is better than the other one or not .

First of all , when you only keep on doing what you already know how to do well , you never discover new activities and thus , you do n't try things that you could however enjoy .
To illustrate my point , I can explain my own experience : I have always played rugby during my childhood , and I reached quite a good level .
Nevertheless , 2 years ago , I realised that I had never tried to practice another sport and that 's why I decided to become a triathlet .
Although at the beginning I found it hard to swim during many kilometers , I can claim now that really enjoy this new sport and that it allowed me to discover a new , more individual activity .
Thus , I could live a new kind of success .

Secondly , when you are working on a project , two solutions are available .
The first one depends on your own knowledges , and ask you to avoid any kind of risk .
In that way , you will perhaps be able to keep your job during a long time .
But is that the only thing you can hope during your entire life ?
I would rather say no .
It 's obvious that one day , you will want to have more responsabilities .
And the way to that success is to try new things and to take risks .

To put these ideas in a nutshell , I would rather say that I agree with the statement .
Nonetheless , perhaps that 's the best solution is somewhere between these two extremes .
The communitiy gives an environment that helps us to learn , grow and progress in life .
Therefore helping the community is an important responsibility of every citizen .
However , we freqeuntly find young people of the current generation not giving enough time for the benefit of the community on account of varied reasons such as lack of availability of time , lack of awareness , etc .
But , I feel that many young people do work for community service in some form .

Increased competition and complexity besiege the life and career of many young people of the current generation .
Young people are busy advancing their personal goals in life and seldom find time for community service .
Many-a-times lack of awareness about options available for community service in a area leads one to not give enough time for community service .
We find numerous examples of people of such kind .

However , to conclude that all young people do not give enough time to community service would not be appropriate .
There are several organizations like the `` Yuva '' in Mumbai which are channelizing the efforts of the young people interested in community service .
The number , membership and work of such organizations is growing .

Also , there a lot of young graduates these days who choose community service as a career option even when they have to accept lower salaries .
Increase satisfaction serves as their prime motivation .
Besides , especially in India , I see a lot of people choosing civil service option with an objective of serving the society .

Thus , we see a mixed trend in the dedication of the young people of the current generation to their communities .
On one hand , we find young people who are completely selfish and do not care about community , while on the other hand we find those that dedicate themselves for community service .
Most of the people stand some where in between .
On the whole , I find that the awareness about , interest in , and efforts towards community service are increasing .
Will there be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years time ?
To answer to this question and determine whether I agree or disagree with the statement in question , first we must consider how several aspects of the world in which we live are going to develop in the future .
Factors such as the world fertility rates , oil prices , development of poor nations , technological improvements and damage to the Earth , have to be taken into account .

We must consider how these various elements will change and interact over twenty years , affecting the numbers of cars in use .
It has been proved that world fertility rates are rising , specially in non developed countries .
This means that the world population will grow during the next twenty years .
Thus , probably , there will be a greater number of potential car buyers .
However , if large numbers of the world population remain poor , they will not have access to cars .

The development of poor nations could raise the standard of living of people which are now poor and cannot afford to buy a car .
This means that in the future , large segments of the population of countries such as India or China could be using cars .
However , this process is uncertain .

On the other hand , factors such as oil price increases or damage to the Earth may the cause the human being to focus on other possible ways of locomotion more cheap and enviromentally friendly .
Perhaps , in twenty years time cars will not exist any longer and we will be using other machines thanks to new technological advancements .

In my opinion , there is a great possibility that emerging nations such as China and India will one day increase their number of car owners .
The development of their economy is raising very rapidly the standard of living of their populations .
In addition , their fertility rates are high .
All this combines to make it very possible that they will have large numbers of car users in twenty years time .
I also believe that human beings will still rely on cars to travel in the long term ; despite the improvements in technology .

So , to conclude , I do not agree with the statement proposed .
The quality of successful people is usually discussed .
Some say that they are more prone to be adventurers , trying new things and taking risks , rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
From my view , I totally agree with this for the following reasons .

Without trying new things , nothing can be created .
When we look back what the great people in the past like Albert Einstein does , they made a lot of imaginative assumptions , and finally he revealed the famous physics equation and the great theory of relativity .
All these discoveries have brought about many benefits to us since their establishments .

Beside theories and discoveries , all inventions we usually every day would not exist should the great scientists did not try new things and take risks .
Think about the richest person in the world , Bill Gate .
he designed a software that our lives greatly rely upon it - Windows .
Without the ventures and new ideas , our world is just the same compared to our ancestors ' .

Not only scientists but many successful political leaders have this quality .
For instance , the first American president , George Washington , taking the risk to be arrested or even killed , led people to overthrow the colonial rule .
Others include the drafters of new ideologies like democracy and fair world trade .
They dared to introduce and more importantly , to implement them .
All these bring about significant impacts today , even they might live thousand years ago .

Another reason supporting the statement is their faith to success .
Their desire to find new things is a strong motivation for their work .
If people do not try new things , they recognize all what he can do .
There will not be new impacts on their lives .
Consequently , they have less motivation to strive for success and are easily conceited with their past achievements .

On the other hand , imagine a very diligent but conservative person who does merely whatever he knows .
Eventually , he is just a master of the present knowledge .
He cannot move further and stays at whatever he is .
Without new things and ideas , it would turn out to a very boring world .
Every thing repeats as it used to be and there is no surprise at all .

Considering the above , we see that trying new things and taking risks are important attributes to successful people .
Humankind always need to purchase some products to reach good life standarts therefore products are very important and essential aspects of humanslife .
Everyone has a different point of views about the idea of advertisements .
Some people assume that advertisements do n't make products seem much better than they are .
In contrast , some believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I absolutely agree with the latter idea .
I will clarify the reasons behind my argument .

First of all , making products seem much better is directly related with the decoration of the most advertisements .
In the twenty-first century , people can adorn all the background of adverisements which can be definitely attractive for human beings .
For instance , while people watch the television , they can observe an advertisement about a food .
The producer of this advertisement can use too many people who eat that food in the advertisement , so spectators will be effected provided by people who mess up that meal .
Furthermore , people who observe this advertisement would like to taste that meal .

Secondly , the technology is totally related with the advertisements which make products seem much better .
Besides , the producer of the advertisement can even use some lights which indicates that people who watch this advertisement would like to buy the item shown by the producer as soon as possible .
For instance , advertisement creaters can only use twelve squares in an advertisement , however , if they attempt to use one more square in his advertisement , people who watch his advertisement would like to purchase the item shown by the producer .

The last but not least , some taste changes are totally related with the advertisements which make products seem much better .
In addition to this , while human beings watch the television , they can be effected by some meals shown in a channel .
For example , if people watch a soap opera in which an artist tastes a new drink , they are going to taste this product as much as possible .
Additionally , drinks can be made provided by some dangereous but tasteful aromas .
Moreoer , people tell the excellent taste of a product his friends , so it will be attractive for these people to taste this product .

In conclusion , as I said before , both the decoration of the most advertisements and the technology as well as some taste changes of products are absolutely related with the advertisements which make products seem much better than they really are .
The long and the short of it is that , the more advertisements producers will have the oppotunity to attract the people 's attention , the more people would like to buy the items shown in the advertisements .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
History is full of examples of those people who met their goals and realized their dreams by going beyond the ordinary and by taking risks .
To my mind , success and complacence do not go together .
One has to be continually motivated to seek new horizons in life to succeed .

An example of a person who took risks rather than doing what he already knew how to do well is Bill Gates , the chairman and founder of Microsoft .
He left a top ranking University to pursue his dreams of being an entrepreneur .
He could have stayed back and pursued a conventional career but his risk taking endeavours revolutionized the way the world works now .

Richard Branson is another successful business magnate who likes to take risks and try new things .
He learned to dream of the impossible at an early age and his business and life are glaring examples of a successful life , well lived .

Mahatma Gandhi was a lawyer in South Africa and could have stayed in that position his entire life but he decided to change the course of his destiny by being honest to himself .
He was deeply hurt by the colonial treatment and took the biggest risk of his life by dedicating himself to the cause of non violent freedom struggle .

The people who like doing what they already know how to do well will never have the opportunity to expand their horizons in life .
Most of the successful people I have known are the ones who take risks and try different things in their lives .
How can a business expand if they lmit their markets , how can a student get good grades if he is content with his lot , how can a country advance if it is closed to new ideas and change ?
Thus I agree with the above statement and think that successful people take risks and try new things because it is these two qualities that helped them attain success in the first place .
I agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Being in a group and visiting a new city that I do n't know much about with a tour guide will assure me that I will not leave this city that I am visiting for the first time without missing out on any of the important features .
For example , all the historical areas in the place , landmarks , important musiums , and famous art galleries or even nice restaurants .
The tour guide will also be very informative and educating .
They will be able to tell us about the history of each piece of art work that is found in a the famous art galleries and answer any question that might rise in my head or that I am curious about wich will make the trip more beneficial .

Additionally , Being led by a tour guide will help me in managing my time since all tour guides willl have a set or a planned schedule from the begining of the trip and until the last day in order for the visitors to get the most of their trip .
Along with that , the feeling of being part of a group will eliminate lazyness from some individuals as they will feel obligated to attend the tour everyday .
Another benefit to having a tour guide is minimizing the chance of getting lost espicially if it 's a new city that I am not familiar with .
I have heard about many stories of people getting lost in new cities that they are visiting for the first time while trying to get back to their hotels .

Lastly , being with a tour guide will help me save financially since I will have a designated bus with a driver that will aid me in traveling for one site to another without having to worry about the cost of renting taxies for every trip .
Some people agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Other people disagree with the statement .
Personally , I think that young people do enjoy life more than older people do for several reasons .
Young people have more strength , hope , and friends .

First of all , young people have more physical strength than older people do .
For example , young people can go swimming in summer , and go skiing in winter .
However , older people , such as people around eighty , cannot swim or ski anymore due to their physical strength .
Especially , sports like skiing are dangerous to them .
If they fall off , they might break their bones since they are not strong enough as they used to be .
Furthermore , young people can travel around and walk whole day long .
When young people go to other countries to travel , they can go to many places and enjoy the place as much as possible ; however , older people easily get tired and cannot move around as young people do .
They spend their time in hotel which is not very exciting .

In addition to having physical strength , young people have hope and dream toward their future .
For instance , young people study hard and try their best in order to achieve their dreams .
Even though they face some difficulties , they do not give up .
Young people have bright futures ; therefore , they put their effort into everything to create and change their futures .
On the other hand , older people cannot change their futures that much anymore .
They get up and eat and go to bed again .
Their daily life cycle would not change anymore .
Therefore , i think their life is much more boring than young people 's .

Lastly , young people have more chances to get to know many people , and they can make many friends who surely make their lives more exciting .
For example , when they go to school , there are many classmates , and when they go to company , there are many co-workers .
All the people they meet definitely have some influence on them .
When they have something happy , they can share their happiness to other people .
Furthermore , when they have some difficulty with anything , people around them might be able to help them .
Young people learn important things from people around them as they grow up .

It is clear that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
They know how to entertain themselves by having more strength .
They know how to create better lives with hope by working hard .
They are influenced and inspired by many friends and people around them .
Does young people enjoy life more than the older people do ?
The answer to this question , in my opinion , is `` NO '' .
The following three reasons supports my opinion .
Everyone in this world enjoys life the way he wants to depending on the available resources .
The young people are working full-time and have much more money in hand as compared to that of older people , who are living on old age pensions or working part-time for the little amount of money .
Moreover , as they are old they usually do not have good health and lots of their money is spent in hospital and medicine bills .
Therefore , old people have less enjoyment resources as compared to the young people .
We could find almost all younger people going to resturaunts , clubs and on holidays frequently and think that they are enjoying life .
On the other hand , older people might have also done the same when they were young and might not want to do same at this stage of life .
They might want to travel to a peaceful place like temple or church and spend some time there in peace , which they think they enjoys the most .

The second and most important point is the physical strength .
The older people have very less physical strength as compared to the energetic younger population .
Therefore , the older people want to stay at home and enjoy life with their family , which does not mean that they are not enjoying life but their means of enjoyment is different from that of the younger generation .

The younger generation actuall shows to their peers and others that this is the stage in their life and they should enjoy the most now and tend to show their peers that they are enjoying much more than them and we usually get the perception that young people are enjoying more than the older people .
For example if a twenty year old guy goes to the best and most expensive disco in town , he will be telling this to all of his friends to show his superiorness to his friends .

Therefore the difference is not who enjoys the life more , young or old people , but the difference is how both young and old people enjoy life .
Their preferences and means of enjoyment are different but both enjoy life equally .
Some people may think that the current usage in cars is not sustainable from an environmental reason .
However , I disagree to the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years time , based on increases in the world population and improvement in the quality of life among the developing countries .

First , the population of the world is growing on a continuous basis , and it is not sensible to assume that number of cars will not grow at least in a linear manner , simply because car is necessary for transportaion .
Facing necessity , the environmental issues need to be dealt elsewhere , not by decreasing the number of cars , but by replacing the cars with environmentally friendly fuels .
The current development in the area of batteries and solar energies seems promising .

Second , many third world and developing countires are growing rapidly .
15 years ago , car was owned by limited number of people in China .
Today , roads in big cities like Shanghai are congested with cars and you can barely move .
Buying cars is a current new trend in China among young people .
They have become able to purchase cars because their income basis has improved .
Countries in the Middle East and Russia are following the same situation .
Going forward , countries from Africa is expected to follow .

People have a necessity to transport , and once you obtain a certain level in your quality of life , it is extremely difficult to lower them .
I believe that the only possibility to have less cars in the future needs to come from a technological invention that replaces cars to other type of methods .
However , twenty years is a relatively foreseebale future , and the fact that we are not aware of any invention leads me to believe that cars will keep on increasing in the future .

Therefore , I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than today .
Todays world is very competitive , everyday there are new advances in many aspects of our lives that we need to keep pace with .
taking this fact into account , it is much more rewarding to have knowledge on many subjects than to know and specailize only one .

First of all , we live in a world that is exhibiting tremendous developments in many fields , in order to keep up with this rapid development , we need to further broaden our knowledge .
For example a doctor who knows alot about medicine , should also be familiar with other skills such as , dealing with the emotional aspects os the patient .
He also needs to have some knowledge about accounting and legal aspects to run his own private clinic .
In other words , he needs the specailized skills as a doctor , and the some general skills to know how to deal with some vital aspects .

Moreover , computer technology is one branch that has showed tremendous developments and has changed our lives in many ways , so a basic knowledge of the skills to use a computer is crucial to many people , no matter what thier field of study or interests are .
For example , a teacher in science class will get the information he/she needs from textbooks for his/her student .
However , learning how to use computer and to search the internet opens a teacher to a wide range of information that benefits both the teacher him/her students .
So a basic skill in computer is needed , besides the knowledge as a science teacher .

Furthermore , having a broad knowledge of alot a subjects opens us up to new worlds and show us what we really are .
To be more precise , someone who is an expert in geology might study art and literature .
and becomes more interested in museums , art galleries , and reading books .
This will open him up to intersting thing like travelling abroad to explore historical events and art in other countries .

In my opinion , it is crucial to have a wider range of information on many academic subjects .
It makes us more successful in our careers , it opens us up to new worlds , and show us our values and interests .
Many people spend their time in different ways .
Like chidren spent more time by playing as they enjoy it and similarly younger people find enjoyment by spending with their friends and so on depeding upon their interest and ways of getting enjoyment .
which does n't mean that some enjoy alot others donot as all get enjoyed well in their own ways .
From this I dont agree that younger people enjoy more than older people , because even older people enjoy in their own ways .

As older people become weak enough as their age go up , so they might not able to move freely and comfortable as like young people .
Even if they do them they would suffer from pains and injuries .
They enjoy alot in their own ways by telling stories , or by telling their past experience to children .
Also they find lot of enjoyment by going on for small walks near by .
When i was a child i got a great time in giving enjoyment to my grandmother as he feels alot a happy in telling stories , flashbacks and even we used to go to garden and pluck some carrots and ate which made by grandmother to have lot of enjoyment .
So by this we can say age does n't limit aperson in enjoying his life .
Every one got their own way to spend time happily .

Similarly Young people find their enjoyment by spending time with friends or by going to parties or even by participating in extra curricular activities .
As they have got a good health and energitic they can participate actively unlike older people , but this does n't mean that the older people do not enjoy their life .
Rather i feel that older people enjoy more than younger people .
As younger people participate in the events which needs alot of energy and makes easily tired up .
So all these states that enjoying life can be done different ways according to personal fitness and interests .

So i strongly state that like young people older people also enjoys but only the difference is the ways they get enjoyment .
It is usually common to hear young people say that older people are `` booring '' and do not know how to enjoy their life .
They support this statement by arguing that older people do not go out just for fun .
Instead , they say that older people usually go out because they are obligued to attend to certain events as part of their work but without really wanting to do so .
This might be true for some cases , but young people usually do not understand that older people may enjoy what they do more than going out , and therefore , they enjoy life as much as young people do .

Most older people have already lived what young people say is fun .
As many old people would be able to still do those supposedly enjoyable things but do not do so , it is logical to infer that what old people are doing is more enjoyable to them .
For example , a woman who spends most of her time taking care of her children is probably doing so because she loves her children and preferes to be with them than going anywhere else .
This is specially true because that woman could pay a babysitter to take care of her children .
Another important aspect to consider is that most adults have learned through experience to place value in the smal things life has to offer them and therefore they do not need to go out every Friday night in order to entertain themselves as young people claim to need .

As well , young people usually give too much importance to having fun in parties that only last one night .
Adults , in contrast , place value in more permanent happiness as that given by beeing with their family or by enjoying a tranquil life with no terrible problems ahead of them .
This usually leads young people to think they are able to enjoy life more than adults do when , in fact , adults might be enjoying their life even more than most young people .

In conclussion , I believe that even though adults may live a duller life that is not filled with the short-term fun nor the sudden surprises young people experience , adults are perfectly capable of enjoying their life just as much as any adolescent or child .
In the end , what really makes someone enjoy his life is the way he looks at his life not the age he has .
I agree with the statement that `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
I support the above statement because younger people have the capability , vitality and vigour to do things than what older people can do .
I can explain this by following examples .

Firstly , considering the present situation of technolgical developments taking place and day by day the world market is being stormed by a variety of innovative gadgets .
Younger people have the edge over older people for enjoying these products .
Young people have the strong inclination to use these products which the older people may not posess due loss in intrests in the worldly pleasures .

Secondly , considering the examples of learning , younger people are exposed newer innovative ideas and newer discoveries being made .
By learning these things they can come to a better understanding of the present situation of their society which ultimately leads them to create a better enjoyable life of their own .
Where as the older people may lack the interest of learning new things which may be due to their old age or due to a prejudiced feeling that they know everything .

Finally , considering the biological aspect younger people can do a lot of work than the older people can do .
While doing the work of their interest young people can enjoy that work as the physically they can subject their body to stress .
Where as considering the old people , even they have interst to do some work the physical condition of their body may not cooperate for doing the work .
In addition young people tend to be more healthy .
So , they can enjoy different types recepies whereas it is not possible in the case of older people who are more prone to health ailments .

Considering the above stated three examples I think that I was able to justify my statement that `` younger people enjoy life more than older pople do ''
I absolutely agree with the statement mentioned .
Success itself means the accomplishment of a risky or a tough job .
People who take the least trodden path , come out with a whole new experience , and more knowledge than the others , who believe in convention and conformity .
The whole essence of success , in my perception is achieving something that has'nt been done before .
So it is all about doing new things , and doing them well .

Most successful industrialists , and businessmen in the world are known to have tried and accomplished something new rather than what they are already familiar with and skilled in .
Larry Page tried to design a new kind of search engine , coupled with a wide range of services related to he internet .
At first , it was considered to be naive and not much useful .
But later on , his creation `` Google '' became very famous , and is now , unconditionally , the best of it 's kind .
One more example is the Indian businessman Dirubai Ambani .

Without people trying out new things , our life would'nt have been the same as it is now .
We would'nt have had new kinds of clothes , infrastructure and modes of travel .
We would'nt have had new genres of music if musicians of those days did'nt try them .
Rap music , for example , was actually a form of minstrel songs sung by the African Americans .
But some musicians attempted to commercialize them , with modern context , and they succeeded .

Risk is another major ingredient of success .
It is because of people 's positive outlook on risk , that man has achieved a lot in the field of science and technology .
Today , we have missions going on on other planets , and on space , only because our precursors risked to do something innovative in this field .

I finally conclude that , successful people , do take risks and try new things .
I even feel that doing something that we are already good at , and that is already tried and done by several others , hardly counts as success .
I agree with this statement because I believe that who dares wins .
I basically think that doing only what we already know can be the starting point of a career but if we limited ourselves to it for our whole life , we cannot achieve success .
there are several reasons why I agree with the above statement .

Firstly , I think that success is the outcome of creativity .
If we see all the most important business men , for example Briatore , we realize that they had to risk and start an activity without thinking about failure .
all this obviously starts from an interest , in this case Briatore was interested in Formula 1 , but in my opinion he needed creativity to make an interest become a business .

Secondly , success is not a daily goal , on the contrary it is something really difficult to achieve , therefore it needs not only knowledge but even the ability of a person to take risks .
as a matter of fact , success is something that probably lasts for only a certain period of time and for this reason , I think that all the successful people are not scared of failure , they are aware of it .
the pleasure of success is probably more important than the fear of a failure .

Thirdly , successful people have often some difficulties in their private lives , because they do not have enough time to dedicate to their families , to their friends and partners although these are some very important aspects of a person existence .
this reason support the opinion that a successful person must have the ability to take risks .
as a matter of fact someone that does not want to run any risk , will unlikely manage to achieve success .

In conclusion , successful people must have the curiosity to try new things , and the hability to take risks from an economical point of view but , above all , from a personal and private point of view .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I agree with this statement because of many reasons .
The most important reason that differenciate young people from the old is wisdom .
Old people are wise , patient , more experienced , more conservative and want to do the right thing .
Young people are reckless , hasty , quick in making desicions , unpatient but are wanted from society .
Society nowadays idealizes the young and ignore the old .
Every attractive or sexy actor/actress is either young or tries to look young .
Lets face it a model is only famouse when she is young , when she is above fifty nobody would even remmember her name .
The media plays a big role in this , where every product advertised is by the appearance of either a young girl or a guy .
Never the less this is not the only reason , young people are able to injoy life because they have health , no responsibilities and a wild imagination .
For example , a twenty year old guy can go dancing , clubbing , drinking alcohol , driving fast and all of the other stuff that young people do , things which a fifty year old would never consider doing .

Old people have kids and have many responsibilities which take a lot of their time like taking care of the house , buying groceries , doing social visits , things that will never come to mind for a young person .
In addition to that old people are not as healthy as young people , which can deprive them of certain activities like sports , they have to watch their cholesterol , not eat shugar and all of the other constraints on their food consumption , while young people eat what ever they want and dont even think about these problems .
Young people are generally single and date other young single people and diversify often , While old people are stuck with their old partner and remmember the time when they were young .

In conclusion , I can say that every person can enjoy life in his way at any stage of life he is in .
Maybe what seems as fun to a twenty year old is not as fun to a forty yearold and vise versa .
So I can say that every stage in life has its joyfull moments even old age , although I always say `` enjoy life while you are still young '' .
I neither agree nor disagree with the point suggested above .
I believe that the success can be obtained by trying new things as well as practicing what is already known to us .

Things that are already known might not be as refreshing and exciting as new technologies or knowledges , but they 're still important , because you cannot do anything advanced without learning the old things correctly .
For example , let 's say that I 'm a member of a medical research group that is trying to develop a new type of medicine for brain cancer .
Even if the point is ` trying to find a new way , ' you cannot perform the task successfully unless you know and perform the previous things very well .
That is , in order to develop the new medicine , you have to learn all the previously accumulated knowledges about medicines and brain cancer first .

At the same time , however , new technologies and trials are certainly shortcut to the success .
Many people who had denied the stereotypes and tried new things had succeeded and become a billionair .
And that is indeed how our history had advanced so far .
People have tried new ideas , knowledges , vogues , systems , and so forth , and up to now we 've become a highly industrialized world .
Even only 3 or 4 hundred years ago , our life used to be all about church and work .
But things get changed and changed .
And if those new things have n't been tried , our world must have been stagnated and still .
And that rule applies to an individual as well .
As long as you stick to the old topic , you cannot go forth .
History has proved that for you .

So my whole point is that the success can be obtained only when you respect the already known things and new things equally .
Neither old things nor new things can exist without the other .
Old things exist to be used and to be replaced by new things .
But without the accumulated history , new things cannot come into its place .
Since many years and among the history of the Humanity , the use of the car as always being important and in some cases indispensable .
Nowadays , the situation is changing and we are face to a problem : do we still have to use our car while many factors influence us to use others solutions or to use less the car ?
In my opinion , I would rather say that in twenty there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

First of all , it is important to remind the actual situation on earth .
The cost of gas is extremely high and more than before .
We can also say that it might continue to grow for many years .
Why ?
To serve interest of the governments and powerful people who lead nations or corporations .
I think that people know that the gas ' price is too expensive and will continue to increase year after year .
Moreover , it is relevant to say that the car ' cost is as much expensive as the gas'cost .
In fact , today , if we want to buy a new car it costs a lot of money and in many cases , some families need to borrow money to get one .
It is becoming a luxury product .
It is useful to say that households are bored of this important growth .
They would like to find other solutions in order to avoid taking their car .

Then , one of the most important thing in our society today is the protection of the environment .
How many households would stop using their car and find other way of transportation in order to `` save the earth '' ?
A lot .
I think so .
The pollution due to the gas , the problems encountered with the forests all around the world become more and more familiar to the population .
And I really think that people feel more and more concerned by that .
By the way , it is important to notice that since a few months , we can assist to the development of a new form of transportation such as the commom transports ( bus , train ) and the come back of the bicycles in the big cities for example .
In my opinion , the best example to prove that is the city of Berlin .
In fact , I was impressed when I went over there for the first time , because we can see bicycles everywhere around us and people tend to use those new forms of transportation more and more .
I really like this idea which spreads out in many cities today .

Finally , we can say that the motivation of being a good citizen , the increase of the costs of the gas and the cars , will hopefully help people using less and less their car and prefer bicycles or common transports .
I really believe that in twenty years , people will find others ways to go from a place to another .
It depends on many factors but one of the most important is the motivation .
I hope that people will take these piece of information into account in oder to change the future and learn how to use less the car .
Transportation vehicles are among the necessities of today 's modern urban life .
It can be argued that all kinds of transportation vehicles facilitate our lives .
It is needless to say that car is the most effective and widely used transportation vehicle today .
However , the developments in public transportation and the fluctuations in oil prices bring my mind that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In this essay , the reasons that influence people to change their transportation habit in twenty years will be explained .

To begin with , urban life becomes more crowded day by day .
As a result of this , people hardly find space to park their cars .
In addition , in order to solve transportation problems in urban landscapes , municipalities and other agents develop projects .
Thanks to these projects , underground systems , municipality buses and other kinds of public transportation are provided .
Moreover , air transportation is highly developed today .
As a fruit of these changes , people prefer public transportation facilities more than they did before .
For example , I saw this trend in New York City .
Although people afford to buy car , they prefer to use public transportation .
One of the citizens whom I talked with said that twenty years ago there were more cars in New York City than there are today .
Therefore , we can say that twenty years later , there will be fewer cars seen on the streets .

Another factor that affects poeple 's choices in terms of transportation is oil prices .
Oil prices fluctuates every year .
Thus , people can not predict how much money that they should pay for oil .
Although oil is relatively cheap in developed countries , its price can be rocketed suddenly .
For example , during the Gulf War , oil prices increased too much .
In short , oil prices is profoundly related to the developments in politics especially in oil prodcing countries .
As a result of this unstable structure of ol prices , car become an expensive vehicle for transportation .

To sum up , in my opinion in twenty years there will be fewer cars i use than there are today .
This will realise because of the developments in public transportation and the unstable prices of oil which make the car an uncomfortable and expensive transportation vehicle .
Some people say `` no risk , no fun '' and because of this no profits and furthermore no success .
I definitely agree with these people and with the given statement .
Of course there are witnessed examples of successful people who just copied ideas in order to earn big profits .
Of course many people who do not run a business in which risk and creativity are daily questions , are able to realize a nice career as well as high wages .
And of course people who define success in a completely different way such as being a member of a kind of club maybe even the captain of a bowling team are successful with a high degree of riskaversion .

But from my point of view people are only successful if they are able to change their environment significantly .
I do not reffer to the direct environment as the personal social context of an individual .
I am talking about changing the whole society or at least the business sector you are concerned with .
What would our world look like without great reformers and visons of few people ?
Personalities like M. L. King , Adam Smith or Mahatma Gandhi changed their society with their inventions , theories or opinions .
But without taking risks or thinking in new dimensions , developments that occured as a result of their thinking would not have been possible until now .

To be successful it demands a low level of riskaversion , a genious strategy ( that can be a simple strategy as well ) and the ability to implement it .
And facts you already know might be the basic knowledge to explore several ideas but without risk and the willingness to do something completely new success cannot be realized .

Finally I totally agree with the given statement .
I would like to strengthen my opinion again by repeating that from my point of view risk and success are strong partners that cannot be changed .
I disagree with the idea that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject firstly because it is impractical to have knowledge on many issues , and secondly because broad knowledge may not be enough for the solution of a problem and it does not promote development .

I think having a broad knowledge of various different academic subjects would be a very time consuming attempt .
For example in my study of expertise which is psychology , noone can be expected even to know the subfields of the area .
There are verious areas under the large area of psychology like cognitive psychology , developmental psychology and social psychology .
It is impossible for a person to learn all from these issues since there are manay issues that needs covering even in a broad way .
And if we think wider of academic subjects like physics , chemistry and not the subfields of a specific subject it even becomes more impractical to possess a general knowledge about them .

Another problem with having a broad knowledge is regards to its sufficiency .
Most of the time we can not expect broad knowledge to help in specific cases .
If we take the area of health and medicine we can see alot of specialization .
When we have a health problem we are usually redirected to a specialist by the general doctor because the amount of knowledge of the general doctor is not enough to help us .
We need people who are specialized in their area to help us since they are the only ones with the adequte amount of information .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is also problematic for the development of science .
We need more specialization on a subject becaue we need accumulation of knowledge for a development .
Accumulation of knowledge can be maintained only by specialization on a subject however with a broad knowledge you can not expect to come up with something new and to contribute to the knowledge pool .

Specialization on a subject is better than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects because it is more possible to achieve that knowledge in a life time , it is more effecient and sufficient for the solving of a problem and it promotes the development of the area by giving a chance of discovery and to the accumulation of knowledge .
Different people have different views as to how they spend their life and what they weant to persue .
As time moves on , these goals and behaviours also change with the mindset and lives of people .
It is necessary for people to be able to live their age .
For example a high school student 's priority would be do excell in his studies and do well in school whereas a businessman 's would be to ensure he earns as much money he can .

The main difference between the people above in the example is that where one is a sixteen year old kid , the other is a thirty-five year old who probably has a family to support .
That does not mean that they live only for those things .
They live life the way they are supposed to , accordingly to their responsability .
Young people comparatively do n't have much to worry about and can enjoy themselves at a discotheque or play sports or what they are able to do .
Older people can indulge in more ` mature ' ways of having fun and enjoying life like watching an ` art ' movie or going for a cruise .

I personally do not agree with the statement as I feel that it does not take into consideration people 's lifestyles .
Young people can also watch and enjoy art movies if their lifestyle is like that .
Richard Branson the entrepreneur is a major risk-taker and lives life to the fullest .
People have their own ways and methods of keeping themsleves satisfied and enjoy life as the feel is right to them .
There have been plenty of cases where old people have gone water-skiing , I think that they are really enjoying their life !

True there are limitations when it comes to the age-factor , if the biological clock is ticking then one must face it and roll with it .
One can not expect an eighty year old to go rock climbing .
That same elderly person may enjoy him/her self in the compnay of friends or family .

Young people dont enjoy life more than older people , they enjoy it differently .
`` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . ''

In the present day there are too many cars too less parking spaces and the roads are being crowded because of this reason .
To avoid such disruptions one possible way is to have fewer cars in use after twenty years than there are today .

The main disadvantage of too many cars is pollution both air and noise .
Another problem is accidents involving cars especially have increased over the past few years .
The declining of the fossil fuels and petroleum produst might be another reason for decreasing the number of cars .

Decreasing the number of cars would decrease trafic and people would be able to travel easily .
In future it would enable us to reduce pollution caused by cars mainly air pollution .
This is because air pollution is one of the causes for ozone depletion resulting global warming .
Many trees are cut for increasing parking spaces or making new roads which increases global warming .
But if there are fewer cars more trees can be planted .
Noise pollution will reduce automatically with the use of fewer cars and may infact not exist any more .

Car accidents are increasing because of reckless driving or driving the car under influence of alcohol or drugs .
People who own cars do not feel resposible to anyone and hence some of them do not follw trafic rules such as wearing the seat belts .
Not only the person commiting the mistake is paying but also other people who are on the same road as the person commiting the mistake .
Most of the time these accidents are due to teenagers or students who just got their license ( some may drive without a license ) .
All such things could be avoided if there were fewer cars which belonged only to responsible people .

Fossil fuels and petroleum products have been depleting very rapidly over the past few years in the western countries and it has become very costly to buy it from middle-eastern countries .

Hence limited number of cars would help in saving the remaining fossil fuels and also avert many other disasters caused because of cars .
In this essay I would like to discuss the statement , if there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .

On the one hand we have to see that the number of cars increased rapidly in the past .
There has been a lot of technical development during years and years .
At the moment you see more cars on the streets than you did in the past .
City representatives are saying that there is n't even enough space for all those cars .
They 're building more parking areas and larger streets .

But now we have to discuss wether this development , seen in the past will go on .
I think in times of globalization the markets around the world spread and people are willing to drive cars .

On the other hand the resource with which cars drive , namely oil , is becoming rare .
There wo n't be enough oil in the future to make each car on the world driving .

But as I already said , there has been remarkable development in technical research and I think that in the future cars wo n't drive with gas or oil but with solar energy or h ^ 2 .
We will have to see if industry will be able to produce as many cars as they 're required by people .

Also we are not sure if the oil will be rare in twenty years .
However , today it can be seen that the car producing industry has the potential to build future cars .
But at the moment they gain a lot of money with the old by gas driving cars .
So they say : `` Why should we build futuristic and environment friendly cars , if we get enough money with the old cars ? ''
.

They should change their behaviour and build environment friendly cars so that the oil wo n't be that rare that not everybody could drive his car resp .
buy a new one .

As one can see there are many factors , which have to be discussed for a statement like that .
A lot has to be done that there could be more cars in future than there are today .

Out of today 's view I think that there wo n't be less cars in use than there are today .
In twenty years there still will be enough oil to feed all the cars .
Unfortunately the car producing industry does n't use the potentials for enviroment friendly cars so that the number of cars wo n't decrease in twenty years and may even increase but with a longer view there will be a change on the streets with fewer cars and cars as a symol for money as it is maybe flying in planes nowadays .
In the contemporary society , it seems certain that some people have formed a unrealistic picture on the problem concerning about the cars .
They considers that the car will be fewer in our future life .
They asset that along with the boom of the cars has come more serious probelms like air polution and enengy crisis .
However , from the informations I have collected in the past few years , nothing is further from the truth than it .
It 's no doubt that the car , one of the main transpotation in our society , will still play a dominent role in our future life .

First and foremost , the car stands for the development of a country .
The changes of the cars represent the changes of a country .
As is well known , China is a develpping country .
You could see few cars with few brands on the street in the last twenty years .
However , with the enhancement of our comperhensive nation power , many family has their own cars .
The number of cars are increasing as a eye-dazzling rate in our country .
We could easily conclude that there will be more car in each of our cities with the development of our country .

In the second place , the car will take place the pubilc transportation in the future .
Blessed with the convenience and high efficiency , the car could meet people higher demand in their daily life .
For instance , not only could people drive their own cars to work in each business day , but also they could arrange their vacation schedule by driving their car .
It 's no need for them to spend their timetable on pubilc transportation .

Last but not the least , variety cars will be made in this high technology society , such as the energy-saving cars , sunpower engning cars , to name just a few , which make it possible for people to save remnant energy and avoid the air pollution .

From what has been presented previously , we could safely draw a chonclusion that car will take beneficial moreeffects into our living standard , to our country , even to the society .
We should hold a positive attitude towards car which allow it bring its initiative into full play .
It is always a controvertial issue over whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to speciallize in one specific subject .
In my opinion , I prefer to be a specialist in one academic field during my university life .

One main factor is the limited time .
In my country , our college eduction lasts 4 years .
During that time , you should not only do your studying but take part in some extra-curriculum activities as well in order to get a good job in the future .
Therefore , it is impossible for a student with an average intellect to learn all the knowledge of every subject in such a short time .

Another factor is that the energy of every people is limited .
You could n't expect the people to sleep less than 4 hours in order to be a generalist .
Also , it is a truth the some people only are suitable to some certain subjects .
If you force them to learn what they are not good at , it 's just a way of wasting their energy .

Last but not least , the purpose of school to educate the people is to serve the society .
That is to say our education should meet the demands of the current society .
What is the rightnow situation ?
Thanks to the developed economy and stable world enviroment , the quantity of the labour forces is not the problem .
What we want now is the improvement of the quality of the labour forces .
That means our society needs the people with a strong background of one certain area instead of those who know only a little about everything .

Admittedly , broad education is very important in today 's education so as to help develope a student properly .
But that does n't to say we should put all our limited time and energy into learning everything .
With the structure of the labor forces becoming more and more reasonable , I believe those who is a master of a certain area will have a promising future .
The present statement is a false dichotomy on an essential academic topic : is breadth of knowledge better than specialized knowledge ?
I will develop the reasons why I consider that building broad and specialize knowledge are both essential and complement each other .

To have a wide knowledge of many academic subjects is essential nowadays and will be even more important in the future .
The world we live in moves fast and new technologies have enabled an exponential growth of network connections between people from different background and cultures .
Therefore having a broad understanding of different cultures and industries is key for an individual to understand and evoluate in our world .

Conversely , specific and specialize knowledge is essential in order to contribute to the development of our civilization .
To master all the aspects and challenges of the discipline is essential in order to contribute to its development .
Having insight on a specific topic is a strength which could infer numerous jobs opportunities .

One of my science teacher at university used to say that the more specialize a discipline is , the more broad knowledge you need to understand the mechanisms of nature and physics .
He used to think that somehow many scientific disciplines converges towards a unique truth ( an old scientist dream ) .

As a conlusion , I believe there are no reasons for contending that broad knowledge is more essential than specialize knowledge ( or vice-versa ) .
As a matter of fact , I consider they complement each other .
I would even add that what is essential in our today world is to learn how to learn in order to be able to adapt ourselves to our ever fast muting civilization .
Some people believe that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I do n't agree with this statement and think that this wrong conclution is a result of lacking the ability to properly asses the conditions of our time .

First of all , it is convenient to think about what was consiredered as helping the community , say , 50 years before now .
I think muscle work and spending time doing some volunteer work like collecting garbage off the streets or working in the village library was considered proper community help .
This , and the like , were though to be of the greatest benefit for the community .
When we look in this context it is inevitable to conclude that now young people do n't care about community or to be more precise , do n't spend their time for the benefit of the community .

After stating what I think is `` evaluating today with the standarts of the past , '' I would like to discuss the needs of todays community , which breaths in the age of information .
In such an environment where information has such a great power , community desperately needs to receive and create information .
To this extend , we have to develop abilities to gather , use and transmit information .
So a help to community , in its current context , means to develop such abilities and to gather and create as much information as possible .
Young people of our time need to develop their intellectual side and this is the most important aspect we need to seek in their activities in order to eveluate their contrubution to the community .

I see that most of the young people are playing with information in their pastime .
They use internet to jump from information to information .
They talk about the means to use information .
And most of them seek ways to develop the methods by which they share and create information .
To be more specific , I would like to mention that Linux was founded by a 16 year old high school student , namely Linus Torvalds .
He was tought to be a computer junkie not doing anything useful for the community but ended up being the one who initiated the whole opensource concept .
Most people fail to notice the importance of what a 16 year old computer junkie can achieve .
An other example is a 18 year old girl , Ayse Dinarli , from my hometown who set up a wimax network in our district and enabled everyone to connect to internet freely .
What she has done was a great help to our small community but most people fail to realize this .

In conclution , young people in the age of information deal mostly with information and intellectual concepts and devices to achieve information and this is exactly what the community requires .
So they certainly help their community .
I strongly agree with this statement .
It is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to just know certain facts by heart .
First of all , I think that it is more challenging to come to understand a certain idea or concept , e.g. a Philosophical problem .
One first of all has to understand the problem and why it occurs .
Based on this , one can then try to follow the Philosopher 's effort and argumentation how to solve this problem ( or why it cannot be solved ) .
This coming to understand a certain logical stream of thoughts is a process of learning in itself and stands in contrast to `` simply '' memorizing facts , like the name of the problem and the name of the Philosopher .
I put the word `` simply '' in quotation marks since I do not want to dimiss the knowing of facts completely .
I just think that a knowledge of facts should accompany the understanding of a concept ; only facts do not suffice .

Having fully understood an idea also helps when it comes to explaining things to other people , such as friends , classmates , or , in case one wants to become a teacher , students .
When one has fully understood an idea , it is easier to explain the respective concept to others .
Only relating mere facts would not help others to throughly understand an idea .
Furthermore , a fact , like a date or a year , can , when in doubt , always be looked up in an encyclopedia .
This does not hold for concepts .

Furthermore , concepts and ideas can , and often need , to be criticized and/or challenged .
To be able to question a concept , one has to know and have understood what one is criticizing , to also justify one 's critique .
Facts can , of course , not be challenged .

In general it can be said that facts are not unimportant , but the knowledge and understanding of a concept or an idea is definitely more vital in regard to the process of learning and the usage and applying of knowledge in everyday life .
If one had to ask me , I personally agree to the following statement .
In todays new world where students are competing with each other , where education has become a prime necessity and not just a mere hobby we often hear students having endless conversations about the assigments they need to submit or the tests that are coming up .
Each one having a goal to strive towards .
With more time for work and less for play we hardly find young people sacrificing some of their time to their communities .
community services hold little value to many youngsters in todays world of technology , the modesty that we would find in youngsters of the previous decade is absent .

On the other hand we still find youngsters making an attempt to find time for their community , to selflessly devote some of their valuable time to the helpless people of their community and to help interact with them , to help bring a smile to their faces .
When compared to the number of students that help their community , the number of students that dont outcast them however , there is still room for improvement , every cloud has a silver lining and therefore i can say that maybe in the near future some improvement might be made , however we notice that as the years are passing we tend to see more people involved with their materialistic world leaving no or less time for the helpless .

A good example would be myself , i start every month with an intention to help atleast one person i know in my community , to help bring a smile to atleast one persons face but the month flies by and before i know it the next month has started with exactly the same intentions but no progress .
The drive that we students have towards our education results in a fall back when it comes to serving our community .
Our weekends are used up in completing unfinished assignments and relaxing ourself from the tired week that just went by and therefore i personally feel that in todays world very few young people devote a good amount of time helping their community .
I agree with the statement provided that the word in the statement `` cars '' is qualified to mean only `` road-cars '' .
This is to distinguish road-cars from other automotives , like space-cars , which may be a thing of the future .
I will hence-forth call such automobiles as personal-flights , to distinguish them from `` road-cars '' .

As a science student , I am totally convinced that twenty years is sufficient for technological advancements to progress to such an extent , so as to enable the the usage of personal flights by many people .
In those years , people will be able to purchase personal-flights , and hence the usage of road cars will become outmoded .
Twenty years may be short to produce such personal-flights at low rates .
However although all people may not have luxuries to such high end automobiles , a significant portion of the population , especially in developed countries may start using them regularly .
Besides , the government of those days might introduce other sophisticated public transport systems , like space buses or space trains .
Considering the heavy pollution that is caused by the today 's cars and the great commotion caused in today 's roads because of these cars , people then may start exploring other options , such as space - buses .
That would not only be convenient to most people , but also be environment friendly .
In fact , some environment friendly countries , might totally abandon the usage of powered vehicles on roads of that day .
People who wish to go on roads on those days might go on cycles , and it is entirely possible that cycles might be in vogue then .
The usage of road-cars may be restricted to luxury sports like Formula 1 , Nascar etc .

The other important factor that may influence people to consider other attractive alternate means of transport is petrol and other gas reserves .
The acute shortage of petrol , diesel etc in coming years may increase their prices so much that people wil start abandoning road-cars .

Even as of today , trains in Japan and in few other countries can move almost on the air , enabling them to travel as fast as sound .
Current research indicates that space cars may be manufactured without the usage of petrol .
They also do not cause enviroment problems , and traffic jams will be a thing of past .
In twenty years , the advent of space cars and space buses is looking highly possible .
I totally agree witrh this statement .
Taking risks and trying new things can make a person more creative .
In addition , trying new things can make a person become more confident about himself/herself .
A successful person is not willing to live a boring life .

First of all , trying news things is the basic requirement for people who want to become successful .
Successful people are ambitious and passionate about life .
Success cannot lack of risks and attempts .
Invention needs creative mind while crestive mind needs trying of new things .
Many famous scientists eventually become successful only because they are willing to try many different kinds of things .
Without the courages of taking risks , they would never innvent so many ` impossible things ' .
So , successful people want to try new things because they have creative mind .

Secondly , trying news things can make a person feel more confident about himself or herself .
At the same time , confidence is required by people who want to be success .
For example , if a man is doing his new experiment , he has tried more than five hundreds time to test the experiment , he may eventually gain priceless conifidence once he accomplishes the experiment successfully .
Successful business esalways have some risks .
Thus , in order to become successul in business world , people have to take some risks .
As long as they get through the risks , then they would taste the fruit of success .

Lastly , a successful man does not want to live a normal and boring life because he is ambitious and passionate about his life .
People can learn precious feelings from failures , gain important experience from the risks .
Thus , successful people want to gain the valuable experience and feelings in the process of success .

In conclusion , since people can gain important experiences from the process of trying new things and taking risks to become successful , the successful people would not do what they already know how to do .
In addition , successful people can gain confidence which is the basic requirement for success .
Successful people are so creative that they must have a grast interest in try new things .
I do not agree with the statement that young people are not giving enough time to helping their communities .
In todays fast going society , where time is money and every one is over acheiving , there is little time which a young person can devote to the commnunity .
But with in this small amount of time which is available , todays youth is contributing much in terms of quality of help as well as quantity

There are numerous ways in which this can be shown .
90 percent of the young men and women whom you meet today are having hearty ambitions and very defined carrer goals .
Most young women today aspire to be dynamic executives rather than being just a home maker Mom .
These healthy ambitions in them selves are a great contribution to human society , making the society progressive and dynamic .
The vitality of society brings about the much nourishment which is required for the charity organizations .
A goal driven youth is much more likely to be a benefactor to a poor child or a good social worker , as part of service which is required for obtaining a place in prestigious educational institutes .
Today 's aspring youth are tomorrow 's benefactors of society for a given certainity , as they drive the economy in full speed

Another example of youth contribution to society is evident in increased entreprenuership , in sectors of environment protection , waste recycling and alternative energy production , by young entreprenuers through out the world

A teenager who earns pocket money or money for tution fee through baby sitting or service in a old age home is an excellent example of a young person who is serving the society as well as his or her own needs .
A student who organizes a student body or writes a web log to help other students from his nation to study internationally and earn prestigious honors is an excellent example of a young person , trying to develop his fellow students .

In a place like India , where government can not provide adequate social security , recently I read of 2 young sisters , who have organized a rehabilitation center for mentally retarded or dsiturbed women who roam in streets , with out nobody to take care of them .
I personally know some of my young friends who sponsor poor children annually , almost anonymously

I would like to conclude that todays youth is responsible , goal driven and service oriented .
They are giving back to their communities and are role models for coming generations
Cars are the most common means of transportation now-a-days especially in cities where reaching the destination in time is of utmost priority .
The number of cars used is always increasing with the increase in population .
But , I strongly believe that after twenty years , the number of cars used will be much less than those being used now .

As the number of cars used keeps increasing , the amount of air pollution caused by them will also be on the rise .
This will cause global warming as a result of which , there would be many coastal areas that will be submerged in the years to come .
I feel that this will cause an awareness among the people and will encourage them to use public mode of transportation in order to reduce the number of vehicles causing pollution .

Another reason that I feel would result in a decrease in the number of cars used is that the increased traffic would cause big delays in reaching the destinations .
The only feasible solution that I see for the traffic problem is the reduction in the number of vehicles .
Widening of roads might help to some extent in solving the traffic problem , but beyond a limit it is not of much use .
I feel that as a result of this , people will be forced to voluntarily give up the use of cars inorder to meet their requirements on time .

Apart from all these reasons , I also feel that there is a lot of risk associated with car journeys .
As an effect of this , more and more people might opt for relatively safer means of transportation like the train .
Furthermore , in most of the cases the train can be relied upon to take us to the destination on time .
This is one of the primary reason for the increased use of local trains in cities where people are in a hurry to reach their offices , schools etc ..

Finally , I wish to conclude stating that the above mentioned reasons are clear indicators that there could be fewer cars used in twenty years when compared to those being used now .
Yes , I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
Life is rapidly moving , every thing is changing , life tomorrow will definitely be different from today , the wheel of technology is accelerating , communications have overtaken the stars , industrialization has progressed and every aspect of life is developing faster than anyone thought to be .

Accordingly , our world needs a person who can or even who must meet the demands imposed by it and keep up with the frequent changes taking place .
A peson has to try new things and experiences , they cannot sit aimlessly and say what I have acquired is enough for me .
Suppose a physician that completed his studty in 1980s .
Imagine he has not kept up with the development of medicine and medication since then .
I believe that his patients will not recover as quickly as if they were cured by a doctor who always runs after new inventions and discoveries .
Imagine also an engineer who confines himself in what he had received at school or university .
How should he design a new design that reflects today .
I doubt he will be able to do so .

How can an athlete be successful unless he or she takes risks .
How can we find people like Schumacher , Mohammad Ali , Michael jorddan and so on whose contributions in life are great and without their risk taking life would be tasteless .

Life must go on and go forward , the wheel of progress must run all the time , we need more and more people who open the door wider into new experiences and new adventures , hence new life that is completely different from those whose life is always full of monotony .
Some peopel say that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
However , I disagree with the statement because I have felt that facts can automatically teach ideas and concepts in many situations .
In history and chemistry class , the learned that I was able to learn complex ideas and concepts by simply learning facts .

In my history class , U.S. History 1 Honors , understanding the flow of events is as important , or more , as memorizing tons of factual informations .
When I took the course 's first test in the beginning of the semaster , expecting their to be only factual and straightfoward questions , I was amazed that how many ideas , concepts , and abstract questions appeared on the test .
For upcoming tests , I tried to understand all these idea questions by asking myself questions like `` why did this happen ? '' or `` why did this person tried to accomplish this ? ''
However , I found myself often lost and getting these types of questions wrong on the tests .
Then , I figured out a new way to get around this problem .
It was just to memorize more and more facts !
By knowing a lot of facts that have happened , I was able to gather all these informations and draw conclusions out of these facts .
Then , I was able to answer the troubling idea and concept question more accurately , and I started to understand the history as whole .

In addition , my chemistry class seemed like a pure essence of ideas and concepts in the beginning .
The class required me to understand these abstract ideas like balacing chemcal equations or figuring out proper atomic masses .
First , I was entirely lost and unable to learn how to solve these problems because I just could not understance the concept of it .
The teacher tried to help me out by re-explaning these thoughts and ideas over and over again , and I still needed more help .
Then , it was factual examples which really helped me to get these .
By looking at how the teacher and my friends solving these problems , I just learned what to do when problems approach to me .
I immitated their ways of solving problems , and I was able to solve any chemistry problem on my own .
This really made me think that learning factual process is as important as understanding the concept .

Thus , it is more important for students to learn facts than it is for them to understand ideas and concepts .
Of course , ideas and concepts are ultimate goals the students to achieve in school .
However , before they try to reach it , they really should learn factual informations enough first .
In that way , The students will feel much easier to understand the concepts .
Therefore , learning facts in firsthand is more important than understanding ideas for students .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
First , the goal of the advertising company is to increase sales of a particular product or service .
In order to achieve this goal , buyers need to be convinced that the advertised product not only solves a particular need but that it also is better than comparable products in the market .

There are a variety of tactics to create the impression of product superiority , including highlighting only select features and providing social proof .
Social proof , for example , is an especially `` sneaky '' tactic to create product superiority by showing a celebrity or well-known organization endorsing the product .
These marketing tactics can leave the impression of superiority that , upon closer examination of the product , often does not hold up to reality .

One of the key problems is that there is no incentive or requirement for advertisers to mention any known weaknesses the product may have .
Frequent recalls issued by automotive companies , for example , are proof of the fact that the shiny new car that looked so impressive on TV may actually have some life threatening flaws .

Many ads also do n't show crucial information or present information in a way that makes it hard to understand the true quality of a product or service .
For example , a homebuyer looking for an affordable mortgage is presented with a wide array of mortgage products in the market , ranging from fixed rate mortgages to products with fluctuating rates .
If the buyer comes across an advertised mortgage product that claims to offer an unbelievably low interest rate , he or she will probably be impressed by the value of this particular mortgage , perceiving the product as superior .
Mortgage companies , however , are not required to fully disclose the details of their products in ads , often omitting important information or showing information in fine print that is hard to read .
Upon closer examination of such an unbelievable mortgage offer , the customer can find out that the advertised 1 % rate is a promotional rate only , scheduled to be replaced by a much higher interest rate with in one month of purchase .
Often , customers do n't have access to this information or are overwhelmed by the complexity of the product .

In summary , many advertisements are designed to mislead customers to some extent .
Advertising information can be entertaining and informative , but it should be read carefully and with a healthy dose of skepticism .
Progress we enjoy today can be attributed to some scholars .
Those individuals who understood the basic concept and ideas of their respective fields and thrived to develop them .
There , however , is an imposing question of which is important for students whether to learn the basic ideas and concepts or mere facts .

As a buildings strength is determined by its foundation basic idea and concept are sufficient enough for us to learn the facts .
Students should be taught the importance of these basics as much of the facts we know today are drawn by logical reasoning .
Many philosopher stress over this idea .
Facts which do not provide us with the understanding of how it works are merely of any use .
For example , if a student doesnot know how an electrical engine is started and what principle involves in its working but knows the mere fact of its uses there is no point in his learning .

Moreover , with the rapid improvement in todays world it is the basic ideas and concepts that are followed rather than facts .
For example , Consider System Application Process ( SAP ) which is revised and updated every time so that it keeps it competetors abay .
If the programmer knows only facts on which command leads to which result then he wil face problem in the upgraded version but if he knows the concept on which procedure the compliler works then he can also use the upgraded version though with some difficulty in the beginning .

Finally , It is through these , ideas and concepts , that the student will , perhaps , draw inferences on how some of the basic things work and work innovative ways rahter than thinking like a stereotype .

Thus it is teach the students the concepts and ideas rather than mere facts which is not advisable .
I agree with the statement according to which most advertisements make products seem much better than really are .
I have often made the experience of disappointment in front of a real item that I had only seen on a television screen or on a billboard .
And for sure , I am not the only one to come to the conclusion that advertisement is just about misrepresentation .
Every day , one has the occasion to see , for example , a poster that presents the wonderful characteristics of some new beauty cream and the terrific effects it will have on the reduction of lines and dark circles .
The fact is that the efficiency of such potions have never thoroughly been proved , and that their using has never prevented anyone from reading the traces of time on the face of an old woman .

But nowadays , advertisement is a necessary evil in consumer societies .
Indeed , the goal of producers is to sell more and more every day .
Advertisers are hired to achieve this goal .
They try to present the product so as to create a desire , even a longing for it , so that people buy it as soon as they can .
They repeat the operation in order to accelerate the process , and to earn more money .

Advertisement , then , necessarily uses spectacular words and emphatic images to make people dream .
Advertisement , for some people , only sell dreams .
Hence the habitual disappointment when consumer face products as they really are .

Advertisement then is often a legal issue .
The problem consists in knowing if the advertisement is mere puff and blow , or if it really corrisponds to a visaul form of contract .
If such was the case , the advertiser would maybe be liable for making a fraudulent misrepresentation , and one could clame for damages .
In my opinion it is very important to combine both the situation and I do not think that one Fact is more important then the other .
Every education program should involves theory and then support the theory with a large number of fact to confirm the previous .
I would like to give an example on what I am trying to explain .
In History we can find and evaluate how ideas and concepts can not be separeted from facts .
The second world war was a result of the idea that the white race was superior to any other human beings in the world .
The nazi idea of being superior was supported by intellectual people scientests , propaganda and mass media .
As a matter of fact the Germans were convinced that they nation was the strongest and powerful nation in the world .
Now the consequences of that period in history are well known around the globe , and the facts demonstrate that the idea was wrong and dangerous .

So I think it is very important to correlate ideas and facts because it is not necessarily true that an idea that seem brilliant paceful and fair has always positive consequences when we try to put it in practice .

I talked about the Germans but I also could talk about the communist theory and its application in several countries .
A doctrine that seems fair and just reveald not to be a good economic system .

As a result millions of people died because of this idea .
It is very important to understand the consequences of what an idea or a simple concept might lead to .
It is also vital for students to estimate what exactly a concept is in the real world .
An idea it is in fact something abstract .
In my opinion it is always better to compare something re
I want to state my opinion wether a broad knowledge of many subjects is better than to specialize in one subject .
Both ways have their specific advantages and disadvantages which I would like to state in the following text .

Having a broad knowledge is always an advantage , not only when it comes to game-shows like `` Who want 's to be a millionaire '' .
Knowing a lot gives you an open view to the world as it is .
It opens you for alternative explanations and solutions and might even make you into a more tolerant person .

Even though from this point of view it seems very usefull to gather a broad knowledge it also brings with it some problems .
Many specific knowledge is what makes you an expert in some area .
When beeing a competitive person who always tries to be the best you will not achieve your goal , if you are not focussing your energy to some few subjects and even if you are not competitive the everyday job-requirements force you to have a certain amount of knowledge about a special subject .

Even though the capacity of the human brain seems to be nearly unlimited , the time of most humans is not .
Getting a broad knowledge needs a lot of time to gather this knowledge .
If you try to get to this knowledge on a university you soon will have to face the fact , that not just the time but also the money of most persons is limited .
In most countries all over the world , studying is not for free .
Even in Germany where Universities where free for decades a growing number of federal countries is intoducing study fees .
So at one point or another most people have to make a decision between the amount of knowledge to gather , and the time and money they got to do this .
In my opinion a broad knowledge is an ideal which is very hard to reach .
So I think it is better to first concentrate on one subject and to get to know everything possible about it , get a job by using that knowledge and try to broaden your horizon afterwards .
Not doing so will turn you into an unemployed academic with a broad knowledge .

When talking about this topic another pretty important thing has to be mentioned .
More important than finding time to gather knowledge , is to make sure you do n't loose the one you once had .
In Germany it is said , that when finishing Highshool one has the broadest knowledge in his whole life .
When starting to study often just a few months are needed to loose this knowledge , mostly because one focusses on his primary subject in college .
So maybe the mentioned ideal is easier to reach by not forgetting knowledge than by gathering it .

To summarize my personal view : I for myself always try to gather as much knowledge as possible even though I know it is just possible within certain limits given by the environment .
But even though it is surely better to have this broad knowledge I will never say a bad word about someone who just tries to be the best in his primary subject .
I agree or desagree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , depending on the size of the group .

I desagree if the group is so big .
I had the opportunity to travel with a big group to a country that nobody knew before .
It was a very bad experience because the tour guide was in trouble because he was responsible for everybody and during the traveling some got lost .
Some wanted to spend more time looking at other things and some wanted to take pictures and got lost , etc .
So , i do n't recommend traveling with big groups .

Instead , i agree that the best way to travel is in a small group led by a tour guide if it is considered the following :

First , the group has not to have more than ten people .
In this way , the group can be well managed according to the cirscunstances .
For example , you can easily rent a van to visit some other places that are not in the itinerary or you can plan a party during the nights .

Second , the people that are traveling together need to have almost the same age in order to have fun .
It is not easy when you are traveling with old people that you can hurt with a simple noise or with anything that they do n't like .

And third , do n't let the tour guide to take all the control over the itinerary because they can be like a father carrying little children .
I have been seeing tour guides that do n't give any flexibility to the groups .
Being in other countries and other cultures the group wants to experiment the new environment , especially at night if they want to have a party , and not having someone to tell yor `` time to go to bed '' .
Have you ever seen a depressed young person or a merry old man ?
Many of us would answer positively to this question .
I believe that enjoying life is not restricted to young people , though many of the joyful activities would certainly need enthusiasm and energy supposed to be abanduntly found at the younger age .

Through our life we face many happy incidents , as well as difficult moments that assist in formulating our attitude in life .
Still I strongly believe that enjoying life is a choice we make on our own .
All of us face moments of exhilirating happiness and others where we would be under the impression that we are living in a nightmare .
Unfortunately , such moments will not come evenly or suqeuentially , so as to get prepared .
That is , none of us can be happy or depressed all the time so better make a choice to enjoy life as it is , no matter your age is .

To substantiate the above said I will tell you the story of two of my dear relatives that unfortunately passed away last summer .
The story is about my dear uncle and aunt who were in their late seventies .
My aunt was divorced with very limited material resources to support her children , still she managed to bring up two young gentlemen and a beautiful lady and enjoyed her late days with her two grandsons , though her health was declining fast especially during her last days where she lost her eyesight .
Still she made a choice to enjoy living every moment of her life , I have never seen my aunt complain or grumble of her circumstances and in the end she died with dignity .

On the contrary , my uncle who was with ample financial resources , four sons and daughters and seven grandsons / grand aughters was complaining all the time .
Unlike my aunt he never remembered any of his achievements in life , he would always see what was missing and start blaming circumstances or his sons and daughters .
In the end he died so upset after having a big quarrel with one of his sons .
What a waste !
But it was his choice .

In brief , enjoying life has nothing to do with age , it is a choice we make .
A choice to make to get to know how to get the utmost happiness of the blessings God bestow on us and live peacefully with life 's inevitable hardships .
\
Whether or not successful people try new things and take risks is a complex issue .
While someone might argue that only doing the the things what they already know how to do well provides them a lot of advantages , it can also be said that trying new things and taking risks can lead them to way of success .
Both sides of the issue have advantages and disadvantages but i think that trying new things and taking risks is the better choice .

First of all , at present we live in a world where every thing is getting harder day by day .
It is getting harder to go to university , if you can go to universtiy this time it is hard to find a new job for yourself .
Furthermore there are thousands of people who does almost the same things as you do .
That is , if you are a bank worker there are thousands more bank workers who do the same things as you do everyday .
At this point what differ you from the rest is your courage .
If you are strong enough to take risks and try new things u can open up the way of success .
Forexample maybe you borned in a farmer family and grew up in a rural area however it is not your destiny to be a farmer if you are strong enough to choose the way of studying and working hard you can open up a small company and be the boss of your own company and maybe you will have chance to be a boss of a huge company which trades with thousands of firms from allover the world

Last but not least , life is a risk on its own .
Nobody can know that what will happen a minute later .
Therefore , we can not predict what can happen as a result of a decision we make .
We are the only one who can be ended it .
While we spend enough energy and time over the steps we decided to take we can be successful at the end .
Forexample , you can start with a bussiness of trade if you really work to achieve something there is no reason left for being unsuccessful .
Only u have to work on it hard and do not give up against the problems

Overall , i think that successful people try new things because they know that clear u can not reach the top with the things everybody does .
trying new things is the key of the way of success .
It is true that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I do agree with this statement .
To make commurcial is one of the most investment for concerns .
They have to show their product from the best side for selling it easily .
You can do that with making advertisements .
It is depend on the quality how you make it .
You have to reach the style of the community .
It has to be an eyecatcher when you looking at it so that you can say '' I want to buy that ! ''
For example , I make an advertisement for a drink .
First of all I have to think about it how could I make it so , that the people would buy it immediatly .
One criteria could be the size of the advertisement .
Another one could be the color .
The style and the location is also important .
It has to speak on the community .
So then when I am done with the advertisement and it really looks tasty , actually no one really know the taste in it .
So it could be very sweet or to sour or so on .
Nobody knows the taste before they try it .
So it is a kick for the people to buy the product and to taste it because on the advertisement it seems good and it makes you to buy it .
That is actually the danger on advertisements .
Of course this example does not show a big danger but what about a holiday advertisement ?
Advertisements make everything that the trip sounds perfektly and the price is also okay so people book the trip and when you go there you see the realities about the hotel or the location or what ever , which is not true with the advertisement .
That could be a danger .

Anyway without advertisements the economy would be getting down and no one could sell their product anymore .
Conclusion : Advertisements should not make products seem much better than they really are .
I am conviced that students should understand ideas rather than learn facts .
Nevertheless , I think that it is often worth paying attention to facts and , more precisely , regarding them as a strating point for a deeper study .

First , I think that learning facts without trying to deeply understand their origin is useless .
For instance , in economics , there are lots of facts concerning the way unemployed agents behave when they try to get information about vacant jobs .
When I was at the university , I have been precisely told about the percentage of workers that use word of mouth communication to get a job instead of formal means of getting information ( newspapers , unemployment agencies and so on ... ) .
To know such a percentage is really useless but makes more fundamental questions emerge .

When a student understands the ideas and concepts that lie behind an observed fact , he really develops his capacity to adapt to different problems and situations .
He is then able to analyse a greater number of situations than the number he could have analysed learning the fact itself .
To restrict his attention to facts prevent him from developing his autonomy .
I disagree with this statement .
I think it is much more important to learn facts that actually illustrate an idea , than to understand concepts and ideas .
Indeed , the latter are abstracts and thus , more difficult to memorize .
On the other hand , a fact talk from itself .
Once

For example , in marketing we are taught a lot of theories which are said to make a product more attractive , or to make a firm more succesfull ; we have to learn these theories by heart which is difficult for a lot of students , as they do n't have the opportunity to actually test this idea .
Fatcs would actually help them to understand each and every step of the theory , and understand why there has to be a theory by practicing .

This way of learning is what students of work-study programs experienced .
They are taugh a lot of examples about the theory they are about to learn , and they have to practice what they are learning , and to learn what they practice .

For instance , they will spend two weeks at shool , during which they will analyse several examples on a selected topic , and learn the theory .
The next step will be two weeks at workduring which they will have the chance to try , experience , and test what they have been taught .
And this process happens every month .

This method makes it more easier for the students because they have the opportunity to put their knowledge in practice .
And if they do n't understand a point during class , they will have the opportunity to get to understand it during their practice weeks , and to ask proffessionals about the question .

Learning facts should be the first step in the learning-process , followed by the theory step , and then , by the put-in-practice step .
There are two ways of learning nowadays ; either students learn in books and understand some ideas , or they learn thanks to work experience and special facts which is more important and relevant for me .

Personnally , with my student formation , I have had the chance to experience both .
In an engineering school , you attend theoretical courses during a part of the year and then you have to perform an internship to go to the next level .
The theoretical courses explain the ideas and concepts used in different companies and the internship gives the possibility to work on special facts , which put together make your own experience .

At first I would say that the experience in a company , with some problems or special facts you have to face , is more relevant that some courses .
But after reflection , I would say that we need both .
It is not possible to learn and be able to face problems if we just attented some courses in class for a few years .
The real experiences are essential to learn the best way and get the best skills .
One can use all the theoretical courses we have had during the student formation and then make everything in practise on a real case .

Learning just by studying special facts is also not complete enough because it does not give the necessary skills to face other problems .
The skills used to explain or solve some facts are only for that fact in particuliar but they are different with other problems .
And it is impossible to study all the facts that can possibly exist .
That is why the ideas and concepts learned in theoretical courses are important .

So I think there has to be a balance between what is learned in theoretical courses and the experience lived outside the universe of school .
They are both needed to have a great formation and great ideas , but they can not work seperately .
Each student has to take ideas and skills thanks to his teachers but also with his own experience which gives more human values than theoretical ones .
This statement typically reflects the fight between ideas and facts .
As far as I am concerned , learning ideas and concepts is much more useful for a students than learning facts .

If I take an experience of mine , that will examplify what I mean .
I am currently a student in a great French business School , and particularly focused on Corporate Finance .
I attended scores of theoretical classes , mainly about great financial concepts .
For 6 months , I have been a trainee as financial analyst , in mergers & acqusitions , in HSBC .
I have quickly come to the conclusion that all the courses I attended were really usefull .
I mean that , professionnally , facts concretely do not teach anything , whereas ideas and concepts create those facts and explain them .
It is obviously more important to have learned how to valuate a company than to have learened how much Coca Cola is valuated .

Moreover , ideas and concepts make one 's mind more open .
They make one 's mental boundaries broader .
From a combination of ideas may stem a lot of new ideas , innovation and creation .
But hardly nothing stems from facts , except facts and history .
Facts are worth in themselves , whereas the worth of concepts and ideas results from the innovation they allow .

Eventually , some facts are clearly important to know and understand things .
But to really and fully understand the French Revolution in 1789 , for instance , one must have previously learned all the ideas and concepts prevailing in the Revolution , such as the absolute monarchy or the emertging philosophy of `` les Lumieres '' .
The Revolution is not just a succession of facts , and just learning the very dates of it is obmitting the true essence of the Revolution , what it really implied , the consequences it had for the life at that day , but also fur us , French people , today .
In my opinion the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
The other option would be to go alone or in a small group of two to three people without a tour guide .
The advantages of travelling in a group led by a tour guide are :
1. The vacation time will be utilized efficiently .
2. We can concentrate on sightseeing and enjoy more .
3. It is safer
4. We may get discounted tickets for tourist attractions .
Let me elaborate on these points .
Since , the tour guide is well familiar with the tourist destination , he can make a detailed schedule of our day to day activities .
Also , he will manage our time in such a way that we are able to visit all the important points of attractions .
And because he will be involved in planning and driving we can spend more time relaxing and enjoying .
This is specially important for couples , as they will get more quality time to spend with each other .
On the contrary , if you travel alone or in a small group without a travel guide , you are responsible for managing all aspects of the trip .
This may lead to inefficient planning and waste of time .

It is also safe to travel in a group and with a person who is aware of good and bad neighborhoods .
One of my friends once went to a foreign country for vacation .
He did not arrange for a tour guide .
Unfortunately , he was mugged the very first day of his trip and was stabbed in the stomach too .
Thus , ruining his vacation plans completely .

Additionally , most of the tour guides have contacts with local merchants and attraction managements .
Hence he may be able to arrange for discounted food and entertainment tickets .
Who does n't like to save some extra money ?

Finally , I would like to repeat that I strongly suggest travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
I agree with this statement even though I personally preffer traveling by myself to joing the package tour .
I agree with this statement with some reasons in the terms of price , security and the time .

As the first reason to agree with this statement , it can be said that if you join the package tour , it sometimes is much cheapter than organising and planing by yourself because you can get `` group/party discount '' .
Moreover , the travel companies know which place to go or to eat so that the tour price will not to be too expensive .
Some people believes that it will be cheapter if you organise by yourself but it is not the 100 percent case .

Second point is about the security .
Even if you get the insurance when traveling by yourself , you still might face the danger especially when you travel the places you are not familier to .
In the case of group tour , however , the tour guide knows much about the place and it is the tour guide 's responsibility to take the customers safe to the trip .
Many elderly people seem to join package tour due to this security matter .

Thirdly , if you join the package tour , you do not have to spend any time to organise the tour and to book for accomodation and so on .
And most of the case , the package tour includes famous and popular tourist place to go and moreover , the tour guide will explain things such as historical background od the place they visit and so on .

As I stated above , there are many advantages when you join the package tour led by a tour guide but there are also some disadvantages .
First , if you joing the package tour , you cannot and you do not have to communicate with local people .
By communicating with local people , you can experience many things such as local life and you can get much information .
And in the best case , you can be a friend of them .

Second , you cannot see the place other than the places which are not included to the schedule .
I still agree with this statement but I also think it depends on people .
The way for many students to reach good results is to learn facts and reproduce them when they are asked to .
In general , I never was a friend of just learning facts without understanding the background .
But I must agree , that it depends on the topic , which is the best way to learn .

When learning a language for example , you have to learn the vocabulary .
Or when studying medecine , you ca n't get along without just learning the whole anatomy .
The same case is when learning about history , there are some facts that you just have to keep in your mind .
But : It 's only the preparation to be able to work .
You will work with the anatomy or the historical facts , that you learned .

I think , it is much more important to understand the idea of an concept .
That is the only way , to be critical with ideas , to think about it and maybe even to innovate or improve it .

At the week-end , I 'm an instructor of First Aid at the German Red Cross .
I never say to the participants of my courses : That is the perfect way to handle a medical problem .
As an example , I would like to tell about the `` stabile Seitenlage '' , which probably can be explained as laying a consciousless person in a stable way on the side .
Very important to me is to make the people understand , what are the dangers of loosing their mind .
And to solve these problems , we think about possibilities against these dangers .
Finally , the technic called `` stabile Seitenlage '' is a proposition of me , how the dangers of beeing `` bewusstlos / consciousless ? '' can be handled .
But if a person has understand WHY `` Bewusstlosigkeit '' is dangerous and what can be done against it , he is always able to find a solution even when he ca n't remember the technic of the `` stabile Seitenlage '' .

For an ingenieur , who wants to ameliorate for example a car , it is not enough to know about the facts of the car ...
60 hp , maybe 1.100kg and so on .
He must have understood the idea of the concept , how the car works , to be able to change anything .

In summary , I think you always have to learn some facts and keep them in your mind first , but when you want to reach at a higher level , you absolutely must see `` behind '' the facts , you have to understand the concepts and ideas .

And often , you have to understand the concept only once , and you can solve any problem by logical thinking .
You can learn all the results of mathemathical terms by heart , or understand one time , how the calculator functions : - )
I definately agree with the statement that the traveling in group by a guide is the best , even though some people think they would like to make a trip individually .
There are two reasons for this : cost of the travel and the chance of making friends .

Firstly , I would like to point out that the cost of the group travelling is lower that that of private travelling .
In many famous sightseeing places , there are discounting systems .
For example , the fee to see a famous garden in Kanazawa , Japan is 1000 yen for individual visitors but is 300 yen for group visitors .
Furthermore , the rent of the sightseeing bus is extremely inexpensive .
In general , the rental cost is set cheaper for the group travellers .
If a traveller is going to take a bus or train , he or she has to pay more money to move to the other places .

The second reason is that we have many chances of making good friends during the group travelling .
In the bus or train , a tour guide is generally explain the history and the viewpoint of the next visiting place .
The member of the group can listen to the explanation and discuss what they would like to see .
This conversation will help people to make friends .
During my group trip to Kyoto , I talked to many ladies and discuss the history of the city .
They listened carefully and want to know more about it .
After the trip , I married one of them .
Moreover , we will have a chance to sharing the experience of the travel .
We can exchange the e-mail address to others to send pictures .

For all reasons , a group travelling is the best .
I agree with the fact that young people enjoy life more than the old people do .
Age is an important factor in a person life and it , in many ways the way he leads it .

Youngsters have a zeal and enthusiasm in them within them and look at life with hope and happiness .
It is the ideal age to experience life and each day gives a new chance for a new attempt and each attempt gives a new moral .
Generally people under their 30's , have the hope that they can achieve their goals and also they believe that they have the energy to do it .
It is this energy that corporate multinational organisations look for .

A typical senior citizen would lack enthusiasm and zeal in their lifeand this dullness is quite natural .
They have already tasted the variety in life and anything gets boring when one gets used it .
Very few things seem new to them and this makes life quite spiceless .

The physical conditions of youngsters helps them to enjoy life a lot better .
They have the agility in their bodies and more importanly they have better immunities that helps them stay healthy .
The bodies of the senior citizens lack agility and they are more prone to irregular blood pressures , heart attacks , diabetes etctec .
They have to constrain their activities and due to this they may not be able to enjoy life to the maximum .

The biggest problem with the old is the feelin of being unwanted .
Old people may have the feelin of loneliness and may feel dejected as they may lose their friends , partners , parents , The busy schedule of thier children and the other beloved younger group , worsens this feeling .
This feeling could stop them from enjoying life .
Th younger lot have the beloved ones with them and spending time with them brings back color to the otherwise dull life .
Psychologies change with age and it is not possible for the senior people to have the same psychology they had in thier youth .
So .
they might not have the same joy and cheerful life they had in theri youth where they would move round with friends , partying and also a trying to make an image of thier own the society .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only dong what they already know how to do well .
I think it is because successful people are generally curious and always want to learn more about things .
Moreover they quickly get borried if they always stay in the same area of expertise .
and they are people who like the perfection .

I think people have to be curious to succeed , that 's why they want to try knew things .
They always want to know more .
For example , a successful doctor will be the one who will have the curiosity to perfectly understand a disease and who will have the curiosity to developp research on the disease .

Moreover , successful people rapidly get borried with the things that they know how to do well .
They want to change and try new things and take risks because it gives them some adrenaline !
They are looking for some originality instead of always doing the same thing .
For example , a successful actor will look for a role very different than the one people are expexted in him , it will gives him some excitement and show some qualities that people do n't know of him .

Successful people try new things and take new risks because they want to have the feeling to improve themselves .
If they always do the same things , they can have the feeling of stagnation .
taking some risks is a way to improve himself .
Moreover , they often are people who like the perfection and they are always looking for projects that could help them becoming better in their area .

In conlusion , I agree with the statement that successfull peole want to try new things and take some risks to
I do agree with the statement that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
This I concluded from my own personal experience , and the personal experiences of my relatives and friends .

I have , on several occassion , actually purchased , a whole range of products , like lipstick , soaps , detergents , clothes , etc , after having seen them being advertised on TV .
But on most occasions , I was not happy with the product in hand , they simply did not match the quality that they claimed in the advertisement .
In a leading brand shampoo advertisement , for example , It was claimed , that the regular use of the shampoo for a months time , would lead to the complete dissapearance of dandruff .
Believing this claim , I bought the shampoo for my self , and used it as advised .
But the results , were very un satisfactory , after its use not only did the dandruff problem continue to persist , it had in fact much worse than what it was before it 's use .
Similarly , a leading health drink brand , in its advertisement claimed that , this was , by far the best health drink availble in the market , and it tastes much better than any other brand .
Falling pray to their claim , I changed my brand of health drink .
I purchased this , Instead of the one that I had been using for a long time .
To my surprise , I found almost no differece between the two brands , not only this , there was no added health advantage I recieved form the usage of this brand , which I did not recieve from the usage of the earlier one .

My relatives , friends , and many of you as well will have similar experiences to recount .
Indeed advertisements make tall claims about the products , and they have ways to make their products look much better than they actually are .
For example , let us talk about a leading brand energy bar advertisement .
In this add they show a well built athlete , on the race track , sand claim that we can be like him we use the energy bar .
But some thinking will tell us , that there is nio way of guessing how the athlete got his health .
A sneak into the athleats personal life will tell us that .
Not the add

Advertisement , should not be belived , they are there to sell products , and to do that they can go to any extent to make thir product look better than those of their competitors .
As a result of which most end up making tall claims about the product and make the consumer buy these .
After susequent use the consumer realises the product is not as good as it was claimed in the advert
i disagree with the statement that young people nowadays donot give enough time to helping their communities.the reasons which i quote for supporting this statement are as follows :

firstly , coming to the family they live in , they dedicate enough time towards their family members and help them in all possible ways .
for example if a boy from a family is asked to take his grandmother to a hospital for a medical checkup , he makes time and takes her .
also he helps the family in getting the necessary household items , paying of bills like current , water , house tax etc . ,

secondly , coming to the friends community the young people make time in enjoying with the friends , help them in preparing for the exams , also clarify the doubts if any amomg themselves .
they can develop good communication skills and team work by dedicating time for their friends and helping them .

suppose a youth is enrolled in the blood donation community he registers his blood group along with all his detalis .
if anyone is in dire need of a very rare group of blood , and if that person asks him for his blood he shall definitely donate his blood .

not only are these the examples , there can be many examples which we find recently .
for example coming to the orkut online access community , i am a memeber of it .
i also became a member of many subcommunities like toefl ibt , ms spring 2007 , visa online .
i fine the members of those communities answering actively to my queries like what are the rules of toefl ibt , how is this different from cbt , how should i apply to universities , which are the best , which is the best time for attending a visaic interview , etc. many youth helped me in finding a solution to many problems i faced .

youth nowadays behave more responsibly .
donate money to age old homes , destitute , blinds etc. , they help these communities one wat or the other by voluntarily servicing them .
many take great people like mother therasa , gandhili as their role models and try to identify these great people in themselves

in summary , i say that there will be youth nowadays who doesnt give enough time to help their communities .
this may be because they might be unable to find the time for their communites or may be they might be busy with some important schedules , which they have to definitely attend to .
also helping communities may involve money which many cant afford .
otherwise , many youth find happiness in helping out their communities and they can cherish these memories for long .
I have a very close example in my family that it is important to try new things and to take risks .
In fact my father has adopted this rule , and he is a succcessful man .
But I think that you can try great challenges when you are able to manage all your skills , so to do well some things is necessary to be successful but not enough .

Moreover I think that to do new things in every situation in our life is an exciting way of life .
In fact this approach allows to open the mind and to think with a wide vision .
Therefore travelling a lot , meeting new people and frequently changing the job is a way to improve ourseves .
In fact it is possible to enhance our skills and to solve better every new problem .

On the other hand taking risk is an art and a personal skill , but it is essential to become successful .
In fact doing a challenging thing and being everey time under pressure probably can extract our best and compete with greater force .
I thing that an intresting example of `` taking risks '' is Napoleon , who was the greater General of History .
He was able every time to choice the winning way , which was a non conventional strategy , which presented many risk but also the possibility to gain a great success .
He was also able to communicate this approach to his army , so to transform the success of one man , to the success of an entire Country .

In conclusion I think that an aggressive and competitive approach is the best solution to try to reach success , even if it is also necessary to have some luck .
For these reasons , hoping to become a successful man , I 'll use this set of suggestions also on my normal life , both on work and during social realtionships .
In fact I like competition and taking reasonable risks and I want to learn and do new things every moment .
Why does a person acquire knowledge ?
I would say , so that it can be used in living a better life , and if possible making that possible for others as well .
Which , then takes us to the question of which is better , a generalistic or specific .

I think the answer is , a mix of both .
It is really very difficult not to grow up acquiring a broad knowledge or understanding of various academic disciplines as we move up through school and college .
We do end up studying different subjects and that is good as it makes us aware of a whole lot of basic information etc. about so many fields of study that have close bearings on our lives .
It is also this stage that prepares us towards understanding what these various subjects deal with and consequently which we find ourselves interested in .
So , some amount of broad broad knowledge is generally built in to our academics .

However , specialisation in a particular subject also invariably happens at a later stage in college or university .
I think that in the world we are living in , it is more and more becoming essential to specialise in a subject so that you have market for your skills in the job market .
With the current levels of specialisation that the advances in science and technology has brought about in our work lives , it is nearly impossible to be very good at two things .
Not only have you to chose early in life whether you want to study medicine , enginering or music but you have to decide soon enough in your chosen stream what specialisations you are interested in .

If we take the example of the field of midicine , till two or three decades back , majority of the doctors start practicing as a generalist after an MBBS degree .
The ones who did go for a specialisation would generally chose from being a physician or a surgeon or gynaecologist and less then a dozen other specialistions .
But todays world of medicine has more than a dozen specialistions each for phisicians and surgeons .

To conclude , i would say that the world today belongs majorly to a specialist and hence the importance of specialising and in fact super specialising in a subject .
We however , should also realise the importance of having people with broad knowldege of things amonst us to fill in key places .
In my opinion , young people in various communities from several cultures become less concentrated on their communities and this should be conceived as one of the main sociological concerns for the societies in the world .
So I do totally agree with the statement put front .

As countries develop economically and socially and relations within the society in question becomes more complicated in various terms .
The young people are getting isolated from their own communities .
However this situtaion is valid for all of the societies .
And this concept is getting affected from a wide variety of sub factors ranging from governmental policies aiming the country match up with the rest of the world , to easiness to reach information with the help of the technological advances .

In a world surrounded with above-mentioned conditions , the young people are put forward in a race of getting the best in every field .
With this motivation , the young people mainly concentrate on themselves rather than participating in assistance activities towards their communities .
Rather they do deal with studying a lot , getting into other activities towards self development , attending new classes , etc .
Of course it should not be asserted that this kind of activities are bad but their role on affecting youth should not be underestimated .
To decrease the negative impact , there should be some incentives and couraging factors for the youth to associate with their communities and socialize .
Because by this way , the youth will find the opportunity to get interacted with its society and feel and conceive the factors and cultural aspects forming his/her society .

Within these frames , I think , the fact that youth can not assign enough time for helping their communities is mainly based on the environmental conditions as a whole and some measures can be taken by the society in order to prevent this alienation of young people to their societies .
While it is widely assumed that younger people enjoy life more than older people , I do not completly agree with this generic statement .
My stand is based on following premises .

It is true that young people have more energy and enthusiasm to enjoy life .
The most common means of enjoyment for most young people are partying , movies , adventure sports , etc .
However , older people have experienced different aspects of life , and clearly understand what gives them maximum satisfaction and enjoyment .
With limited energy they usually tend to engage in those activities that excite them the most .
The definition of enjoyment changes with experience .
While youngsters may feel that older people can not go out for for sports or parties and therefore are not enjoying , it is possible that older people enjoy the company of their family members than going out for parties .

Also , many a times , what youngsters define as enjoyment is usually what all people do for fun , and not what they themselves would like to do .
Therefore , in effect , they do what society classifies as fun , and not what makes them happy as an individual .
Whereas , there are not many set avenues of enjoyment for old people , and hence they do what they themselves enjoy doing the most .

While people are young , there is lot of uncertainity in their mind about their future .
Some youngsters may have the resources to enjoy but they are constantly busy in working toward their ambitious goals .
On the other hand , older people have their future clear in front of them .
There are not many uncertainities in life , and hence they can spend their free time in enjoying life to the fullest .

Overall , I feel that people who have the maturity to understand what gives them maximum enjoyment , have the required resources for enjoyment and most importantly know how to enjoy , are the ones who enjoy life the most .
I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are many reasons that justify this fact .
Most young people are robust and full of energy and this gives them an advantage over old people .
Enjoying life means that one can be able to do all that he or she feels like doing at any time without any restrictions for example taking part in a sporting activity , travelling , spending time with friends .
Most of these activities require one to be physically fit .

Young people do not have the same responsibilities as old people do so this will give them more chances of enjoying life for example old people have to be careful how they spend their money because they have a number of things to pay for ; electricity bills , morgage , their children 's education ...
but young people who still live with their parents have no bills to pay so whatever money they earn is directed in paying for fun trips , fancy mobile phones and the like .

Another factor that justifies the above statement is that young people are more outgoing than old people do .
For example young people are very willing to take part in new adventures that old people wont be very much at ease to do for example skating or parachute jumping or even motorbike racing .
Olp people will consider such activities as dangerous whereas young people will see these activities as a big thrill .

Companies that produce musical gadgets like walkmans , Compact disc players , MP3s consider the young people as their biggest customers so they model these gadgets in a way that only young people can use them easily and thus such technonological advancements dont favour old people making young people enjoy life more than old people .

Lastly , young people enjoy life more than old people when it comes to health issues .
Young people are very resistant to abrupt changes in weather and their immune sysytem is stronger than that of old people .
For example young people can comfortably play in the cold without having any problems but old people cant .
` Failure is the stepping stone of success '' .
Success stands on four pillars .
They are efforts , risk , determination and dedication .
Without these factors it cannot be achieved .
As a coin has two faces , even there are two faces to acheive success .

One face of achieving success is by playing safe .
Look for the companies which have already flourished , became popular .
Obtain farchise of the company and open a new outlet .
By doing this we can not only get out of risk but also make profits as early as possible .
But we need to follow some prerequisites requested by the original company .
The office and the organisational structure should resemble the original company .

For example Maruthi company taking the franchise of Suziki company of japan .
As they used the brand name of Suzuki which was then the most reliable automobile in the world maruthi company bacame successful .
They had introduced Indias first small car Maruthi Suzuki 800 which has beaten all existing models then .
Thus it can be said that successful people can acieve success by not taking risk .

Adding to the above example , one more example can be quoted .
let us take Pizza Hut .
The company is located in The United States .
The franchise has been taken to set up the same in India .
Within two years of time , in all metrpolitan cities branches have been opened and they are running successfully .
So , we can say that franchise is one of the ways to achieve success without taking any risk .

Now the other face of achieving success is by taking risk .
Whenever we enter a new sector in businees arena to flourish risk must be taken .
But there are people who were successful and there are people who couldnt not taste success .
Agressive marketting strategies , best quality products and customer satisfaction are the roots to achieve success in this arena .

Reliance Industries tried to enter communications arena by introducing post pais mobile phones .
They have given the cheapest prices in those times .
Their campaigning strategies were creative .
People got attracted to their system .
Within few years reliance bacame the best mabile in India .

One more example is the founder of hotmail Mr.Bhatia .
He was the first person who introdued Email to the world .
He invested lot of money on his research and came up with fruitful results .
Had he not taken the risk of investing such a huge amount he would hvae not become successful .
RIghtnow he is running in crores .
He even expanded his business .

Hence I would like to be diplomatic with the given statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doin what they already know how to do well .
In my point of view , there will be more cars in use in twenty years than today .
There are two major reasons that can explain this : first is an economic view and second is an ecologic and scientific point of view .

More and more countries are growing up and becoming powerful economically , such as China , India ...
Their demography is very impressive and their grow up will permit more people to obtain a car than today .
The fact that the economic situation is positive contribue to the grow up of the cars market .
And more we need cars , cheaper they will be .

Nowadays , many people have a car .
I have recently read that California , where there are nearly thirty two millions peoples , counts an estimated number of twenty eight millions of cars , whcich is such important !
This asks us the problem of pollution , that could be a factor to brake the expansion .
But more and more , researchers are working on developping another alternative carburants or energy sources that will soon replace the petroil .
Indeed , other carburants issued from the agriculture and fewer polluant may be used , but they they are muite marginal and it will expand when the petroil will decline .
Furthermore , Electric cars have recently appeared , and make a very good substitute .
They are more expensive than other cars , but with the technological progress they will become cheaper and more currently than they actually are .

In conclusion I think that we will find more cars in twenty years than today , but these cars will be different because of their adaptation to the pollution and new technologies .
Since I was a little girl , I have heard and read many successful stories of different people .
I believe and agree that successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

First of all , my dance teacher always told us to get out from our comfortable zones when we are choreographing the dances .
The dancers are tend to choreograph their favorite genre .
For example , a dancer , who likes a genre of modern , has more possibility to choreograph a modern piece .
However , if that person takes a risk to choreograph a Hip Hop piece , there will also be a possibility to be a successful choreographer .
My teacher told us that we are going to research and think about the choreography if we try new things , which in this case a choreography .
Many of her students created masterpieces by taking risks ; those pieces were selected for the State festivals and other honored shows .

There is a chance to become successful , but also not successful .
It is a life .
Some people take risks and then lose their properties such as money , family , and more .
Taking risks has a huge risk .

However , if we try again and again , success will come back to us .
One of the famous cartoonist in the world , Walt Disney , had to try new things .
Because his company stole his character from him and gave it to other cartoonists of that company , he lost his job .
But , he never stopped to put efforts ; The Micky Mouse was born .
Even though he could earn so much money , he tried new things such as making a long animated film for the first time .
The things he tried had always risks , but he became successful eventually .
He was a person that if he loves his job , he will always try new things .
This is one way to be a successful .

In conclusion , we should never stop trying new things in our lives .
Even we face hardships , if we try so many times , those efforts we put will be paid off .
This is how to be successful .
Therefore , I agree that successful people are ones who try new things and take risks .
In today 's environmet , it is possible to see genaralists , generally in top positions , who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
On the other hand , some sectors are in great need of specialists who have specialized in one specific subject .
The preference of being either a genaralist or specialist depends on the sector you have been in ( or will be in ) , and your capacity to learn .

First of all , in some positions having a broad knowledge can give you some extra advantage and makes your business easy .
For example , if you are a general manager of a company , certainly you should have a broad knowledge .
You will try to manage the company in all respects such as finance , human resources , and marketing .
However , in some occupations , having a concentrated specific knowledge can give you special advantages .
For instance , if you are a musician , having a specific knowledge about an instrument will be more beneficial than having a broader knowledge on all musical instruments .

The person 's capacity to learn is the second factor affecting having either a broad knowledge or a specific one .
Some students reveals high accomplishments at school .
Moreover , they have ability in many areas .
For example , they can read a poem and make some comment on it and solve a math problem at the same time .
They have really high capacity to learn and gather .
On the other hand , some students are not successful as students mentioned above .
Generally , they have a specific talent in one area such as art or music .
Trying to give them a general education on every subjects will make them bored and unsuccessful .
Their education should be focused .
Therefore , the students who has high capacity to learn ought to take classes on many subjects and finally have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
On the other hand , the students who has a relatively low capacity to learn ought to take classes on a specialized topic and spend all of his or her effort on that topic .

To sum up , the present or the future sector of the person and his or her capacity to learn affects a person 's choice of having a broad knowledge of many academic topics or specializing in one specific subject .
I think if a person have high capacity to learn and wants to work in a sector which needs broad perspective , that person should prefer to be a generalist rather than a specialist .
While some of people prefer to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , others aim at specializing in one specific subject .
What I address here is both of them are equally important to one person .
Not only broad knowledge we need , but aslo specifical knowledge in one specific field we must own .

By broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can view the world in a total whole one .
Without broad knowledge of different subjects , we cannot comprehense the world correctly even .
There is a story available to sustain my assertment : long long ago , some blind men were talking about the real feature of a elephant .
Some of them had touched the legs of the elephant , so they said elephant was just like a great wall ; Some of them had touched the ears of the elephant , so they asserted that the elephant was just like a big plate ; Others of them had touched the tails of the elephant , so they conjured that the elephant was just like swings .
We may laugh at the conclusions made by the blind men , but we must admit that it is lacking of global views of the elephant that makes them so ridiculous .

So in my opinion , the most meaningful th of owning broad knowledge of many academic is to offer us a global view of the world , so we can march into the uncharted world without low propability to make such mistakes just like ones blind men made .

By specialized in one specific subject , we can explore the world deeper .
Without this insight , we can get nothing about the essense of the natural !
This is more important in recent years .
With the development of computers and Internet , the quantity of knowledge has explored in an incredible speed .
It is impossible for anyone to master all the knowledge of many academic subjects .
The society has shaped into a world of cooperations , for example , a car manufactory may design their engine in the US , make the tire in Indonesia , produce varieties of materials in China , and make all the matrials together into a complete car in Taiwan .
This trend has forces people to be an expert in a specific field .
From this point of view , it is very important for the contemporaries to specialize in one specific subject .

In conclusion , we must own a broad knowledge of many academic subjects to avoid some obvious stupid mistakes which are not consistent with the basic principles of many academic subjects .
At the same time , we also pursue to be a expert in one specific subject to cooperate with others and contribute to the development of society .
In our scientifically advanced world , mass media have become a major part of people 's lives .
We consume most of our information from medias like television , radio , internet and newspaper .
They all have informations for people to learn , but they also have advertisements as a part of their income .
Therefore , the advertisements on the mass medias have come into people 's lives a lot .
Although the adverisements should provide accurate descriptions of its products , they often exaggerate the positive characteristics , hiding the negative part , and suggests unrealistic possibilities to convice the customers .

On television , every channel has periods between programs to show the commercials .
I watch most of the car commercials very carefully , because I 'm interested in automobiles .
What I observe from the advertisements are the biased display of facts about the cars .
For example , a car with very low horsepower and torque is shown only the good characteristics such as fuel efficiency .
There is no way for the customer to find out how small and weak the engine is from the commercial .
Also the car company often increase the fuel efficiency by not giving the average , but the maximum value they got from their experiments , which is an inaccurate information for the customers .
Advertisments make the products look better by only giving selected and biased information .

Another example is advertisements lik the Nike commmercials .
The sports equipment brands like Nike hires famous sports stars in their advertisements to connect the performance with their product .
They show great actions of sports stars like Andre Agassi and show their products saying the their great performances are derived from the use of their products .
It convinces the viewers that the products can also increase their performance as much as the sports stars ' .
These kinds of suggestions fabricates the product as a much better good than it really is .

In conclusion , advertisements are a method for the producers to sell more of their goods .
Therefore it is obvious for the produicers to make their products good better in order to increase the demand .
The car advertisements with selected and bias information make the customers believe the product is a better car until they find out the negative characteristics on their own .
Also the Nike commercials with sports stars convince the viewers that the product is good enough to help them become like the stars , which is highly unlikely .
I do n't believe making the products look better is neccessarily bad unless they present true information , because it is the whole point of advertisement and competition between brands to earn more money .
Young people stand for the future of one society .
It is worthy of discussing what they do when they are free .
Recently there are many reports of younth consumption of luxury purse and cosmetics in Taiwan .
Young people are depicted as egocentric and indifferent to social conditions in such reports .
Is it true that the youth nowadays are no longer embodiment of passion to change the world ?

Examining carefully , there are many examples of enthusiastic young men to help their community .
For instance , a group of sophomore and junior students in Yang Ming Medical College annually visit Yu Li Asylum to support therapists there .
The prepartion begun at least one year earlier .
These future doctors learn not only from textbooks but also from interacting with patients .
They are not satistfied with a knowleage of disease and therapies ; human beings are their ultimate concerns .

Since some young people contribute their leisure to those who are in need , then where does the myth of aloof youth come from in Taiwan ?
I think there might be some reasons behind the prejudice to young people .
Nowadays young people are more daring to express their discontent to social realities than their parents did .
But our society regards these opinions as pure complaint , a symbol of arrogance .
This is the first mistake ,

Although some young people are busy indulging in various kinds of luxures , others are dedicated to improvement of where they live .
It is not fair to deny the effort made by young people tip a tag of laziness .
So I ca n't agree that young people nowadays do n't give enough time for their community .
Young people nowadays tend to be less helpful to the community .
I think there is quite a variety of reasons for that phenomen .
Firstly , time nowadays is quite rare .
There is a wide range of persons and institutions that require our time .
From child to adult people have to do a lot of education and gain some practical experience .
At the beginning of a lifetime parents and teachers want us to learn .
Some years later job is requiring additional education .
It seems as if education is always a main topic in a life .
Nowadays things are getting faster and more is being expected .
This prevents young people from investing time in projects that limit their own educational and spare time .

Secondly , especially in cities live a lot of people .
For inhabitants of cities it is not possible to know all or just a large part of them .
But before people deside to help someone , they often want to know at least some details about who is going to have an advantage .
As long as you do not know who is going to have an advantage , you need a lot more of encouragement .
I made that experience as well when I was learning for my exam .
I choose a quite room in Zurich to study .
But I had to find out that a lot of people just do not care about others .
Their first aim was to get their problem solved , which required a talk to other people .

Furthermore , society nowadays does not really expect us to help community and therefore does not honor it if we do so .
Finally , it can be said that a lot of people - as long as they do not get an immediate return on their help - are not ready for providing assistance in any form .
Over the past centuries , pedagogues all over the world have been discussing whether it is more effective for students to understand ideas and concepts or to learn the facts about things .
This debate has not been won by one side or the other and one can only state a personal preference on it .
Personally , I think that a child or student will gain more from understanding ideas and concepts and from being able to apply this knowledge than by a mere memorisation of facts .

To learn facts often means to memorise something written in a textbook or something heard during a lecture .
But how effective can this process be ?
Will it enable the student to apply what s/he has learned ?
I do not think that this is the case .
I went to University in Italy where the school ( and university ) system is still based on memorisation and in my experience , students there will learn facts , memorize them until their exam is due and then forget about them .
In most of the cases , they were not able to apply what they have learned .
An example : they were very good in the subject of English grammar , knew the difference between all four German cases , but when it came to speak English or German , they would not be able to pronounce a correct phrase .

The learning of facts can often be very boring .
The student has to concentrate to memorize something s/he might not even understand ; often it is a theory that s/he can not relate to .
To learn the facts is important because it gives the student necessary background information , but it is much more fun for a student to discover some facts for him/herself .
In a kindergarden class , the kids would definitely be more interested to have a frog in their classroom , to observe the animal and learn about it this way than by reading about it in a textbook .
They would understand much better what the teacher is talking about if they can experience it in person .

Of course it is important to learn facts .
But in my opinion it is a traditional , rigid way of learning that often does not respect the inborn curiosity of ( young ) students .
Like in many other cases , a mixture between both theories would be a good solution .
First , the facts should be told .
Then ideas and concepts should be understood by the student , so that s/he can apply what s/he has learnt earlier .
After all , life is not just about facts , but about the ideas and concepts that lay beneath these facts as well .
A guided travel group seems attractive to many people , and for obvious reasons .
You will , if all goes well , travel with likeminded people , you know ahead of time what you will be seeing and that your hotel will be reasonably clean , you often pay less for group travel than if you plan individually , and you have fewer safety concerns .
Finally , you expect to have a knowledgeable guide who will not only know the local language and provide extensive information about the area you will be visiting but will also help navigate the gritty organizational details that crucially affect whether you will have a good travel experience .

However , travel groups have their problems .
There may be clashes between group members , and if you are not extremely lucky , you will have a lot of forced socializing .
There will be little discovery or surprise to your trip , most likely you will learn nothing of the foreign language , and it will be virtually impossible to change your itinerary once you have started out .
Often , group travel will limit your exposure to foreign cultures because package deals are streamlined , usually not for authenticity but for profit .
Maybe the most critical issue is the guide .
You do not know what kind of person you will get ; if you are unlucky , he or she will be insensitive , ill-informed , and generally badly organized .
Tour guides are not well paid , so the chances to get one with a passion for good guiding is rare .

I think the decision which to choose depends very much on the personality of the traveler .
If you enjoy meeting new people and do n't mind the streamlining , then group travel is a nice way to keep your budget low .
On the other hand , if you 're a hardcore individualist , you will not want to consider it .
That is more or less where I stand : I love wandering off into side streets and being face to face with the unfamiliar .
I also like exploring new languages , even if I have to improvise .
I would travel in a group only if I wanted to go to a country where safety , for me as a woman or generally , would be a serious concern for an individual traveler .
I agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I think the trip will be well-planned , enjoyable , and economical in this way .

A tour guide usually knows the resort well .
Therefore , he or she most likely has a good plan of where to visit , where to eat , where to take pictures , and where to stay for the nights .
I went to the Niagara Falls in a group led by a tour guide .
The guide talked about the history and formation of the Falls on the bus .
We stopped at a small and good restaurant for lunch .
In the afternoon , he took us directly to the best spots of views .
I did not spent any time looking up a map and figuring out where to go .

It is enjoyable to travel with a group led by a tour guide .
We can talk on the way .
We can also make friends with each other .
We can help each other when needed .
When I went to the Smoky Mountain last summer , we were talking and singing on the bus .
It was one of the best memories of my vacation .

It is also economical to travel with a group led by a tour guide .
People can share the expenses of renting a bus or a car .
They can share the expenses on gas and tolls as well .
Sometimes it is cheaper to buy bulk tickets than to buy each ticket individually .
For example , if a ticket costs twenty dollars for one , it might only cost fifteen dollars each if you buy ten of them at the same time .

These are the reasons why I think it is a good idea to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
Advertisement is a very important part of business nowaday and the aim is to sell .
If you turn on the television you 're most likely to fall on commercials and this is very specific of the United States .
I do think that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Just by the lightening , the way it is shot , food looks systematically better on TV or in picture than in your plate .

There aim being to sell , they are not going to tell you that , in a month , your new vacuum cleaner will be broken or that it will leave dirt on your carpet .
They want to show the best feature of the product and highlight it to the extrem .

The problem is that sometimes commercials lie and that things should be defined and ruled because when you invest money on a product and expect a lot out of it , not because you are demanding but because you have been promised something , you are in your costumer 's right to demand reparation .

It seems like there is no rule in advertisements and that lying has become a common talent but I do think that this type of practice has its dark side .

In fact , anyone can tell when a commercial is over-selling a product to the point where it gets obviously and ridiculously outrageous .
Few poeple are actually fooled by these .
We are aware of it and have come to find it rather funny .
But does this gives a bad image to the company and the product ?
I do think so .
I have a tendency to think that they are not serious with their costumers and therefore I am not interested in buying such a product .

If the first answer to `` do advertisement make products seem much better than they are ? '' was `` yes '' I would give it a second thought and say that the ridicul of most of them totally diminish the work and the money spent on what is suppose to make the product look good .

For me advertisements fail at that by failing at taking poeple serioulsly .
I completely agree with this statment .
In my opinion , education and learning has a great more impact on the student if the subject touches them emotionaly and personally .
Learning facts and reciting things memorized form textbooks can achieve nothing for the student except from giving them a shallow concept of education .

As an example , I will present a personal experience of mine that has actually happened to me .
In one lesson of personal study , we , as a class , touched upon the subject of animal rights .
I never had any thoughts on this subject before and reading a essay written on the subject in a text book , i still had no idea and opinion on the subject .
Reading from the textbook established by the school gave me no understanding of the subject .
But later on in the week the teacher took us on a trip to a animal shelter called the BSPCA .
There , i saw animals that were actually under a lot of stress and animals that have been abused in the past .
From that experience i learned a real lesson and actually understood the idea and concept behind the subject and from that i realized that what really is important in a lesson , is the amount you understand rather than learning facts and getting an A * on a test .

This is parly why i think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Actually understanding a subject can help build character , history , personality and values in a character .
On the other hand , learning facts from a textbook can only make a copy of an unoriginal being that believes in some one elses views ( the person who wrote the facts , or a fact that has no personal appeal ) .

The major reason that makes me believe that this statement is true is that the people around me and myself have many stories to tell , and the reason that people have stories to tell is because they have learnt , understood and experienced ideas and concepts that merily , definetly , did n't come from a textbook full of facts .

In conclusion , I absolutely agree with with the following statement :

`` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ''

because of the several reasons listed above .
What 's the goal of advertising ?
Selling , is n't it ?
Every punch-line , every jingle , every smiling girl or playful baby is used to sell us a product as a mean for obtaining satisfaction and , eventually , happiness .
Of course advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
But is it enhancing its qualities they only thing they do ?
Or do they work our minds in a much more complex and wicked way ?
We should n't ask ourselves if advertisments are the result of lies , because the answer is quite evident .
We should ask ourselves how they affect us and how to deal with them .

What publicity tries to do is not making us believe that their product is the best in the market , we can verify their promises by going to a local store .
What they really try to do is to sell us values and life-styles along with the product .
Venezuelan beer comercials are the best example I can think of .
Their target is young people , so they take activities young people tipically do , like going to to beach or partying .
Then , they create a clever and delicate web of images , phrases and situations that work our minds into believing that consuming that beer will make us cooler , funnier and more outgoing .
Drinking beer makes us into everything we 've always dreamed .
The sexy lady who drives boys crazy , or the stud that hooks up with ten girls on a single night .
Beer equals fun , like in a mathematical equation .

Of course , this process does n't occur at a conscient level , it 's way more subtle .
At the beginning we may not feel particularly atracted by the product , but after some parties where the situations showed in the ads repeat themselves contantly - Marketing geniuses make sure that they do - we are unwillingly drawn to it .
We start drinking , we feel confident and then we become consumers .
Advertisements have achived their goal .

The beer story is only a small fragment of the world of comercialization in the modern world .
There are ways of persuading people to consume that we ca n't even imagine .
So , what should we do ?
Should we leave the cities and assume an amish way of living ?
Should we deny civilization and return to a Roussaunian state of nature ?
I do n't think the answer must be that radical .
It all lies in our capacity of being critical , of seeing the thin threads intended to manipulate us and deciding whether to accept them or not .
Luckily , we are provided of freedom and capacity of choice , therefore we 're not determined by the influence of publicity , no matter how hard marketing geniuses try .
We must ask ourselves if we want to be comercial puppets or if we want to decide our visions of life and our social behaviour .
Both choices have their advantages and disadvantages , its up to us to decide who we want to be : The stud in the club or the outsider glaring full of contempt .
I think that the statement is wrong , not because of what it tells could be false , that could be , but because it leads to a likely huge misunderstanding .
It is not difficult from the statement to infer that young people nowadays have become more selfish and less worrisome about their neighbours or communities .
That is , that they ignore the meaning of the word ` solidarity ' .
And the figures cannot depart from this idea .
A survey conducted last year gauging the enrollment of young people in projects whose aim was to improve the quality of life of the underdogs , showed that the ratios had dramatically plummeted down during the last decade .

We are unable to deny the facts , but being that said , I think that fairness should be put on stage .
It may be true that young people devote less time to help people that really need assistance , but the measure is in absolute terms , not in relative ones .

In order to shed some light on this topic , let us have a look around the duties a young person must face today in comparison to those faced by young people ten o twenty years ago .
If we do so , we will find that it is rather difficult for a young person nowadays to find time to devote to solidarity projects .
Was anybody obliged twenty years ago to speak fluently three languages to get a good job ?
Was the burden of the academic studies so heavy as it is now ?
An extremely competitive society has made people concentrate on themselves , rather than thinking to get their close environment better , not because of disengagement but because of obligation .

This fact will fix the point .
If we take a look at the number of young donors to Non Govermental Organisations ( NGOs ) we will find that the funds have soared during the last few years .
If we asess the enrollment ratios in some of them , like the Red Cross , focusing on periods of vacation like the summer , we will see a similar pattern .

To sum up , young people nowadays devote more time and resources to carry on projects to help their communities relative to the time they can afford .
The problem is that this spare time is scarce .
There is a lack of hours , not of eagerness .
I agree with the statment that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Today , mass media has a great power on human being .
Boys want to wear Nike shoes because Michael Jordan wears it on TV and girls want to buy some specific type of dress , for example , Levi 's low rise jeans because Jenifer Lopez or Brittany Spears wear it on TV .

If those products , such as Nike shoes or Levi 's low rise jeans , were not on TV or magazine , I do not think they would sell like that much even though they had still same quality .

We watch TV almost everyday and the commecial says that we can be as good at basketball as Machael Jordan if we wear Nike .
TV tells us that we can be as pretty as Brittany Spears or Jennifer Lopez only if we wear Levi 's low rise jeans .

There is Korean saying that `` if the food looks good , it makes taste great . ''
It does not necessarily mean that the looks of food make any difference on taste .
But people are easily influenced by what we see , and it effects on what we think about the food .

I read an article about a cleaning machine when I was in Korea .
One small company invented the cleaning machine .
It was a small machine with wheels and it could go around the floor and clean up by itself .
After it came out , other big company started to make same kind of cleaning machine .
They advertised it on TV and in newspapers .
Which one would you buy , the small company 's cheap but nice one , or the big company 's more expensive , but ween on TV one ?
After the advertisement , the small company could not continue that business because people only bought the big company 's cleaning machine .
This is a true story .

Advertisements can make products seem much better than they really are because we are very easily influenced by what we see .
The statement states that broad knowledge in many academic subjects is better then in depth knowledge in one specific subject .
On the one hand the broad knowledge gives a large picture on the issue , on the other hand specilization in one subject gives an edge in the area specific to it .
However broad knowledge is better but being a specialist does n't lessen its importance .

Firstly , having knowledge about more then one academic subject or in fact many academic subjects helps a student or teacher to get a more larger view and the ability to see the things from more broader perspective .
For ex. a person knowing chemistry and biology can definitely tell better about the details of chemical reactions taking place inside the body and its effect on it as well .

Secondly , having broad knowledge helps in correlating the information from various subjects and thus enables onself to give a more holistic view of different subjects related to each other .
For instance , Physics and Mathematics are subjects which are related with each other .
Instead of merely stating the laws , if it can be proved mathematically also then it will help the audience to have better understanding of the law and thus can be easily grasped .

Finally , having broad knowledge gives an edge in making things interesting instead of just plain load of information from a specific subject .
For ex a lecturer knowing science , maths and history can definitely deliver a better and interesting lecture then a specialist of one field .

Having said about broad knowledge , it should not be overlooked the importance of specialist knowledge which is necessary when it requires to have indepth knowledge rather than just a good knowledge about many subjects .
For ex. a zeology professor explaining intricasies about the nervous system of an animal will be expected to deliver in depth knowledge about the minutiae details which obviously requires specific knowledge and not broad knowledge .

In the conclusion it can be said that it is true that broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better but that doesnt lessen the importance of specialize knowledge in one specific subject by any factor .
I believe , to be a successful person one should be capable of taking risks when it is asked for and should also be adept enough to continue doing the work which he does well .
A combination of both acts as a lethal weapon in this today 's world of excessive competion .

Person 's ability to learn new things and taking calculated risks always puts the person in a favorable position in the eyes of success .
Because success has and will favour all those who have taken risks .

For example : - consider Howard Hughes who was not only a inventor but also a imaginative thinker , who believed extensively in taking risks and also cultivating and moulding the abilities already possesed by him .
When he was shooting for the film , which when released ...
turned out to be a block buster , he had inculcated so many new things in movie which during his times were totally unthinkable off .
But not only were the risks accountable for his succes but his ability to be good at what he does and to keep on doing what he knows best helped him to direct a blockbuster .

He also took risk when he wanted to break the record for the fastest speed a plane could fly at .
This risk was not minute , but it was his lilfe which was at stake .
His expertize helped him to reduce any human errors that might increse he risk , and at last he won .
Another example is his endeavor of building the largest plane `` The Hercueles '' .
At that time he had vowed in front of an enquiring comission that if he is not capable to construct and fly such plane then he would leave the country and live in exile .
Such high were the risk involved in this task that he had to use all his expertize and he required to focus all of it into realising his goal .
That made him successful .

Therefore i totally believe that consisting of only one of the mentioned qualities might ultimately result in the person 's failure because large number of uncalculated risks would make him vulnerable as he would not be experiencing stability .
Whereas only doing the work that the person knows very well would lead to stagnation of mind and imaginative power of the person .
Thus a heathy mixture of both the qualities would be the right formula for a person to be successful .
The number of cars appering on traffic is groving rapidly everyday .
Some people argue that in a near future there will be way too much cars than the roads and cities can support .
However this is not the only idea on the issue .
Some people has firm beliefs that in two decades , the number of cars will reduce .
I agree with this statement .

First , the way of living for the most people is changing substatially .
It is now possible for much more people to work at home with the improvements in technology and the Internet .
The need for going to offices everyday between certain hours is fading away .

Also , the energy supplies that are needed to run conventional automobiles are getting lesser everyday , Unless a new energy source will be found , which will also have to be very cheap , driving a car will become much more expensive than today .
The rises in the petrol prices is daily news nowadays .

Another point to mention is the negative effects of cars to the environment .
The public is getting more concerned everyday to the environment issue , and their sensitivity reflect to their lifestyles .
Most people start preferring alternative transportations such as subways , trains , or even bycycles .

Furthermore , it will not be fortune telling to predict that the governments will take actions in order to discourage people from using cars .
The negative effects of growing number of cars on traffic has serious impacts on economy .
Even today , the structures of the cities are not capable of supporting so many cars and some measures to reduce the number of cars , are in public opinion .

In conclusion , there are much more supporting reasons to predict that the demand for cars will reduce .
The ground for such an arguement can be based on economic , social and technological needs and requirements .
There is no reason for not to believe that the number of the cars will be fewer than they are today .
I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Although traveling in a group with a guide does have advantages for people who are not used to traveling , I think traveling by individuals is far more interesting and challenging .
Here below are the reasons .

First of all , if you travel with a group , it is likely that the travel agency offers you only several choices of hotels .
Whereas if you book on your own , you can chose from a vast list of hotels that most suits your taste .
You would probably have to dine in large restaurants mosty for tourists because local food establishment where they have delicious food tend to lack space to host a group .

Another inconvenient factor of traveling with a guide is that you cannot chose the sites you would like to visit .
Usually , the guide would take you to the most popular tourist sites , and not to the less famous but fascinating places .
You would also have limited time to spend at each site .

I believe the most wonderful thing about traveling is that you get to meet people from all over the world , but if you travel in a group , you are less likely to interact with other travelers .
I visited Spain this September on my own , and became acquainted with travelers from US , France , Morocco , and China on the train and at football stadiums , and we exchanged information on the best places to visit .
I still correspond with one of them .
I do not agree to the statement .
In my opinion successful people do n't do new or different things .
But they do things in a different maner than others which gives them success .
There are a lot of areas that a person can explore in his life .
He dreams to be someone in life that will take him to new heights and new horizons .
However in this process he undergoes various adaptations , learns new principles .
What matters success is the method in which it is attained .

For birth of a new thing its not always trying something new will give success .
It is the perseverence with which it is done .
Not all inventions are successful at the first time .
For example Thomas Edison invented the bulb on his hundredth attempt of his experiment .
So in this process no doubt he did invent the bulb which was a great invention in that time .
But at the same time he never gave up on his plans and attempt by attempt he rediscovered his theory behind the electric bulb .

There are many scientists , archelogist , poets wo were not given the recognition they deserved on their inventions .
Many times they were discouraged by the society to bring about changes .
So society also molds life of a person .
So in my opinion a person has to leave behind all the blocks that try to hinder his performance .

Positive attitude also plays a major role in anyones success .
There are many negative elements in the society which always brings the marale of a person down .
For success to happen a person has to be dedicated in his aim .
He should act accordingly to attain his objectives .
Moreover trying new things does not alone bring success .

The circumstances in which a person attains his plans of life also play a major role .
There is always a difference between a man that is self made and a man who has readily got an establishment from his forefathers .
The self made man with his motivation will try to evolve into something he always wanted to be .
He has his goals set and in the least favoring conditions he will move ahead with his goals .
However a man who has a readymade establishment will try to continue in the same status .
He would not try to move ahead with the given foundation .
Hence only a man who knows the techniques behind say business management or technical principles will be successful .

Hence just trying out new things and taking risk need not always bring success .
Instead a man can be significantly sucessful if he tries to do things he already knows in a different maner .
For example for a ball bearing manufacturer who has a fixed clientele can try to expand his business by setting up additional manufacturing plants and increase his clientele and the applications where the balll bearings are used .
There is a saying in the business management world that `` Not taking a risk is also a risk '' .
The timing should be adequate and the should be calculated earlier .

Hence according to me trying out new things should be on the mind of every individual but it should be accompanied by various qualities as described above to make it a big success .
Since the middle of the 20th century the number of cars on our earth has been increasing rapidly .
But is this trend going to last in the 21st century ( question mark !!! )

There are several points why I suppose that there will be fewer cars in twenty years .
Taking into account that the natural resourses like oil will definitly come to an end within the next decades and consequently the prices for fuel will increase drastically , I do n't think that normal people will be able to afford a car .
In addition , not only the prices for fule might increase , but also car taxes and car insurance .
Even today , it is hard for most people to afford a car .

Another point is that in my opinion the puplic transportation in most cities will be more supported by government in the future .
Just think of the billions of Euro the governtment puts into the Transrapid .

Having a look at our cities , the limit for cars on the streets must have been reached by now .
I can not imagine that there is space for even more cars , especially during rush hours .
Traffic jams and endless waiting is an every day image on Germanys roads , the numbers of cars must decrease by any means in the future .

Best example for a car - abbanding policy can be witnessed in Innsbruck , Austria .
There , the innercity gas pollution and noice pollution became too much .
After voting against innercity traffic , the residents of Innsbruck now have the opportunity to sit at the Maria-Theresien-Strasse and enjoy their innercity atmosphere .

In my opinion this example should be a guideline for Germany and the rest of the Western World as well .
If politicians go on to refuse spending more money on the development of more economical cars and the discovering of alternative fuels , I 'm sure that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years .
If not man is clever enough to do something against wolrd pollution , environment will strike back some day .
A few years from now , companies thought that the best way to sell a product was to make the best one .
But with the arrival of new means of communication , such as television , companies understood the importance of marketing , and more specifically of advertisement .
Now , advertisers are ready to pay more and more to have their products known and reknown .
And it is true that sometimes , they do n't hesitate to present their products with much better qualities than their real ones .

It is obvious that the consumer wants the best quality product at the best price .
But the act of purchasing a product seldom is just the act of paying it in the supermarket .
It is all the act of thinking ( even unconsciously ) to the product you are going to buy .
Marketters have understood that , this is why they want to conquer the customer as early as possible .
And in order to make him buy their product they have to show it is the best .
This is why products often seem much better in advertisements than they really are , in order to please the customer very early in his purchasing process .

In some countries , comparative advertisement is allowed .
This is the way nike showed a few days ago in the US that their shoes were better than their competitors Reebok or Adidas .
However , in scientific tests carried upon those three brands of shoes , no test revealed the best quality of nike ones .

Advertisement is the best way to convey a good image of a brand or product .
We 'll can remember the great failure of the Renault 14 in France , which was actually a good car , but for which the advertisement said : Imagine a pear .
Obviously the consumer did n't want a pear when buying a car ...
A study carried on consumers which were asked to drink , without seeing the products , one glass of Coca-Cola , and one glass of Pepsi showed that 9 people out of 10 preferred Pepsi , whereas when they were asked which brand they preferred and bought , 9 out of 10 answered Coca-Cola .
This shows the importance of conveying a good image of the brand .

However , some laws exist in order to prevent advertisers from making fake ads : they cannot say their products has this or that quality if it has not .
Finally , not omly ads , bu
In today 's world it is a debate if knowing more is better or specializing in a subject is better .
To specizlize in a subject may make you an expert about that subject but knowing little from every subject makes you only knowledgable to some degree .
Therefore the decision may depend on which one you value most .

I would value to be an expert in my field .
Knowing just a little about all subjects may give you the opportunity to talk about everything but when it comes to talking deeply , for example when somebody asks you about an important part that does not stand on surface , you may not be able to provide any answers .
If you are specialized in the subject you will be able to give the answer .
So having a broad knowledge of every subject may lead not knowing any subject fully .
And if you have missing knowledge about that subject , I think if is better not to talk .
You may be able to talk about the subject but when it comes to academic speechs , where you should show your knowledge about the topic , you may fail to give enough information .

In my opinion if a person talks about a specific question he must be knowledgable about all aspects of the question .
To be able to give specific and not very known facts is more important than repeating the facts that are known by many people .
I think repeating would be what the ones who are not specialized in a subject will do .

Moreover , today 's society gives more credit to specialized knowledge in work environments .
Firms usually prefer to hire people that completed the undergraduate level and also completed a graduate level which had given them the opportunity to specialize in their subject .
The ones who successfully completed a graduate degree , who are knowledgable about all aspects of their field of study , become the ones who are most valued in the work place .
They can find jobs more easily and they are paid more .
For these reasons people try to specialize in a specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic skills .

I would like to enjoy better working environments with earning more money and I would like to be able to talk about every aspects of my subject .
For these reasons I think specializing in one specific subject is better than having broad knowledge about many subjects .
In my view , in twenty years the number of cars will increase tremendously .
Many people believe cars to be more comfortable , and with the increase in their standard of living , in time more and more peple will be able to afford cars .
Also , the banks and other financial institutions are helping people in many ways to buy new cars in easy installments .

Firstly , I believe that a car has become a necessity for every family .
Many people consider cars to be the most comfortable and safest way of travelling .
They prefer to commute in cars , rather than using public transport etc .
Morover , it has also , become a status symbol for school and college students and people in their early twenties .
Everybody craves for a car , as soon as they get their driver 's license .
The popularity of cars has increased tremendously .
THerefore , I feel that in the coming years , the popularity of cars will definitely increase

Secondly , the economies of various countries are growing tremendously .
For example in our country , the per capita is increasingly continiusly , and is expected to grow even more in the years to come .
This will result in better job prosects , increase in the wages , and improvement in standard of living .
THus , as a result of this continious growth , more and more people will be able to afford cars .
Therefore , many people , twenty years hence will be able to buy cars or themselves , resulting in the increase of cars .

Finally , banking instituions are coming up with new schemes everyday in which people can buy cars in easy instalments THese insitutions are expected to bring better plans in the future which will help the the common man to buy these cars .
This step will defenitely lead to the blooming of the car industry .
Also , technology is improving at an extrmely fast pace .
There might be a possibility that they might introduce new cars , which are cheaper and cost-effective .
These cars will be aimed at the not so very rich people .

Thus , the advancements in the years to come will defenitely aid in the growth of cars .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .

Learning is a process of memorizing a given context or material .
Thus is memorizing is usually a short - term , learning facts will be short term as well .
Understanding a given context , helps one to adopt to it a something natural to oneself and thus doesnt require memorizing .
Understanding a concept or an idea is long term .

In my school time , during the Mathematics class i was constantly told by my professors to understand a proof or to understand a theorem , say pythagoras theorem .
He specifically told us not to memorize them .
The emphasis he laid on understanding was because even today , 8 yrs after , i am asked about pythagoras theorem , i dont have to struggle to remember it .
As i understood the theorm and didnt memorize it , it became natural to me and was embedded in my conscious and thus even today i can recall what pythagoras theorem relates to .

Another generic example that i can state is that India is cuturally diverse .
Thus people follow many different cutlures .
Its often difficult for children to learn why they should follow certain pratices that their religion demands .
For example an Hindu child would question his mother upon learning that his Cathlic friend visits the chruch every sunday morning while he doesnt .

The elders would then explain to him the reason or a concept behind the inception of a particular religious procedure which helps the child to understand his religion better and ceases the doubts that arise out of learning of a religious procedure .
The understanding of culture differences not only would help the child appreciate this own culture but of others as well .

Thus understanding of ideas and concepts help in clearing out of doubts and foster better and effective learning .
Many people say that young people these days do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
I agree with this statement because modern society is a fast-paced world , capitalism 's basis is individualism , and that many people do n't live in one place for a long time .

The first reason why I agree with the statement is because the world we live in today goes really fast .
Every day is a busy one , with not many leisure time .
Young people are busy getting their education , and adults are busy working and earning money .
This gradually leads to less noticing the community we live in , which decreases the help given by people .

Also , almost every country in the world is run by capitalism , and the basis for capitalism is individualism .
Individualim means that each person cares only about oneself , especially things that are benefitial to him .
Helping the community may be benefitial in the future , but it is not an immediate one , so people tend to not care .

The final reason is that people nowadays do n't stay in one place for a long time , so they do n't feel interested in the place they live in .
In the past , when transportation was n't very developed , a majority of people lived where they were born for most of their life time , so they love the society thay live in .
They will be happy to help the community that they have known for so long .
In contrast , it is very easy to move around in modern society , so people do n't feel the love for the community .

There are many more reasons that back up the fact that young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their community , but in my opinion , I think that these three are the main reasons .
If a community gave advantages to people who help the community more , everyone would be happy to make the community they live in a better place .
It is often said that selling products honestly is the most important commercial norm .
However , I would like to maintain that effective advertisements help the products approach to customers because I believe that packaging products is more important than the product itself and advanced promotion of the products must be crucial before their launching in markets .

First , outer appearance which can be described as packaging or design is really important for customers .
Some of them may think highly of it rather than inner elements .
For instance , we can witness modern economic conception of marketing .
It gives different values to product except the actual productive quality .
When we see the advertisement of Apple 's iPod or Starbucks , we do not only consider its flavor or taste , but their design , logo , symbols etc .
For modern customers , design must be one of the important criterions .
Therefore , great advertisements are really important to custo

Second , a new product can not be welcomed in markets without appropriate advertisements .
Customers can not purchase the product unless they know it is now available .
It is a fundamental function of advertisements of a new product .
On the other hand , I remember a falling motor company 's advertisements dramatically changed the company 's fortune .
That is Korean KIA motor company .
Although it was about to face a bankruptcy , the company 's advertisement of a new model stimulated customers ' buying desire .
We can simply see how effective advertisements provide the company with the opporunity of survival in competitive markets of motor companies .

In summary , I would like to emphasize how advertisements are one of the fundamental steps as well as of the important choices of commerce .
I am also confident that appropriate advertisements would result in unchanging loyalty from customers .
I agree to the statement `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
In the recent age due to technological advancements many are interested to make their own future better .
In a world of competition the youth is racing towards the improvement of their own skills and they are not bothering about the sorroundings and their community .
I feel that `` Serving people is serving God ''

I feel if we spend atleast an hour of our daily life in serving the community and if everyone do that , the nation will certainly achieve its plans and become the leading of any other in the world .
`` Todays students are tomorrow 's citizens '' .
If we serve our community it is indirectly serving ourselves because we are laying the foundations of the future part of our life .

For example , take a student of age 20 .
He must be having many works , enjoying with his friends , partying every night and lots more .
He can do a lot of work at this age .
And even if he spends a 1/10 th of his time in enjoying to the communal development that would be great of his part .
Imagine the number of the youth .
They must in lakhs and each of them spending 1/10 th of his time there can be lots and lots of work to be done .
Even by doing all this they may improve their own skills and in the other way developing the nation .

The political party leaders and other higher officials are already exhausted and can do a very little work and they may many problems regarding their families and many more tensions .
But in the case of a student he has no tension , no problems and he can generate many more ideas than the older ones .
He can work a lot more and can many works like helping others , providing the basic requirements to the needless and organising some functions to create awareness of the present world and how to tackle their own life in any situation .

In this way they can do many other things which helps the society to move further .

I have a concern that the youth may be busy with their own work .
Because i myself practically face the experience .
Even though i have some time to spend on others in helping them .
I do agree that everyone have some difficulty or something other .
But if he had an idea of offering himself to the community he shall surely do that anytime .
Everyone is not aware of what the problems society is facing .
We need to create awareness among them so that atleast 10 % of the youth would be useful which would help the society to develop further .

I finally conclude that the present youth is not showing interest in such developing activities and there should be some programmes in order to create awareness which may be help the society itself develop to a higher level .
Fewer cars in twenty tears ?

Only time will show if the statement that there will be fewer cars in the future might be true .
Nowadays this seems more like wishful thinking .

During the last twenty years the number of cars has surely increased causing traffic almost to collapse and polluting the environment in an alarming way .
The way this situation has been developing , it is clear that it could not go on forever .
Happily , people become more aware of the damage the traffic and the pollution are causing and have started to rethink their relationship to their beloved car .

Since people realize that changes have to be made , they try to build groups and drive together in only one car or make more use of bikes or other transportation options such as busses and trains .

Also the government has been trying to encourage the use of other means of transportation by raising the taxes on gasoline and supporting the train or admitting tax refunds for cars that meet higher ecological standards .

Another point , that might even be the decisive one , is that the reserves of gasoline will not last forever .
Ther will come a point where there will be no gasoline left .

Despite all this , the car industry is also adapting to these problems , building car that use less gasoline or can burn hydrogene or even alcohol .
This would indicate , that there probably will not be fewer cars but different and more ecological cars .
On the other hand it would kill thousands of jobs , if the automobile industry would produce fewer cars .

As for the traffic problem , new streets and new traffic systems are beeing planned .

There are godd reasons to believe that there will be fewer cars in the future but ther also are the same amount of reasons to doubt this .

I Belive that there will not be fewer cars but it would make me happy to see that peole get more aware of the damge they can cause and use cars less than today .
I also belive that there will be a improvement on the ecological effects fo cars diminushing the polllution und the use of gasoline
Today , people use their car for everything .
Short distance as well as longer ones .
Moreover , people do really enjoy their car , we can see it every morning and night when there is a lot of traffic , they prefer staying in their car to using public transports .
So they love them and they take care of them as a precious object .
Nevertheless , I strongly believe that in twenty years , the number of car in the road will sharply decreased , not because people will be willing to give up their car but because they will no longer have the choice .

First of all , the price of gas .
We 're experiencing a new era , where the price of petroleum reaches a level never reach before .
The increase of the gas price is badly and harshly felt by the population .
Petroleum become more and more expensive meanwhile people become poorer and poorer mostly because of unemployement .
So that , gas becaume a luxuary good and fewer persons can offer it .
Soon , only rich people could offer it .

Moreover , environmemtal concerns become more and more important .
Indeed , Polution has rech a rate never reached before .
For instance , France during summer period , when it 's warmer , has to ask its citizens not to take their car in big cities such as Paris and to take public transport or bikes if they have to move , or even move by foot , because the polution rate is too high .
If they have to drive it is recommemded to take more tham one passenger inside the car .
The french authorities have to rely on the environmental conscious of the citizens .

Nevertheless , as the polution rate is not suppose to decrease in the near future and as the climate is suppose to be warmer than it use to be , I am sure that people wo n't be able to use their car as often as they would like to .

For all these reasons , even if people are not willing to give up their car , they will no longer have the choice in twenty years .
To be a broad-knowledge person or to be a specialized person depends on a case-by-case analysis .
When one wants to be a leader , it is better to manage as much and as broad as knowledge , while if one tends to be a technician , specialized knowledge is a better choice .

Having broad knowledge of many academic subjects means a person holding variety of capabilities .
Thus leaders always need such ability .
Take the president , who is the leader of a country for example , such person always holds knowledge in many realms , from politics of course , to economics , laws , management , perhaps history , psychology and so forth .
Since with such broad knowledge , one can understand how the society is formed and know a lot about the world .
The most famous person of such kind is Aristole .
The broad reading and studying enable him to manage most of the subjects and to be a wise man .

On the other hand , since most of people who have broad knowledge often cannot specialize on any subject , our sociey also needs the person who has specialized knowledge .
In many industries , specialized person is more welcomed .
For example , in stock market , the person who specializes on stock or finance is preferable ; in companies like Dell or Microsoft , students who major in computer or computer science will be chosen ; also in some scientific research areas , having specialized knowledge will benefit the person a lot .
In one word , if one wants to work in specific area , it is bettere to manage specialized knowledge .

From the analysis above , it can be easily concluded that whether to have broad knowledge or one specific subject knowledge depends on the interet of a person .
From my point of view , I prefer to manage deeply on one specific subject and broad learning knowledge on other areas .
From doing that , I can be a person with broad knowledge which may do good when I make friends since they may come from different subjects of knowledge .
Also , with the knowledge of a specific area especially what I am most interested in , I can have a specific skill which will do favor when I apply for a job .

In conclusion , the choices between these two rely on a person 's own plan for the life .
To me , the combination of them is the best solution .
Young people are more energetic and they might therefore appear to enjoy life more than older people .
However , in my opinion , happiness and enjoyment are closely related to a human being 's state of mind , no matter what the biological age of that person is .
Therefore , I do not agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

One can reason that young people have lesser responsibilities and therefore more reason to enjoy life .
Again , this might not always be the case .

I would like to give the example my friend who was financially supporting his family when we were still in school .
He had taken on responsibilites early in life , however , that did not keep him from enjoying it .
He seemed to be the happiest person in my class .
I think his happness had to do with how satisfied he was with life .

On the other hand some older people do not loose their sense of adventure .
They keep their bodies fit through exercise and use their strength to travel and enjoy the vacations they could not afford when they were younger , due to time or money constraints .

Some older people enjoy hobbies they otherwise never had time for .
I know of a gentleman who started writing poetry after he retired from work .
His poems were greatly appreciated and he soon published a book .

At the same time there are young people who get disillusoned and resort to self destructive or illeagle acts in the pursuit of enjoyment .

In conclusion , it does not matter what the age of the person is .
If a person has a healthy state of mind , he / she will always manage to enjoy , no matter what his / her age .
Environmental issues and sustainable development are and become more and more fashion everyday .
Some politicians try to make those questions unavoidable .
For instance , Al Gore in the United States , ( ex-vice president under Clinton 's administration ) who 's releasing a movie on global warming ; or to a lesser extent , in France where some intellectuals would like to talk about the subject in the scope of the next elections .
In this oultook , in twenty years , will there be fewer cars in use than there are today ?
Will they even disappear ?

I do n't think so .
Our current world lives under the influence of globalization .
Means of communication , physical or virtual , are playing more and more a sizeable role in our daily lives .
We build everyday bridges , motorways , we create networks through internet optic wires all over the world .
We live in a logistical world if I can put it this way .
In this context , I hardly imagine the end of cars , or the decrease in car numbers , which is surely the best mean of transport for all the citizens .
Futhermore , the emerging markets consume more and more cars and all cars manufacturers already produce millions of cars for chinese people or indian people .
In twenty years , we will not ` bury ' the car but , this latter will certainly take other forms , a form that will less jeopardize the planet .
I think about brazilian cars that are already hybrid cars .

Nevertheless , let 's not forget that more than 80 per cent of the population is urban .
And , this major trend will go on .
All the cities are already totally overcrowded by cars , full of congestions .
All the cities try to limit the number of cars .
London has even implemented a tax to prevent people from driving in the city .
In this context , we can think that in twenty years the numbers of cars will decrease .
Thus , clean public transport or even bikes or motorcycles will know a revival , will be born again .
It 's conceivable .

Therefore , which of these two trends will prevail ?
I hope the second one ...
Nor fate nor chance nor any star commands
Success and failiure not but lies in your hands

This is the mantra that seems have driven successful people over the year .
Continuous improvement and the quest for it is the single most important factor that drives people to achieve the impossible .

How much ever a person likes a particular thing and however brilliant he might be at it , if the need to improve continuously is lacking he would ultimately be bored of such a job and will fail to give his best .

The very fundamental truth of life revolves around the fact `` no risk no return . ''
The leading example of a successful man is Mahatma Gandhi , a person who could have easily chosen to lead a simple and happy life as a lawyer in South Africa .
However , he chose to come back to India and fight for freedom of his people against all odds .
Without his determination and guidance India would not have been freed .

Another example would be Mother Teresa who worked day after day to help the poor and the underprivelaged .
As any other human being she could have chosen to lead a normal and happy life but that would have made all of us call her a mother To explore new opportunities one needs to go out of his way and face uncertain circumstances and figure out ways to emerge victorious .
Only when one believes that failiure is not an option in an uncertain environment would he actually give his cent percent and emerge successful .
As necessity is the mother of all invention taking risks and being exposed to an uncertain atmosphere is the main element necessary to becoming succesful .

However , taking on new risks and challenges is not the only ingredient in making a successful man .
It should be combined with other qualities like willingness to learn , courage and above all belief in himself .
This stresses on an important concept called calculated risks , which effectively mean risks which a person needs to take in a planned way .
The problem should be analyzed and then broken down into components , and each component should then be individually attacked .
The statement is certainly true .
Products ' qualities are exaggerated by advertisements .
As there is no empirical support available , I will support this position twofold .
First , I will give two short examples of such advertisements .
Second , I will discuss possible explanations of the phenomenon .
If there are both fitting cases and a compelling theory , we have the best evidence availiable without further study .
Finally , I will briefly discuss possible actions .

The first example relates to a typical car spot .
The cars are almost always polished to brilliance , the only exception being spots on Jeeps , Hummers and the like .
But these types of car are designed for use in wilderness .
SUV ( meaning Sports utility vehicle ) is ironically referred to as a ` suburban utility vehicle ' .
The spots pretend a reality that does not exist .
Also , often the windows of the cars are made of black glass .
I suppose this stresses the geometric features of the cars and lets it appear a bit mystique .
Summed up , the cars are always in perfect shape and not in the state of your average car .
Using small and smart tricks , the spots manipulate the expectations and the image you might have of the car .

Another example is a recent advertisement for milk that I saw .
In the morning , the whole family sat together around a nice table in a beautiful kitchen .
the sun was shining , and everybody was havong fun and drinking milk .
This scenario probably is a bit overstretched and not corresponding to the average breakfast .
it was suggested that milk and the enjoyable situation are linked together .

After these two short examples , we proceed to possible explanations .
A set of them is located in the dynamics of the competition on the market .
Firms , if they are to survive , are forced to sell their goods .
To this end , they try to compel the comsumer to buy the company 's product , and not the competitor 's .
Therefore , firms make their goods appear as good as possible .
Advertisements not only serve to immediately selling products - they also increase the prestige of the company 's brand .
A well-known name allows a company to take higher prices for its products , for consumers base their decisions upon incomplete information about the products .
They assume that a well-known brand also means well-established quality , which would justify higher prices .

Also , game theory helps a bit in explaining the phenomenon .
A company cannot be sure that the competitor 's advertisements are true .
So the company may be tempted to cheat a little to boost its sales in a presumably unfair competition .
In political science , this constellation is known as prisoner 's dilemma .

Regarding possible solutions , the EU has some regulations on advertisements that do not exist in the United States .
In the EU , companies are not allowed to include information about the product they know to be wrong .
Also , the EU has stricter guidelines on ingredients in foods and their publication .
Apparently , there might be some room to manouevre in the legislative area to tackle the problem .
On the other hand , an informed consumer judging on the basis of the best knowledge will be the best weapon against these kinds of misleading advertisements .
Though some people might think travelling in a group arranged by the travel agent is the most suitable way of travelling , I strongly disagree with it and I consider the best way to travel is by individuals .

In my first place , the cost of travelling by individuals is significantly lower than by a group .
You need to pay more service charges to the tour guide , to the hotel , or any additional charges when travelling in a group , You may have a question in mind , `` What is the cost difference between them ? ''
From my experience to Boston in United States , travelling in a group would cost about HK $ 10,000 , while travelling by individuals would cost about $ HK 6,000 .
It is only two-third of the cost by travelling in a group .

My second reason is that travel in a group is not flexible for the schedule of your trip .
You need to follow a standard schedule to eat , to play or to wake up at specific times while it just likes working .

The main purpose of have a trip is to relax while the tight schedule would not make this original goal effective .
For instance , if I want to stay a place for a longer time and enjoy more there , it is up to my decision by travelling alone .
I can manage my time in my own interest instead of following a standard time schedule .

Finally , I consider that travelling alone would explore more than you expected .
You can decide to go to any places to learn the different customs where it would really broaden your horizons and make you become independent .
You can obtain any kinds of information by finding them out yourself and get a deeper insight on them .
For example , you can live in a host family for a couple of days to experience their culture .
This would be really beneficial to you .

To conclude , I love the experience that only travelling alone would give me .
Traffic in big cities continue to increase day by day and the ammount of cars on the streets are constantly rising .
Some people think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I agree with statement because of the rapid improvements in technology and because of the decrease in petrol resources throughout the whole world .

Traffic is a major problem in metropolitans .
For example in my city there has been an incredible increase in the amount of traffic in the last years .
Roads are nearly everywhere covering nearly one third of the cities landscape .
There is nearly nowhere left where people can sit and enjoy the fresh weather , wherever people go in the city they smell the disturbing smell of petrol and chemical gases caused by cars .
I think in the coming years governments will consider this as a great problem and they will start finding solutions to this car problem .
In my opinion technology will be their biggest aid in decreasing the amount of traffic in our cities .

The increase in petrol and gas resources in earth is undeniable .
Many scientists fear that in the coming years .
there will be absolutely no resources left to use for cars or other transports .
We are living in a world that is constantly using these kind of resources without doing anything the reproduce them .
Imagine the world as a huge water wel .
We are constantly taking little gulps from it not and thinking what will happen when the water is finished .
As an addition the more we use these resources , the more expensive they get .
This is why i think that humans will be forced to create new ways of transports .
Like transports that use sunlight or hydrogene for example instead of petrol .
This way cars will no longer be apart of our lives and we will start using different kinds of vehicles that have differnet names .

As a result i think the amount of cars in the coming years will increase because of the size of te problems stated above and humans will start using alternative vehicles that wont cause the same problems and that will make life easier .
As the transportation system has developed , traveling became one form of enjoyment for people .
They may enjoy traveling in a group led by a tour guide , or they may go in a group but without a tour guide .
In my opinion , traveling in a group without a guide would be the best way to travel because it is cheaper , and more enjoyable .

First of all , traveling with a group , but without a guide is cheaper .
In one case , I have a experience of traveling with my family and a guide , and it made think that hiring a guide was a waste .
When I went to Tokyo , Japan for traveling , the guide was with us all the time .
Our family had to pay her transportation bill , lunch , and dinner .
However , if she were n't there , I could have ate more Sushi .
Furthermore , on a newspaper , there is always a commercial about traveling abroad .
While I was reading it , it said that traveling Hawaii with a guide required three hundred dollors more than without the guide .
For these reasons , since traveling with a guide costs more money , I prefer traveling without a guide .

Secondly , traveling without a guide is way more interesting .
When there somebody who takes you everywhere that one does not have to open a map , it is meaningless .
For example , When Eugenie , a friend of mine , visited Beijing with her friends without a guide , she could know more about Beijing .
She explained me where the Great Wall loacates and how to get there economically .
By then , I realized that traveling without a guide is more exciting since one can learn more .
Morover , when I went to Kyungjyu with my whole classmates and our homeroom teacher as a tour guide since she was born there , it was boring .
My teacher wanted to go to historical places and explain us about them , while students wanted to go to amusement park and have more excitement .
Thus , traveling with a guide is never good .

In conclusion , I strongly believe that traveling in a group led by a tour guide is not great .
My experinces of traveling Japan , Kyouju certain prove reasons for why .
Because traveling with out a guide is more economical and exciteing , I think it is excellent to travel only in a group of people who I know .
The cycle of life is amazing .
A human is born weak and than gets to the zenith of his strength at one point than goes back to being weak as he approaches the end of his life .
yet ask yourself this ?
When does a person enjoy life the most ?
In my humble opinion enjoying life means to have health , time in your life and the passion to learn which is what most old people lack .
That is why young people enjoy life more than old people do .

In order to enjoy life you need to have a great health .
Most young people that .
They are strong and often do not suffer from many diseases as old people do .
Young people can jump scream and dance whenever they are happy .
They are able to respond to their exitement through physical actions .
However if an old person gets exited it 's more likely for him to get a heart attack .
It is very rare to see an old person able to jump up and down when exited .

It 's said that life is like a toilet paper .
The sooner it gets to the end the faster it rolls .
Often do we hear old people talking about death as if it became a new friend they are ready to be escorted with as they leave the ballroom of life .
Old people put the idea that they do not have any more time in their hands wich makes them think there is nothing to be happy about .
When I ask my grandma `` Come up the stairs with me so we can watch the sunset '' she would answer '' No my dear , it 's too late for me to do that .
It 's your time now .
You go by yourself and enjoy it while you can . ''
.
My grandma just missed out the fun of gazing into the sunset because she thought that the stairs would kill her .
Young people dont worry about time .
As far as they are concerned they should enjoy life while they still can !

To me learning is one of the most excitting activities I enjoy .
And when i say learning I mean learning from life .
Like having the suspence and wondering what will happen next .
Or Where your life is going to take you .
Experiencing that the knowledge you know today is different from the knowledge you know tomorrow .
Old people will miss out on that excitting feeling because when they think about their future , atomatically a picture of a grave loads up in their mind .
They say they have nothing to learn because they are in the final statges of life .
Therefore they lack the passion to learn .
If you do n't have the will to learn than you will not learn .

In conclusion , this does n't mean that all old people are miserable .
It 's really how the individual defines the phrase `` enjoying life '' .
To me if you do not have health , time and passion for learning i do n't believe you will be able to enjoy life .
Ideas and concepts are important and are considered as important base for the development of a child as a human being .
Ideas and concepts can make built a future understanding and prospect for a person .
There is a small line of demarcation between ideas , concepts and facts .
Ideas and concepts are described as , that a person on basis on what is being learnt or his understanding of concept can think of an example to visualise it in a better way .

The ideas and concepts , once understood by a person can make his way to wide view , or imagination and can easily draw out what he or she has understood about the subject .
Example : - a student is told about a tree and is told that it is green in colour , and has wood which is brown in colour and grows from roots .
And that there are stems in wood through which leaves in green colour that can provide with ` shelter and shadow , can grow So , this idea or concept about the tree can help a child to know hat tree is , what are its features , what all benefits of trees are .
And all this can help him to imagine how tree looks like , and when he can see the tree will recognise as to what he has a knowledge about that particular thing .

So , ideas can also help to have rememberance and recoginition .
Wherease , facts are simply stated , but you cannot imply about them .
These facts cannot let one to think To there wide imagination , as to how things can be , and what can be its advantages and disadvantages .
Because its is one basic matter that is imposed on one by being stated as what is called as `` facts '' .
But some facts over duration of time create enthusiasm among one to know about the concept , or logic behind it .
And that is when one uses there ideas and visualise the fact to a concept .

Hence i agree with the statement that students should understand ideas and concepts than to learn simply facts .
Because , it can be difficult for a student in his growing years to understand and pik up the concepts and ideas , and to think about there own views on those ideas .
But it is the best way of teaching and understanding , as can help is overlasting future .
Because there are situations in Colleges that we face whereby self study , and undertading of concept helps a student more than just simply inculcating the facts , without knowing the other important implication and benfits of such a stated facts .

So .
with few difficulties in using brains to a right direction , and visualising of all facts and ideas can help a student with a great future prospect that just simply taking of facts from the teacher .
So its important to question , as to wh'ether its fact or a concept .
Universities have considerably different educational systems .
Some focus on providing students with theorical concepts and ideas , while other opted for practical learning methods .
Both of these methods have advantages and I personally think that if a perfect educational system could exist then it should combine them .

Theorical concepts are necessary for students .
Indeed , they should help them to understand , model and simulate phenomena .
No doubt they may complicated and perhaps boring to study , but students should pay attention to them and check wether they get them correctly or not .

Nevertheless , practical activities are also required in teaching activities .
In fact , they can help students to understand theorical concepts .
Students will more likely understand a phenomena by a short experiment rather than by a long and perhaps boring lecture .
They would understand it even better indeed .

Moreover students are generally more motivated to learn this way .
In addition students understand better when they do thing by themselves through practical projects and so on .
In other words , they understand better what they discovered themselves than what they had been taught by others .

In my school , I had both theorical teachings and practical teaching , and from my experiece I can say that combining these two methods in the right way is very fruitful for the students .

For example , I have had in two industrial internship .
From these experiences I learnt a lot which I certainly could not have learnt otherwise .
I learnt about how thing work in a company , how workers behave to each other and
`` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . ''
I disagree to this statement because of the following reasons .

First , there is a problem in defining the term `` enough time '' .
It remains unclear how much time any given person should spend helping the community .
Furthermore , who decides what is helpful to the community ?
Which things that have to be done in a community should be done by volunteers and which should be done by professionals ?
These questions arise when accusing young people of not spending enough time helping their communities .

Apart from these terminological problems , there are so many young people doing voluntary work for the community .
I experience that they spend their time working for the Red Cross , helping at home looking after elder family members , getting involved with the scouts or at church .
These are just examples of the many places in a community where you easily find young people helping the society .

The impression that young people nowadays do not help the community can arise , because today , a lot is expected of the young : During the morning , they are at school .
In the afternoon and at night they are busy doing their homework , having a job to earn extra money or they have hobbies ( e.g. sports or music ) .
Due to globalization , competition between young people has become more .
They have to work harder in order to be prepared for their future .
Nowadays , in a lot of professions , one does not only have to compete with people from one 's own country , but with people world-wide .
Modern means of communication and transportation have made the world a very fast-paced and competetive place .

In order to be able to compete , young people nowadays have to be succsessful in a lot of areas : school ( to acquire knowledge ) , hobbies ( to show diverse interest ) , jobs ( to earn extra money ) , and community work ( to help the community where they live ) .

As shown in this text , I disagree with the hypothesis given .
First , there are problems with the definition and quantification of `` help '' and `` engough time '' .
Second , there are so many young people who work for the community .
Third , young people have to prepare their own personal future .

Did young people in former times spend more time to helping their communities ?
Some people might say that having a broad knowledge is more important than focusing on one specific subject ; this discussion has been a subject of dispute for some time .
However , this argument is asserted as a general rule and omits some important concerns that must be addressed in order to substantiate this argument .

Most conspicuously , the professional life utterly requires you to be proficient in one subject .
For instance , knowing accounting standards will not be immensely useful if you are working as a nurse .

Moreover , students are likely to decide a major when they leave high shools .
As an illustration , it is worth having a specific skill in order to make this choice much easier .
Focusing on a particular subject may therefore be more effective for students .

However , it could be argued that a wide knowledge is sometimes more important that focusing on a particular subject .
For example , when a worker is made redundant , having a wide range of skills may sometimes be far more efficient in order to find a new job ; this seems to be even more important for people who do not have any degree .

Likewise , the personal life often requires you to have broad skills .
For example , borrowing money , looking after children , repairing a car are situations which require some basic skills in order to be effective .

In conclusion , this argument leaves out some key issues even if we may infer that it is a delicate subject .
It can sometimes be more important to have a broad knowledge , but it could be also asserted that in some cases , it proves most useful to be more proficient in one specific subject .
Therefore , it depends upon what kind of skills you require .
Some persons think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I think that it is not true .
First , older people may feel not having taken enough pleasure in their previous life , so during their last years they want to do things for which they had not enough time before .
Thus , they enjoy more each moment and take advantage of the present instant because they know it is their last chance .
On the contrary , young people are always in a hurry , they want to do a lot of things , manage to do few of them and they do n't enjoy what they experiment because they are not thinking to one thing at the time .

On the other hand , there is a more material reason for which older people enjoy life more than young people : older people are often retired and they are a part of the society with a higher consumption power .
It is easier for them to enjoy what the life can offer .
For example , they can do some trips that they could n't afford before because they had their children at home and because it was necessary to pay for their studies .
However they did n't have time for that because they were working .

Finally , older people have gain more maturity and they are aware of the value of things .
So they can better enjoy what is available to them .
The more something is difficult to reach and the more we wait for getting it , the more it will be valuable .
The more something is rare , the more it is enjoyable .
Nowadays , a lot of young people believe that everything is due to them and they do n't measure the value of what they get .
When we are older , we are able to meausre the chance we had and that we did n't measure in the past .

That is why I think that we must wait to be older to really enjoy the life , because being older give more chance to be able to do what we really wanted .
Advertisement is now regarded as one of the greatest industries in the twenty first century .
The foundamental philosophies of advertisements are obvious-to create a better impression of the product the advertisement is describing in the minds of potential customers .
As communication technologies and psychology theories advanced considerably over the last century , the effects and power of the advertisements outfitted with high sophisticated computer generized amazing visual scenes and sound effects , grew more and more powerful in convincing the customers that `` this '' product is wonderful , inpeccable , to a extent often exceeds the reality !

Even about ten years ago , this unbelievable strength of advertisement had emerged for a long time .
I remember that when I was a child in elementary school ( probably the second grade ) , I was fascinated with the afternoon advertisement of the Little Sun beverage .
The TV advertisement created a false image that the bottle of the soda , which , of course delicately decorated with wings , could really fly , and a lot of children could follow it and find a mysterious land in which they could enjoy playing there with catoon stars .
However , when I got this bottle as my birthday gift , I was disillusionised that it is JUST a toy , not a creature of any kind .
Therefore , I hereby denounce the tricks employed in the advertisements that beautify products inproperly .

Moreover , we can see the capacity of advertisement to exaggarate the merits of the products by discussing the process of the advertisement creation .
First , a market survey is conducted , in which the subconscious desires of people are analysed and taken advantage of .
For example , the common illnesses are severe impediment for people who travel around all the time , so the advertisers know that if they could trigger the travelers subconcious fear of getting sick during their trips by citing a example in which a officer is assigned an extremely crucial job oversea , and any delay can cause a dreadful lose of his firm 's profit .
In this case , a illness can be a so terrible happening that the person want to avoid desperately , and now , a tricky advertiser can manipulate the story .
He can say that by taking a kind of medicine , the traveler avoided a disease which would bother him if he had n't eat the pills .
Thereby , by constructing this plot , it seemed that the pill worth a lot , because `` without this pill , the company would lose a hundred million because the man taking responsibility would be impeded by severely illness '' , However , this impression is false and a pill is just a pill not comparable to a million dollars , but learned advertisers can link a pill with a hundred million dollars in the mind of the consumers subconsciously .
As a result , the advertisment created a image that the pill which in fact worth only a cent can be as valuable as a million dollars , which is horribly better than the pill itself !
Second , the visual image produced by highly developed computer technologies entitle the advertisements to penetrate the watchers ' defenses .
When we watch a advertisement , we conduct a analysis of how valuable this product is by using our past experiences and knowledges .
However , those grandiose images can easily confuse our mind and hinder our ability to reason effectively .
Therefore , by obstruct of own capacity of define how good a product is for ourselves , the advertisement actually confuses us and gives us a false image about the products , and the advertisers have no motivation to create the false image inferior than the reality .
There are many possibilities for young people to help their communities .
They could engage in policies , give sports lessons , take part in the Red Cross or be active in their church .
But , in fact , there are quite few people who actually do some of these things .

What are the reasons for this ?
One point could be that young people feel little responsibility for their community .
They have to think so much about themselves , about how to plan their life and how to organize their career , that thinking about others seems not to fit in .
They just live according to the sentence `` If everybody thinks of themselves , it is thought of everybody '' .
One should not call all of them unfair , some of them are simply overwhelmed by all the things they have to manage in their own life , so that they cannot concentrate on others .
And for some of them there simply is not much time to engage for other things than for school or for university .
Many students I know have to work very hard to be successful in their field of study , so that there is only little time to concentrate on other things .
The time they have , they prefer using to meet friends or just to relax .

On the other hand , not engaging in ones community is , of course , very comfortable .
Knowing that there are people who do the work makes many people think : `` Well , why me if they do it so well ? ''

And one may not forget that for many people there is not much that they regard to be worth to engage for .
Most young people in our society live quite well , they have chances for their future , the society they live in is shaped by a stable democracy .
Why fighting or engaging for something if everything seems alright ?

Another point I consider to be influencing is , that many young people would like to engage in their communities , but they just do not know how or who to ask .
Perhaps approaching students and proposing possibilities would make them think about getting active in their community .

On the other hand , one should not forget all the young people who really sacrifice much time and nerves to serve their communities .
There are always people engaging in a school or in different clubs who offer their talents and also their time for so many other people .

So one should not forget to regard the stament in an appropriate way .
Today there are more number of cars on the roads then perhaps the people walking on the roads which clearly means that most of the people own a car .
But I firmly believe that in twenty years from now fewer number of cars would be running on the roads .
This would directly imply that the traffic conditions would improve in the future .

Governments everywhere are taking effective steps to improve the public transportation system which would mean incorporation of buses , metro services and sky trains in the public transport system .
So in times to come , people would prefer to move through public transport as it would be hassle free , time saving and money saving .

In times to come the prices of the fuel like petroleum and diesel are expected to rise up drastically which would mean that only few people would have the capability to afford it .
So only very few people would be in a position to travel in their own cars .
This would also cause reduction in the number of cars in years to come as most of the people would have to look for alternative options to travel in order to save money .

People today are beoming more aware about the enviornmental damages caused by the harmful gases emitted from vehicles such as cars .
So more and more people are opting for options like car pools in case several people have to go to the same place .
This means lesser number of cars running on the roads .
Also people are preferring public transport for this reason of enviornmental damages .
So this awareness about the enviornmental damages would continue to increase manifolds in times to come and hence lesser number of cars would run on the roads in the future .

So the possible conclusion can be that in the present scenario almost every earning individual owns a car due to reasons of comfort and also because cars are considered a status symbol .
But in times to come people would prefer other means of transportation rather than moving in their own cars because of the better public transportation system , high fuel prices and enviornmental damages .
It is widely believed that successfull people try new things and take risks instead of concentrating on something they already know very well .

On the one hand people who want to be successful should rely on their skills they already have .
It is very important to take an advantage of the qualities a person already has , so that this person is sure to do the right things , which means that the person is self-confident .

But on the other hand a rigid behavior could influence the work in a negative way .
For example it is very important for managers who run their own business to stay flexible so that they can react to every change of the customers choice .
The customers choice could change every day , so the manager has to adapt his procuts in order be successfull .
Otherwise he will not sell enough products .

A good example could be advertising .
You must have new ideas to impress the people seeing yor advertisement in order to push their attention to your product .
Sometimes it is also essential to take any risk in order to improve your business , because it could be a chance to multiply your success .
Of course such decisions are very difficult and you have to think about them very carefully .

All in all I think that it is a big advantage if a person has enough courage to take risks or to try something new because in most cases it is worth it .
In spite of short-term negative impacts it is important to be innovative in order to be a successfull person .

Rigid behaviour causes disadvantages in nearly every part of life .
In my opinion it might be helpfull to stick to the well-practised skills a person has , but everyone can improve these skills and learn new thinks in order to achieve his aims .

That is why I think that this statement is right .
Nowadays , people argue that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Some people claim that older people enjoy life more , others claim that young people enjoy more .
I agree that young people enjoy life more .
There are many reasons , why young people enjoy life more .

People , who claim that older people enjoy life more , gives some reasons why older people enjoy more .
First , they say that older people generally have more money than young people , therefore they have more chance for enjoying life by using this money .
Secondly , people , who claim that older people enjoy life more , claim that older people have more experience about life than young people and they know that how people can take taste from life .

On the other hand , other people , who claim that young people enjoy life more , give many reasons , why young people enjoy life more .
First , they say that money is not only main factor for enjoying life .
There are different factors , which influence the life .

First , young people have more energy than older people and they can spend this energy by making their lifes enjoyable .
For example , they can travel the world and see everything about the life by spending this energy .
They have no disability but older people have .

Secondly , they do n't know everything about the life , therefore they wonder the life more that older people .
This makes young people curious and they investigate everything and they want to taste these beauties .
Moreover , young people are very healthy .
Older people are generally ill , therefore they are always bored and angry .
But young people have fun .
This is best reason , why young people enjoy life more .

Consequently , both of young people and older people live in this world , but they have different conditions such as energy , wealthy , experience .
Therefore , they take different tastes from life and therefore , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
It is widely said that young people do not consider their communities and tend to do whatever they want to without thinking how people are annoyed by them .
If you watch some programs for middle ages on television , you may hear this kind of comments frequently .
However , I disagree with the opinion .
Young people , especially univer sity students have enough time and , in fact , help thier communities .
University students are encouraged to help thier communities in and out of classes .

First of all , university students tend to have much more time to use thier time for helping thier communities .
It may be true that young people like highschool students do not have much time to use freely because of the entrance examination of universities .
In some societies , especially in Korea and Japan , young people are stressed to go to better universities and be employed by walthy companies .
However , students in universities less worry about examinations any more though , ofcourse , there still be term examinations .

Second of all , some universities even encourage students to help thier communities .
In fact , some universities have service learning courses which let students to do volunteer work and learn its importance and difficulties .
Some students may prefer to go to work for communities which is far from their own , the others do for their own , which is much easier than going to futher areas .

Finally , some students do help thier communities as an off campus activity .
talking about my own experience , I was a member of the musical club which held mussicals or other thiatrical perfomances for small children and elder people at kindergartens and community centers as volunteers .
The off campus activities cannot be limited on thaeatrical performaces but be varied .
Students can enjoy thier activities and , at the same time , help thier communities .

University students have enough time than others and do help thier communities in class and also out of class as activities .
In conclusion , I further disagree with the opinion that young people do not help people because of no time to do .
At certain points of our lives , everyone has to make essential decisions that will have consequences for the rest of our lives .
One of this decision is education , the path of studying we want to follow ; then the following crucial question will arise : it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject ?

The answer is not so straightforward , it is not possible to rank broad knowledge versus specialization , we have to find a deeper response .
A broad knowledge is essential because a variety of different situations will show in front of us along all our life and to deal with them , we need a basic knowledge .

For example , we are not required to know how to make a surgery , but we are better off if we know that if we have the flu , it is better if we stay at home and not stay outside at the cold .

On the other hand , since it is not possible to have an extensive knowledge on every possible subject , we need to specialize in something to find a job , from the most humble to the most powerful .

The level of specialization will depend on the job we would like to do or that is offered to us ; thinking again about the previous example , if you are a chirurgian , you have to reach a very high level of specializiation , while if you are a waiter you do n't need a very sophisticated knowledge .

Besides , a first broad knowledge is useful to understand which are your preferences and what you would like to do in your life .
If you don ' t learn the first basic concepts or notions of astronomy , you will never know if you prefer this subject than studying chemistry .

At the end , the bottom line is that a broad knowledge is essential for everyday life and this broad knowledge doesn ' t need to be too sophisticated , but if you want to make career or if you have certain aspirations , surely you will need to specialize in something .
This question is really important not only for people who are planning and starting studies at a college or university but also for people already working in a specific area .

In my eyes you should specialize in a specific subject as soon as possible .
There are a lot of academic areas you can study so at first you have to identify that one that fits best to your personal interests .
When you are intersted in maths for example it does not make a lot of sense to study literature .
So at that point you have to make the first specialization .
In my eyes that will help you to succeed in your studies because you are learning something about topics you are really interested in .

After finishing studies the process of specialization continues .
When you have studied business for example I think it does not make a lot of sense to search a job where you have to apply the whole knowledge you have collected during your studies .
You will lack the propper knowledge to perform difficult tasks which will lead to failure and in the worst case you will loose your job .

Therefore I think after finishing business studies for example you have to specialize again an maybe search for a job in the marketing or controlling departement of a company .
Even when you now work in a specific area , the process of specializing should still continue .
To become a successful employee for example I think you now must become a specialist in specific tasks of the area you are working in .
When you are working in the marketing departement of a consulting company for example you could specialize to the marketing of chemical products .

In my eyes these steps of specializing in a specific subject are the best way to become not only successful in your job but also help you to divide the important informations from the unimportant ones .
Altough you should not lack a propper knowledge about other academic topics you have to specialize in order to be not provided with a overload of informations you can not handle with .
Different studies and investigations have been proving during years , how contaminating a car is .
However the number of cars continues to increase at time passes by .
In fact , I am not an expert in the subject , but I would say I disagree with the statement listed and predict an increase of cars in the following twenty years .

In the fisrt place , simply because the world 's population is growing .
People are having more and more children , and those children get to be adults who can buy their own cars .
Therefore , if the percentage of car owners stay constant , the number of cars will increase .
For example , if the percentage of car owner is 10 % , and nowadays the population is 100 people , and in the futur this population grows to 120 people , then the number of cars would pass from 10 to 12 .

The second reason I can find to hold my opinion is very much related with the first one .
Since population is growing there are no more space for everyone in the cities , and , thus , living in the city is becoming more and more expensive .
Therefore , nowadays one can choose to have a more cheaper and calm life in the outskirts of the city , and in that way one is able to buy a car and travel to the city to work everyday .

In the third place , I think there is an economical reason for which the number of cars will increase .
Manufacturing tecnhiques are improving , making the construction of a car simpler and cheaper , which makes the final product much more cheaper and accesible .
For example in my grandparent 's time having a car in Argentina was a real privilege for cars were luxury products .
Today , on the contrary , though not everyone can have a car , most of middle class people in Argentina can afford one .

However I also think that there are many different ways in which the number of cars can be regulated .
In my opinion each government should find it 's own way to incentivating people to use alternate means of transportation such as buses or subways to reduce the number of cars .
Clearly the process is not easy but if nothing is done , and the number of cars keeps increasing , then the contamination caused would be really terrible and impossible to correct .

In conclusion I think that if things keep on being the way they are today , in twenty years the number of cars will not be reduced but increased .
Population growth , their need to move out of the cities and to move themselves daily , and the prices on cars are just some reasons I can find to predict such increase .
However , this increase can be reversed if action , mainly form the governments , is taken to regulate the numbers of cars .
I totally agree with the statment that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
`` What you see may not be true '' some very wise person said that .
We people forget a very simple fact which company in the advertisement will show v that their product in not what you want or are expecting but will show that product is beyond your expectation and will do wonder .

Take an example of a cosmetic company in all their advertisments , we will see beautiful girls and boys who have the perfect hair , face and not to forget figures .
Why all thanks to the product of the company they are advertising .
We people get carried away so much by these beautiful faces and the magic created by the billboards and telivision , that we end up spending loads of money without thinking for one second that these people are paid models and its their job to look beautiful .

None of these advertisements anywhere will show or tell how harmful their products can be .
Also none of these advertisment will take any gurantee that what these products did for those models will do the samething for you .
Like meeting your prince charming on a subway if you wear a certain perfume .
The only thing I can smell is other persons bad breath or their underarm odour .

Most of the times as a parent it is vey difficult to explain to your younger children why a certain brand of cereal is liked by so many children on telivision and when you bring it home everybody runs away from it after first tatsing session .
Also why most of the food chains make their produts so delicious that you want to eat right there from the screen but when you order you feel like throwing out .

In my opinion companies should take responsibilty not to mislead people by showing that their products are not only of superior quality but will also achieve what they show in advertisement .
They should instead of spending thousands on publicity , should spend all that money on maintaing the quality of the products , because nothing works better than word of mouth .
publicity .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
People learn things from thier own mistakes , in order to be successful , we have to face new obstacles and overcome them rather than just doing what we know and not gaining anything .

First of all , all advertising companys create new product and see how we react to it even though they might loose some money for producing it .
By knowing how humans react , they can get better sense of how the product works for us .
They might need to improve more on the product , or they are really helpful and we might need them .
By creating the new product , they get idea of how it works for us .

In addition , computers and all mechanical things are part of our life .
We need them in our everyday life .
It needed lots of patience to create computers and telephones to make them really convenient .
People tried new things that work the best for us and computers are now big part of our society .
Humans cannot live without them , it is a source of connecting this world into smaller places .

Lastly , Martin Luther King Jr. fought for equall right , he believed that all men are created equall .
We can now live safely and peacefully because of his action .
His speech moved lots of people , gave opportunity for others to fight for their own rights .
He no longer exists but he is known for one of the successor in our life .

It takes lots of risk and courage to try new things but that is how people learn things , starts to know importance of taking risk .
For instance , learning foreign language will be challenging for sure but pains we experience will turn into courage and we learn to be more confident and successful .
We each should try new things and prepare for some risks in order to grow ourselves as a person .
Today , we tend to prefer changing lifestyle , trying new things and taking risks rather than holding on to what we have and what we already know .
But thinking about it , I believe that it is sometimes worth the pain to stay with what what we already know .

Taking risks can indeed be seen as the better way to live one 's life strongly .
It is the best way to avoid a borring life , for example waking up every morning , fourty yers along , to go to the same place , work with the same poeple .
It is clearly more appealing to decide one day to become a teacher , because you already know everything beeing a doctor could bring to your life .
This viewpoint allows you to feel adventurous and to have , maybe , several lifes in one life .

However , I would like to defend my point thet sometimes holding to what we already have is more responsible , more interesting , and can lead you to a happier life .
It appears to me that it is better to deepen one 's knowledges in a particular field than to try to know everything .
For instance , one should rather concentrate on a specific field of study than trying to tempt everything because he wants to try new things .
It is better , then , to try to make the things we already have work well than to escape each time we feel ennoyed .
I believe that this is a value people are tending to loose today in our societies , and this may be an explaination for the spectacular increase of divorces .

To conclude , I think that we are too often tempted to escape from what we have , while we should rather hold on and try our best to make the things we already have work .
Is it better to learn many academic subjects or to limit oneself to a specific one ?
In my opinion , there is no true answer to this question .
A young student who does not have a clue about his future job will need to get broad knowledge to make up his mind .
Contrary to him , a student who has always known that he wanted to become a scientist for instance will have to attend special classes .

First , I think that most students who arrive in university do not know exactly what job they want to do , so they need to attend general classes .
Indeed , they often expect university classes to help them make a choice of carreer .
In this case , I am convinced that getting a broad knowledge through different academic subjects is well adapted since it gives students the time and the information to make a relevant choice for their future .
In like manner , general classes are an asset since they provide students with the necessary bases of general knowledge .
A significant evidence is that a student who wants to work on the stock market - which is a pretty specifical and technical field - will have to attend accountancy classes to know how the accounts of a firm work .
Likewise , a student who is planning to set up his own business will need to have a clear view on the grounds like marketing , law , finance , management and the like .

Second , when a student is totally convinced that he will do one specific job in the future , I think that studying one specific subject can be more strategic .
Indeed , to become efficient in one kind of technical job , you need to get specific knowledge by attending a specific class .
For instance a student who wants to become a dentist will have to do hard studies to be able to exercise this job .
In order for him not to waste time and to go straight to the point , he will need to learn subject taughts in one specifical class .

All in all , it depends on the carreer you want to have .
Enjoyment means entertainment , satisfaction of one 's soul and containment with the happenings in life .
I would like to disagree with this statement .
This is because entertainment would mean differently to different people .
Entertainment depends on various factors like the person 's attitude and his notion or perspective on entertainment .

The younger generation tends to enjoy themselves by going to parties , meeting new people , making new friends and going for long drives .
The way a youngster enjoys himself or herself depends on the attitude and nature of the individual .
Some people might like to go to parties for entertainment while others might like to watch a movie .

On the other hand the older people might also do the same things that youngsters do or they may engage in activities considered as dull and boring by the youngsters .
I would like to take examples of two famous personalities here who despite their age never complained of boredom .
Firstly , I would like to take the example of Mother Teresa who despite her old age found enjoyment in playing with children and serving the needy .
Secondly , I would like to take the example of the famous painter , M.F. Hussain .
M.F. Hussain is more than eighty years old but finds enjoyment in his paintings .
He likes to draw and finds his entertainment in his drawings .

We can find people both among younsters and aged who remain depressed and do not tend to enjoy themselves .
They lead the life of a loner and stay in recluse .
The youngsters have a pressure to make their life which may in turn have an effect on the way they tend to enjoy themselves .
But this might not be the case with the older people .
They have a life , they have attained their goals and can live a peaceful life which in itself is an enjoyment .
The old people also tend to enjoy themselves by talking to others of their age and about their life 's experiences .

Thus we see that the entire concept of enjoyment differs from one person to other .
We can never say with surity that youngsters tend to enjoy more than the old people .
Everything depends on the nature and the attitude of people .
If somebody wants to enjoy age is never a deciding factor .
It 's the perspective and the likes and dislikes of a person which tends to decide how well the person is enjoying his life .
Some people like to travel in a group tour led by a tour guide , but others like to travel as they like without a tour guide .
I definitely like the latter types of travel .

If you travel in a tour , your schedule are usually already decided .
It is good for some people because they do not need to worry about the places they go and the transportation they need to take to get each place .
However , the tour schedule might not include the specific places where they really want .
Also , as for the time , if they want to stay a place longer , or if they happen to find a place where they want to stop by on the way of the tour , they cannot do that in a tour .

When traveling not in a tour , I think people can enjoy the place and the culture there more .
When I went to Australia to travel from Japan by myself , I needed to speak English all the time , but it was great chances for me to talk with local people directly .
In the tour , usually the tour guide takes the responsibilities for everything , and you have less chances to contact local people and stop by the local and small stores and restaurant .

Also , if you do not join the tour , you even do not have to decide the schedule beforehand .
You can just do whatever you want and go wherever you feel after you get to the place .
You can ask the recommendations to the local people or other travelers ' there .
From my experience , I think there are many small but good places where the regular tour do not visit .

It might be nice to join a tour when you want to travel but you do not want to think anything and just follow somebody .
However , I think the travel is kind of an adventure , and that it is one of the fun parts in the travel to think and plan the places where I go and the schedule for my own trip .
On a personnal account , I think that everyone should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
According to me , specializing in one specific subject is extremely dangerous and could undermine the way our societies work .

Firstly , I assume that being specialized in a particular academic subject is most harmful to your intellectual skills and the way you think .
When you are being taught about a particular subject , you not only learn facts , theories or historical events but you also learn a way of thinking .
For instance , learning mathematics will help you develop a rational process of thinking , nonetheless you will not improve your human relations by resolving equations .
This could explain why some engineers , with a scientifc cultural background , find difficult to evolve in companies .

Secondly , I think that in our developped societies it has become impossible to remain specialized throughout you entire life .
Imagine an artist , she has never taken any courses but artistic ones .
She founds a galery to expose and sell her works , how will she be able to make it if she has never learnt accountancy or marketing methods ?
She will certainly go on bankrupt in a few months .
Had she followed management courses , she would have made her gallery flourish .

I recognize that society still needs very specialized people .
What make things work has become so complex that you cannot hope to succeed if you do not have deep and acurate knowledge .
However , extending this specialization to everyone could jeopardize our societies .
If people did not share the same knowledege and the same cultural background , they could no longer support themselves and live together .
Knowledge creates bounds within people and should always be shared .

In conclusion , I assume that knowledge is a precious gift , you have a right to protect it and share it .
By endorsing broad academic knowledge , you have a clearer acount about people and society , and will be more useful that if you are too specialized .
It may depend on what kind of field or job these successuful people are involved in .
If they are involved in a business industy that requires rapid update and application of creative ideas such as computer or car industry , I agree that sucessful people tend to try new things and take risk rather than doing what they alreayd know how to do well .

Successful people in these fields make a lot of money from successful business .
For example , Bill gates is known to be very rich person in the world as a founder of Microsoft company .
But his company is consistently trying to update the existing computer system or invent innovative new system , rather than staying as they are .
It may apply to most of the big companies that produce brand name products , including vehicles and electronics .
They spend large amount of money for research for the new and better product .
This kind of investment can be considered as taking risks .
Because they may not come up with better product as a result of research and may take a lot longer time to generate better product than they planned .
However , there is a chance to produce product with much more improved quality and this may lead to more successful business .

On the other hand , people that are considered as successful as working in traditionally respected professions , such as doctors or professors , they may not have to take much risks to stay successful .
Becasue their means of making money-treating patients or teaching students-do n't change fast .
Although they may have to keep up with a new trend of field needing to modify their methods .

Therefore , it may depend on the profession or business where they are involved inwhether they have a tendency to take a risk or not .
In my opinion it is not true that young people enjoy life more than older people - for various reasons .
One of the most important reasons for me is that it is impossible to generalize .
Every individual is different .

A shy , introverted young person may find it hard to enjoy life and a lot of teenagers today have a tendency to spend a lot of time inside the house watching TV or playing computer-games rather than to go out and socialize with people their age .
A lot of them seem to prefer living in a virtual world rather than reality .

On the other hand I have noticed that older people can be very communicative and chatty , they still know the importance of socializing , making new friends , getting to know their neighbours and they enjoy having a social network around them - family friends and neighbours .

A lot of young people do go out - but do they enjoy life ?
It always is a question of definition , is n't it ?
Especially in the U.K. there is the phenomenon of binge drinking - mostly young people who try to get completely drunk as quickly as possible .
The effects can be seen in the streets of a lot of cities on a Saturday night .
In a lot of clubs teenagers go to you can get a wide range of drugs .
If that is your idea of enjoying life - have fun !

And then , old people today might not be what they used to be - I think the elder generation has become a lot more active ( and more often than not has a secure income at its disposal ) .
Old people now like to go on holidays , they might even buy their villa in Spain , there is a whole wellness-industry aimed at the older generation .

So , in the end wether you enjoy life or not really is not a question of age but of attitude .
I hardly remember any incident when some young elder member of my community has offered to help me in any way .
The growing globalisation and ever-increasing competetion sees to it that evryone becomes self-celtred and works for one 's own gain , thus significantly reducing any chances of social service or social commitment .
I totally agree that the youth today are not sparing sufficient time helping their communities .
Increasing competition , decline in the moral and ethical standards , uncontrollable desires , advancement of technology have been depriving today 's youth to even think about helping their communities .

If we check out any field , be it academic or non-academic , we see that there is an increasing competetion .
So , to survive in the world of competetion and to retain his place in this very tough world , the young man of today is driven to focus on his career aspects and to continuously spend huge amounts of time bettering his prospects for a better future .

Moreover , we constantly see a continual decline in the moral and ethical standards in any community .
And the people who are more into degraded morals and ethics are the youth .
This degradation of moral values leaves them so hollow that they can hardly think about their communities , let alone helping them .
This moral degradation can be seen quite predominantly in any part of the world today .

Someone rightly said `` Man is driven by desire '' .
The `` Desires '' of today 's youth have become so intense and so uncontrollable that they can hardly resist these desires , and moreover they are being driven by the not-so-good desires .
Desire to advance positively is always conducive to one 's personality , but desiring for `` illegitimate '' things has been having a lethal effect on the individuals personality .
So , this deprives him of the need to think about others in the community and even help them .

With newer and newer technologies arriving in this world , the youth are engaging themselves in taking pleasure in these technologies .
For example , with newer and newer video games in the markets , the youth are driven to purchase them and spend most of their time playing video games .
This culture of playing video games is stealing away so much time that the individual hardly realises it .
Moreover , this particular activity is eating up most of the available free time so that an individual can hardly think about helping his community .

So , keeping all these factors in mind , I totally concur with the statement that today 's youth is not giving adequate time helping their communities .
The process of learning in a school environment is very complicated and involves that a student will nead to acquire many habilities , such as understanding ideas and concepts and learning facts .
I believe that even if both habilities are important , understanding ideas and concepts is more essential for a student than learning facts .

Understanding ideas and concepts is very important for students because it will give them methods to approach problems in other academic fileds , in the day to day life , as well as in a professionnal career once they will start one .

When we talk about understanding ideas and concepts , we talk about an important learning process going on .
For example , when you understand the concept of the prisoner 's dillemma once in your life , you will not forget it , because it is not purely factual , your brain has to connect concepts and ideas together in order to understand it .
Moreover , you will be able to use this concept in other situations , to understand what is going on in a situation where the conditions of the prisoner 's dillema are met .

On the other hand , learning facts , even if it has some importance in the learning process of a student , seams to me something highly mechanical .
Memory is not perfect , and most of the facts that we learn will be forgotten at one point or another in our life anyways .
However , If you forget the date when the Second World War started , or the scientific name of a bug , you can always look in a book or in a dictionary to refresh your memory .

But is knowing the date when the Second World War started ( a fact ) that important compared to knowing what the Second World War is , what kind of issues where at sake , why Germany wanted to invade other countries , etc. ( concepts and ideas ) anyways ?
I believe it is not .
Understanding concepts and ideas is much more valuable in my opinion than simply learning facts , because it allows you to understand the meaning of something , to make your own opinion about it , and to articulate it in order to convince others that your rigth .

In conclusion , even if students needs to learn facts in order to acquire a good education , more attention should be given to understanding ideas and concepts .
I agree with the idea `` It is important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
There are some reasons for this .

Firstly , understanding ideas and concepts is an abstract process .
Namely , they are the things which are difficult to learn or understand for the students .
So , if they are learned by the students the students would be one step further in the teaching and the learning atmosphere .
For example , love is a concept .
Students can love their mother , father , or friends .
This is a easy thing to do .
However , their understanding of the love concept takes some time .
It is more difficult than loving someone .
Moreover , being realistic is an idea .
Maybe , in their daily lives students can be realistic , however , learning the idea of being realistic is more difficult than being realistic .
So , it is more important for the students to learn the ideas and concepts .

Secondly , the facts can change in time .
Moreover , some facts can change person to person .
For example , the fact that the world is flat changed today .
Another example is , there are some rituals in some cultures .
Namely there are some culture specific facts .
For example , according to the culture of Turkey people cry when a person dies .
This is a fact in my country .
However , in Indian culture people never cry for the death person .
They think that the death person is saved from his/her agonies in their lives .
Namely , a fact can change from culture to culture so , learning all the facts are not always useful to the students .

As a result , as the understanding the facts are easy and the need for learning the facts changes from person to person , understanding ideas and concepts is more important , as it is more essential for the students than the other .
After 20th century , car became one of the most familiar thing to people .
Now it is hard to find households which have no cars .
However , it affects environment seriously and also brings more and more traffic congestion .
Certainly it needs some change and it will change to a positive way but we cannot say there will be fewer cars in twenty years .

Car is an essential one in our life and I would say even the society will not be properly going without cars .
In this situation , we cannot imagine the life without cars .
Not only personal cars but also buses and taxis should be included .
Governments try to reduce the number of cars in their countries but it is not an easy process .
FIrstly , they need get agreents from their people and who would give up their cars ?
Without a brilliant solution , it will not work .

However , there will be different kind of change , change on sorts of cars .
Many famous car companies are traying to make more environment-friendly cars for the future .
Hybrid car or electricity car can be good examples .
Also , there are some people who make a car only using solar energy .
Once car companies start to make those cars , there will be even more people who want to drive a car because it that case , no need to spend lots of money for fuel .

Car has got important status in our life already so nothing can replace its role like a mobile .
It is into our life deeply and even more and more children get their own mobile .
I think there will be a same situation in car market .
More and more young people will buy cars and it will be pretty easy to get a car in cheap price .

To conclude , since those reasons that I mentioned above , road will still be full of cars after twenty years .
It must be a different kind of cars , however .
Environment-friendly , driver-fiendly cars will appear in ten years and also we might welcome flying cars like in a movie .
Flying cars will be too further from but the important thing is cars will not disappear ever .
Nowadays , knowledge is something crucial in our societies .
People tend to study more in order to have the necessary knowledge to work and live in society .
But they need a specific knowledge for each situation .

We are going to see first of all , why it is essential to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects and to finally conclude about why it is necessary to specialize in one specific subject .

On one hand , when children are at school , they learn many subjects such as history , geography , mathematics , languages .
They can have an overall view about their culture .
It is essential for people to have broad knowledge in order to express themselves and not to be narrow-minded .
For example , when people are discussing in an every day life conversation or about news from the world , they have to know about what they are talking about .
If they have a lot of culture and broad knowledge , they could talk with other people and have different points of view about many subjects .

On the other hand , when children grow and become students , they have to specialize in one or a few subjects in order to work in companies .
For example , a marketing director is specialized in one subject which is marketing because it is his function in the company .
But being specialized in one subject is not enough .
It is obvious that you have been hired for your specialization but for your knowledge in other subjects too .
The marketing director must also have knowledge in finance to fix his budgets .

In conclusion , being specialized in one specific subject is good but it is not enough .
You need also to have knowledge about many subjects for every day life but also for the labour market .
It is very important to develop this knowledge in order not to be narrow-minded .
You have to be specialized and have also broad knowledge .
Culture and knowledge are two things that can not be dissociated .
Over the pass serval years , there is an common phenomenon that teachers in high schools , or even in the elementry schools try to make up the idea of teaching students concepts on some hard courses .
However , do the students have the high understand of the concepts without the facts of the ideas and statements ?
As far as i am concern , it is more important for strudent to learn facts than it is for them to just understand ideas and concepts due to the interest , senses , and assistance of understanding the concept .

In the first place , learning facts of the statement is more interesting than for students to understand and then memorize the concepts accurately .
Usually , the ideas and concepts are word-for-word stated on the text book and most students do not understand it without teacher 's explaination .
This explaination is required from the teachers offering the facts , which are related tothe concepts on the text book , are easier to understand and memorize .
For example , to understand the concept of The First Law of Conservation Energy - no energy is destroyed or produced in the tranformation of energy , students would choose to understand the facts that the energy has different types of energy such as potential energy and gravitational energy .
Also , an interesting diagram which contains how eneryghg is being transfer would be helpful for students to unterstand the First Law of Conservation Energy .

Moreover , common sense of facts for understanding a complicated concept is useful for students .
Students would use what they see and think in daily life to understand everything they have difficulities with .
For instance , students would understand the water property of adhesion in the example of the water strikes walking on the surface of the water .
In biology , learning facts of all the living things are very important for the student to success since the biology is all based on the fact of lives .

On top of that , the reason why i disagree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them for learn facts is because learning facts are also help students easier to understand the ideas of the study .
As mentioned above , it is very helpful to learn the facts than to learn the basic concepts .

In conclusion , it is more important for students for learn facts in the mordern
In my opinion , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are three advantages of this ; you can discover city perfectly , you can learn their culture and behaviour and if any bad thing happen a guide can help you .

Firstly , a tour guide teaches you about the place where you are visiting .
You may not discover the whole place by yourself .
A guide can give you information about that place .
You can easily visit all of the popular places in that city .
It is bad to learn something about that place after everything is done .
In my shoes , If I am in a foreign country , I should visit everywhere in there .
Because I do not want to feel upset after turning back to my hometown .

Secondly , it is hard learn their culture by yourself .
You may not know how to behave in that culture because you are a foregner .
In adition to this , you can learn their history from your guide .
There are huge gaps between cultures in the world .
You should behave differently in different countries .
For example ; You can drink alcohol in the street in Europe but you can not drink it in Canada .
Without knowing these things you may be in a trouble .

Finally , if an unfortunate thing happens while you are in a different country , you would not know what to do and you would need anybody to help you .
A guide helps you because he is responsible for everybody in his group .
Moreover , he knows the rules in that country , he could easily find the solution of your problem .

In conclusion , it is better to travel with a tour guide than to travel alone .
By a tour guide you would learn more things than you would learn alone .
For me , it is important to have backup that 's why I chose to travel with a
I completely agree that youths now do n't give their communities the time they need to improve because of several reasons : Most of the young people are studying , some of the people are working on two jobs , some young people do n't care about their communities and only think of themselves .

First , Most of the young people are studying .
So the do n't have time to work for their communities .
But in fact , they are helping their societies by getting a good degree and being roll-models for their kids and raising the educational level in their community .

Second , some people have two jobs because of their financial needs while some of them would like to work for their communities but they just do n't have the time .
As a metter of fact , they are helping the society by teaching the children and the other people not to give up in their lives and to work very hard to improve theirselves .
I remmember a saying that my father used to say to me which is `` No body will spoon feed you '' and just right now I truely understand the real meaning of it .

Another reason is that , some people only think of themselves and do n't pay any attention and care for any one else .
These kind of people destroy the community be their selfishness while other people try to improve it .
I think the best treatment for these people is to be advised by important people who have made a great improvement on the community .

In conclusion , I think the three reasons I 've written above are enough to illustrate that people do n't help their community because they do n't have the time not because they do n't have the desire to work for the community exept some sick people who should be treated .
I do not agree with the statement , mainly for three reasons .
The fist one is that old people have lived much more than younger people have and thus they have more experience in life , the second one is that the are more mature and for this reason they do not have extreme attitude changes as youngsters do and the last one is that old people have more money to spend since they are working .

With the experience that old people have in their lives , I mean that they have experienced many feelings and have been in many situations that young people have not , and then , they can take the maximum of each day , the enjoy any moment because they know that certain situations will never be repeated , they use to see the future and prepare for it while young people just want to live day by day , not worring about the future .

My second reason is that older people are more matture and thus they do not have that radical changes in attitude that young people have .
Enjoying of this stability provides old people with a great advantage that can be used to dedicate the exact ammount of time to each activity , not wasting time like youngsters do .
Also , this characteristic is important in order to keep risks away by making the correct decisions and to avoid doing stupid things .

Finally and not less important is the factor of the money .
I would like to mention the importance of having financial stability in order to enjoy the life doing what we like .
An old person has the opportunity to wok hard and save money to take some vacations or tavel around the world while a young person rarely has this opportunity because they are studiyng and it is hard for them to work and study at the same time .
Because of this reason , older people can really enjoy life by doing great activities that will enrich their person .

As a conclusion , I would like to say that old people enjoy more the life than younger people do .
The reasons I have presented are just three but there are many other that can confirm that a mature person can enjoy a lot the life while the young people can be just living an illusory hapiness .
In these modern days , every each person wants to be successful .
I do n't know if they want it because of surviving or just for their egos .
I recognized that there are really much more people are becoming successful .
why ?
I think they are doing the right things that they already know how to do well .
There are reasons but first , people can start what they want to do with experience and second , sometimes taking risk can cause to go deep and fail so people would n't have a chance to get things well .

I think experience is the most important issue .
For example my mother always tells me to wear socks but I never do it until I have got a really painful stomachache !
And I always tell my mother not to warn me about anything because when bad things happened to me I understand well .
there 's another example that , my father is a pharmasist and I want to be a pharmasist too .
why do I want it ?
it 's all about my father 's experiences .
he knows everything about pharmact so I can use his knownledge .
I see my father is working and I know how he does it .
I do n't want to be a teacher or engineer while I have already have my father as a pharmasist .

Sometimes people want to take risks but trying new things is not safe at all .
If they want to have a business they have to think about first and they should get informations or help from the people who have experience already .
I think this is such a mindless thing !

Being a successful person is not so easy like leaving everything to chance .
Sometimes people need to be excited , and taking risk is a exciting thing but it may not brings luck .
If people want to survive and have a good life they need to be successful so they must do everything well .
I 'm sure if they have experience they would be lucky because they would make their life easy .
With the rapid development of society and technology , the cars we use today migh have something different in the future .
I strongly agree that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today twenty years later in consideration of economic , earth-friendly , and technological factors .

First , the great number of cars and the shortage of oil trouble many industrial countries in the world .
Generally speaking , cars are proved to be the worst efficient transportation .
It is because that we usually drive alone but a car can take at least four people at a time .
The space is not used is a waste of time and money .
People will rethink about the necessarity of driving cars , especially when the price of the oil is so expensive .
Driving cars is not an economic choice at all today .

The second reason why I think cars will be replaced soon is that cars bring out too many disadvantages to both human and the earth .
Even though that sometimes people think that it is very convenient to drive a car , it cause more pollution than we expect , such as noise and air pollution .
Many studies show that the air pollution caused by cars have negative impacts on the fertility of animals .
Not mention that the noise pollution causes health problems .
Therefore , I think the natural resource on earth , the most precious treasure shared by all human and animals , should be protected by using less cars .

Lastly , technologies will change the way of life when it comes to the desperate needs of customers .
Many scientists and businessmen today are looking forward to having some new mass transit system or inventions to replace the cars .
Take the Internet for example , people can take online course and do online shopping without driving out .
Hence , maybe twenty years later , we do not need cars to go to another place .
Instead , we can do all the things by the aids of technologies in communication and transportation .

In summary , I believe that the numbers of cars will decrease in twenty years for cars consume too much oil , cars cause a series of pollution , and more cutting-age mass transit system will be provided .
As a result , I think that the decreasing of cars will be just around the corner .
I personly believe , that in the modern world it is essential to have specific knowledge .
Life in the modern world ins influenced by computers , machinery and complex problems therefore it needs well educated people to solve those problems .
For example , nobody is going to ask his personal doctor which he sees when he has a flue if he can also do a heart surgery or transplant organs .
The same applays to a lawyer .
Today the field of law is so complex that it is not possible for one person to have an overlook over all existing statuts or decisions .
A lawyer practising in family law typically does not understand the functioning of a company .
Therefore if you operate a company or you are planning to do a merger you are trying to find the best possible lawyer available .
You need an expert who knows what he is doing and is making sure that you are not in the risk of liablity .
You need a lawyer who specified in corporate law , who is an expert in M & A , somebody who knows the court decisions and all statues possibly beeing effected by the merger .
Somebody who does not put his whole afford in that one thing ( area of practice ) will not be able to compete with other lawyers in the field and most important , he will not be able to get the best possible solution possible .

Of course it is very important that people do have a wide knowledge and that includes for example knowledge of literature and music but that does not mean that he should not be an expert in something .
I believe that everybody should take differend classes in college but he should focus on one area .
It is essential to know how a computer is operating but you will not call a lawyer or doctor to fix your problems with Microsoft .
Since problems will become more specific at the one hand and more people are unemployed on the other side it is neccesary that people specialice in on field , so that they will have a chance on the job market .
Not like a century ago people today do not have to be a farmer , construction worker and fisherman at the same time .
As stated above I believe that the complex world makes it even more important that people specialize in a specific subject .
First of all , it has to be metioned that the concept of ` enjoying life ' is dramatically different for a teenager and for an older person .
Even if this concept should be present in life from the cradle to the grave .

On the one hand , it is generally accepted that young people are physically more capable than older people .
As a result , they will normally not enjoy life by doing the same kind of things .
Indeed , going out in a club on saturday night is surely quite unusual for most elderly people .
They may prefer to travel on an organized trip or to read a good book .
Older people also have the advantage of being retired , which allows them to have more time for leisure , holidays abroad , etc ,

On the other hand , young people usually have less experience in life and have a tendency to make `` youth mistake ' .
They are usually less wise in making decisions and will sometimes face a lot of problems .
Furthermore , young people get more and more responsabilities as they become older .
for instance , the ones who study have to attend classes regularly , to do homework , to write a memoire or a these on a particular subject .
Others will have to work , to care for their children or face money problems .
Indeed , generally speaking , older people tend to have less money problems because they are not menaced by unemployment and mainly have their accomodation mortgage paid .
Undeniably , less responsabilities give you more time to enjoy life .

However , in my opinion , enjoying life is not really a matter of age , I feel that quotes like `` life begins with 40 '' are totally wrong .
For me , life begins every morning when you wake up .

In conclusion , we were all given the choice to do what we want with our life and should take advantage of this opportunity .
Life is short and enjoying it every single day , regardless of either you are young or old is definitely a conditio sine qua none to happiness .
I agree with the statement that young people today do not give enough time to helping their comminities .
This can be attributed to some of the social as well as educational problems that we are having today .

Firstly , the accumulation of wealth in our society has made the life of the young today much easier than their father generations .
The young usually lead comfortable life that they do not have to worry about anything .
This type of life has caused them to have a lack of experience of problems that people can meet in life and have little understanding of other people 's needs .
As a result , they may not have the initiative to take part in any community works .
For example , a typical family in Singapore enjoys the living standard of a developed country and the young people in the country mostly cares about the popular stars in the media or in the sports only .
They lack the caring attitudes for other people and they do not care about the community works either .

Secondly , the education that young people received today mainly focuses on academics and extra curriculum acitivities , which usually have high criteria for them to achieve .
As a result the young will be likely to concentrate themselves on their respective school works only that they do not spare their time for community works .
In the case of Singapore , the students receive very high expectations from both their teachers and parents .
Many of them have to strive hard to achieve certain goals .
In addition to that , the extra curriculum activities may occupy majority of their spare time including the time after school and the weekends so much that they may only be able to leave school after nine o'clock in the night each day .
In circumstances like above , the students will not have the time to go for community works even if they wish to .

The Third reason to the little participation of young today in community work today may be attributed to the kind of education that they receive at home .
In the case of Singapore , the parents do not encourage the children to go out and get involved in community works because these are regarded as `` Adults ' work '' .
The young grown up in this kind of family background will have a natural notion to stay away from the community works .
This may only apply to the case of Singaproe , but for the cases of many other countries , some parents may try to influence the children not to getting involved in teh community works because these works do not bring them benefits !
The family education of this type may install a sense of selfishness in the young and restrain them from community work .

In conclusion , the young people are not giving enough time to help their communities , but it is not a problems that oriented from the young alone .
According to my opinion , it is not true that young people enjoy life more than old people do , rather , they enjoy it in other ways that would seem unsuitable for younger individuals .

I believe that as time elapses , physical abilities worsen while intellectual abilities are enhanced , and this might be a reason why a 15 year old boy enjoys his spare time out in the yard playing soccer while his 70 year old grandfather might use the same time in front of the fireplace reading a philosophy book .

It is simply that by living and going through new experiences we adjust our expectations , we realize what we want to do and what is better for us to do .

The mere fact that a young boy regards as extremely boring what older people do in order to spend time and have fun , does not mean that they are actually not having fun and enjoying their lives .

Of course , older people seem to be able to choose from a limited range of activities with respect to what a younger person is , but still , it does not make the point : life should be lived and enjoyed completely from birth to death .

There is one little , and yet , extremely important thing that every human being needs in order to do this , and that is health .
Unfortunately a lot of what affects our health cannot be directly controlled , but much can be prevented , and we should bear this in mind throughout our lives .
Life , sometimes , seems to be something really fragile amd that is why we have to be more careful about it .
Increasing your lifespan can be really enjoyable , many disagree on this point , but if you do not live , then you cannot even say you had a chance to enjoy your life .

Older people live a different period of life than the one younger people live and this cannot be the reason why older people should be considered to enjoy life less than younger people do .
Deciding whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject is a complex issue .
On one hand , a broad general knowledge is apprexiated within society .
On the other hand , today 's global and competitive business environment requires specialization on a certain area of interest .
In my view , the advantages of specialization on a specific subject offsets the possible advantgaes of having a general knowledge of many academic subjects .

Firstly , business environment is getting more integrated and complicated day by day .
Technical developments in technology and science makes it impossible to know everything .
Since narrowing the focus of interest on one specific topic ease the intellectual improvement process .

Secondly , high competition in business and academic world motivates people to have in-depth knowledge about a certain field of interest .
Having confidence a specific topic can be considered as a prerequisite of professionalism .
Colleques value thoughts or opinions only if they trust a person 's expertise and competency about the subject .

Thirdly , specialization is a growing trend in busines life .
Especially , expert are looked for in crises situations .
Thus , the ambiguity or recessions in business cycle may be an opportunity for a specialized employee to verify his/her competency on a specific subject .
Also , specialization enhance the probability of promotion or shortens the time needed to reach a career goal .
For instance , Nissan , the Japanese car manufacturer , needed a new CEO for the inefficiency of operations causing losses in recent years .
Nissan offered the position to a Renaults employee who specialized in increasing efficiency in operations and dealing with crisis situation .
Specialization enabled the manager to take steps quickly .

Under the light of above reasons , specializing on a specific topic rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is a motivating factor behind success
I disagree with the statement because man has always been on the for methods to make his life more convinient , and as far as getting from one palce to another on a daily basis is concerned , four-wheelers are what make his life comfortable and so he has no qualms in procuring a car if he can afford one .

In twenty years from now , it is unlikely that population of the world would decrease or even remain fairly constant , and with more and more automobile firms introducing cost-effective cars it is safe to assume that in the future more and more people will be able to afford cars and hence the number of cars on the roads will increase .

Another major factor to support my claim is the fact that no concrete laws exist keep in check the number of vehicles in a particular region .
This allows people , especially families , to purchase as many number of cars they want as per their requirement .

Also the fact that people now consider two wheelers to be dangerous to ride also lends support to my stand .
people now are well informed of the increasing number of two wheeler accidents which can be attributed to their relative instability and insecurity ac compared to cars .
they feel reluctant to use a two wheeler when they have the option of using a car and hence as time progesses it is safe to say that this preferance will indeed cause an increase in the number of cars in the coming years .

Technological advancements in the automobile industry will also allow people to use `` non-polluting '' vehicles in the future .
with the increasing number of pollution norms such cheap and `` clean '' vehicles will provide an escape route for the world 's population whose rising numbers will obviously lead to the popularity and widespread use of such vehicles in comparision to today i hope that with the arguments stated above , it would be easy to forsee the increasing number of cars in the years to come .
It is sad to say so , but I am afraid it would be completely the opposite .
Not only there will not be fewer cars in twenty years but there will be more cars that our roads , fuel resources and specially , environment will be able to take over .
It seems that in these days everybody has a car , new , second-hand , blue or red , compact or station-wagon , whatever the shape or model , when a young man or woman reaches the appropiate age to drive , they get one car .
And this is specially true in the case of USA , where a person has nothing to do without a car .
Everybody gets a car as soon as possible , not only because it is cheap .
Also because long-distance communications throughout USA may be really good , but that is not the case when it comes to short distances .

Moreover , when you are driving , if you take a look around other cars next to you , what you see is that most cars are only filled with one person .
Maybe most of the people are heading towards the same direction , but nobody agrees to share the car , which will result into less fuel expense and from that into less air pollution .

My opinion is also based on the fact that public transportation is already well developed , except in cities where there is a possibility of building an undergrown net .
I do not see any future perspective of an alternative vehicle but who knows what will happen in twenty years .
Those futuristic films where we could see spaceships floating on the air seem to be very faraway .

It is true that every day there are more low-cost airlines that provide very cheap flights .
But cars will never be replaced for short-distance travels .
There will be more and more cars and this will have a terrible impact on our environment which already damaged by the pollution that cars produce .
The best thing would consist on finding a new type of fuel , based on natural components instead of petrol , a new efficient and friendly-environmen
Most of us , at least once in our lives , were dissapointed by a brand-new product we had just bought after being seduced by a flashy advertisement .
After learning the bitter truth that the product is not the least of what is presented in its advertisement , we understand that we were swindled by an advertisement .
I agree with the fact that most of the time advertisements make the products seem much better than they actually are .

The very simple and powerful trait of an advertisement is that the very reason of its existence is to make the product seem more appealing and attractive to the customer .
The advertisers primarily aim to show the best properties of their product while hiding its weaknesses behind the curtains .
For instance , while watching an advertisement about a video game to be released in the market , it is highly unlikely that you will hear anything about the possible dangers of the game such as provoking violence , especially on the target audience .
In the advertisement , you will only see the beauties and improvements of this video game compared to prior ones , such as its graphical superiority , or development in its scenario etc ...

Secondly , an advertisement will always try to impress the customer at first sight .
The idea here is to create an illusion in the mind of the customer to convince him to purchase the product .
I remember a very notable example for this .
When I was 10 years old , I desperately wanted to have a bicycle since most of my friends possessed one .
I remember very clearly that when I saw an ostentatious advertisement about a mountain bike , I fell for it .
I repeated a million times to my father that I craved for that bicycle .
After seeing the bicycle I remember my father being doubtful about purchasing it because it simply was n't the bicycle that we saw in the advertisement !
Without giving a second thought I went furious .
And eventually my father bought that bicycle .
Using it for several months , when my passion faded away , I realized my mistake , but it was too late .

Last but not the least , the advertisements try to catch the customer by aiming to the subconscious .
The advertisers study the minds of the customers , namely their target audience , to make them surrender to the idea that the product is absolutely necessary in their lives .
They achieve this by using certain gestures , words or displays in advertisements to catch the customer without awakening his conscience .
For example , an advertisement about a car might include a beautiful lady to imply that purchasing the car will also provide the charisma or respect required to impress the lady .
The target audience here which consists of mainly males , will be impressed by the car without really acknowledging this trick .

All in all , there are several ways for the vendors to make their products seem much better than they actually are .
Eventhough , this statement should not mean that all the products with impressive advertisements are exaggerated in their display , it is definitely true for most of the products because advertising simply means to make it seem attractive .
I completely agree with the statement that it is more important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

In today 's world the quality of the education system has certainly gone down .
Now a these days more stress is being put on the students to learn facts rather than focusing on the understanding of ideas and concepts .
eg : A student is stressed to learn when the World War II started or which countries were fighting in the war rather than providing an understanding to them whether the war was necessary or not ?
What could be the consequences of another war of the same sort taking place in the future ?

In today 's world one has to be innovative , creative and original .
The education system in today 's world does not input any of these qualities in a child .
These qualities can only be inputted through proper understanding of ideas and concepts and not by mere facts .
The above mentioned qualities contribute greatly in one 's success .

Facts are also important .
A student should definitely be familiar with the historic events .
eg : the date when his/her country got independence , how they got it , the names of the freedom fighters etc .
But these are just for knowledge .
They are not going to contribute in one 's success .

If a child learns only facts at school and does not understand idea and concepts then he might even have a problem finding jobs .
He might not do well in his job interviews where they test your understanding of things concerned .

So I definitely think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts .
I also hope that the education system in makes the required changes in their procedures and focuses more on the understanding of ideas and concepts rather than facts .
The world today demands for students to understand that an education is a tool that is used to `` keep the world going . ''
Now , many students choose to learn the bare minimum to get by in their professional careers , and are exempting from their lives that understanding concepts and ideas is more important than to just learn quick facts .

In my experience understading a specific subject in a class has enriched my learning abilities , and given me the satisfaction of understanding every detail of that specific course .
I have seen many of my classmates barely get by through school , because they rely on learning quick facts , pass coursed , and then receive a diploma so they can join the work force .
I strongly belive that they join the real world unprepared .
The student body that uses facts as a method of learning will have incovienient disabilities understanding concepts later in life becuase they will not know how to analyze situations correctly and solve problems .
As simple as a fact can be , it may influence learning significantly , for example , Fact : If students use the method `` memory dump '' as soon as they receive the test , it will help them to do better .
Well , If students would rely more on understading the subject matter and the ideas they are being tested on prior to the exam , they would not have to rely on `` memory dump . ''
I am in complete accordance with students experiencing life through understading concepts and ideas , since this way they may always be able to spread their knowlege with other people .
Just imagine living life with only facts , that many times are uneccessary and vague , whereas to live life with the full knowledge that you can explain or simply express any topic due to the understading you aquired during your learning period .
`` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
Regarding the actual circumstances , such an assertion might appears surprising and even unrealistic .
Indeed , the selling rate of cars keeps increasing all over the word and especially in overcrowded countries such as India or China .
However , I agree and hope it will be true .
Reducing the number of car is in fact a fundamental element in order to protect the environment and to preserve futur generations from dramatic aftermaths .
I acknowledge it is going to be very hard to realise such an affirmation but it is not impossible .
Indeed , more and more people are aware of the importance of what is in stake when dealing with environment .
They become more and more conscious of the necessity not to use the car too often .
Even politics realise it .
In many Europeans capitals , decisions have been taken in order to deter people from using their car and encourage them to use other types of transports such as metro or buses .
In London , for instance , you must pay an important amount of money each time you want to go to the city with your car .
In Paris , reforms have also been made in favour of buses .
Another important factor not environmental but economic will help the the reduction of the number of cars to be achieved .
Statistics have shown that the price of the gasoil have increased so much during the last couples of years that people no longer can afford it as they used to be able .
Therefore , they do not used it as often as they used to do .
If such a trend were to be confirmed in the next twenty years , people might think about no buying a car anymore .
Also , a '' natural element '' will probably plead in favour of the reduction of the numbers of cars .
Gasoil is a limited natural ressource .
Unless a new resource were to discovered in the futur , cars might simply not be able to be in use anymore because of the lack of petroleum .
Both our planet and our way of life have evolved throughout the decades , and we can notice several major shifts during the last century for instance .
One great invention was the rather recent creation of cars and this event has strongly influenced our daily life .
However , for several reasons , I am convinced that in the next twenty years , the use of cars is going to decrease a lot .

For a very long time , mankind has not taken care of the environmental health and state .
Indeed , in every countries , the citizens have polluted their beaches , their plains , their air etc .
When cars appeared , this phenomenon actually spread until today , so that the situation is rather critical nowadays .
Nevertheless , in recent times , many international and political leaders such as Kofi Annan the UN secretary for instance ; many international organizations like the United Nations , WWF or Green Peace , have criticized these wrong habits and try to promote a better way of life , without cars .
Thus , I think that many people among the citizens have realized that they all had a major role in their planet 's health and they might indeed respect the advices of the ecologists organizations , by using their car less for example .

Moreover , in many countries , several political leaders have conducted a special policy based on the development of public transports such as bus , plane , train etc .
They have decided to decrease the costs of these infrastructures , they have invented special cards at lower costs for the students , the elderly , for instance so that they tend to use these transports rather than cars .
Besides , specialists in urbanism in many major cities such as New York , Paris etc have developed the network of these structures so that always more people can use them .

Finally , on an economic scale , because of the wars , the tensions in the countries that belong to the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( OPEC ) , the prices of oil have increased up to more than 70 dollars per barrel .
Given that cars mostly use oil today , many consumers try to decrease their consumption of oil , and as a consequence , they tend to use much less their vehicles .
If the prices of oil keep increasing , which in my opinion will be the case ( fewer new wells of oil are discovered today in the world ) , I am certain that this will reduce the expansion of cars .

As a conclusion , I would say that I am convinced that there will indeed be fewer cars in about twenty years , whether it be for economic , political or environmental reasons : the domination of cars has come to an end !
It is often said that young people do not give enough of their time to help the communities .
In my opinion this is not true because of serveral reasons .
Firstly the workload is steadily increasing and thus the time available is becoming less and less .
It is also clear that young poeple do help their communities but it is just less recognized by everyone esle in society .

Young people often have to make important decisions and steps in their lives .
This needs a lot of time to be put in and it requires the a lot of engagement of the student .
An example would be the university application process .
The selection of university and the time consuming creation of a personal statement .
This is further promoted by the pressure which is put on youngsters by all kinds of different institutions for example sport teams , school , colleges and parents .

Even thouh every individual person is more and more self centred it would be a wrong generalization to disregard any community work which is done by young adults .
Such community work ranges from charity events for local disabled person centres to the actual help done by many people to be a superviser in such a centre .
Often this is done voluntarily and no financial wage is received by the helping people .

Another reason is that such work is often not recognized by the general public because it is incorporated into school activity .
Such an example would be the CAS whcih all students in my school have to complete .
This involves 60 hours of sports , action and service .
Especially the service is often achieved by helping out in charity events or fundraising for local communities but also for bigger organisations for example UNICEF .
UNICEF is collecting money and with this money they are helping people in a different part of the world .
This may as well lead to the conclusion by others that no community work is being done because they ca n't see the results of such an involvement .

In conlcusion it has to be noticed that the work young poeple do today has indeed changed an may even be less than it used to be .
But in general there is still the same effort put into this work and the results can be seen in many examples .
This statement reflects the desintrest of many adults in the work done by young people and wants to compare two different periods of time which is obviously not possible .
As far as i am concerned , I think that young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities .
Maybe my answer seem to appear like selfish even if it is not my aim .
At first sight , i think that nowadays young people has got a great deal of work to do and therefore less freetime .
For instance , young people must go to university to study but on top of that most of them are forced to work besides their study to earn some money in order to pay their school .
As a result , it is hard for these young people to find the time to helping their communities .
Actually when you finish your school at the end of the day you want to escape from reality and therefore relax and ease the tension of the day 's hard work .
You do not want in your leisure time to go and help your communities .
I am conviced that when you are young you have to take advantage of life .
Consequently , you have to enjoy yourself and have fun because you know that one day when you will become a grown up you will have to support responsabillities and obligations in your town or city .
Moreover , sometimes in certain situations young people wo n't have enough experience to deal with the problem whereas older person will make the right decision .
Nevertheless , it is undoubtful that helping communities might be a rewarding experience for young people because they will improve their knowledge thanks to the older advices .
In fact , it should be an opportunity for young people to evolve in a good way .
Even if these young people think that helping their communities is a misfortune it can also appear as an asset because thay can learn a great deal of things that will help them in the future .
But the main problem as always is time .
I tend to disagree with this statement .

First of all , young people , who take part in youth organizations such as the scouts do regularly provide services to their communities by organizing activities to collect funds to finance some community projects or to help volunteering organizations in their work .
They also often visit older people or people suffering from serious diseases in hospitals .

Secondly , I disagree with the use of the term `` nowadays ' in the proposed statement .
Older people always complain about the fact that modern societies are not as good as the societies in the past .
I refuse to accept this idea .
People have the tendency to remember better the good and nice things they saw a long time ago than the bad things that occured to them in the past .
This is , according to me , the main reason why societies in the past seem to be better than the society we presently live in .
Therefore , even though people might think that children and teenagers do not help their communities enough , believing that it was different before is a mistake .
People always provided help for their communities and other people always complained that it was not enough .
Nothing here is new .

Thirdly , the degree by which young people help their community depends on the culture and the tradition of the country in which they live .
Drawing universal conclusions is acording to me not as evident when it comes to an evaluation of whether young people are involved with providing help for their community or not .
As a matter of fact , it can be true that in some regions of the world , young people quite individualists in their point of views and therefore will not think easily about helping others without a financial or another compensation for themselves .
But in other regions , such for example Chine , young children and teenagers get used to help others for free since a very young age .
In these societies , young people will therefore quicklier go to help their communities .

In short , people always did and always will complain about the fact that young people do not help enough their communities but I disagree wiht them .
I think that these people do not realize that groups of young people such as the scouts help their communities as much as they can , that they forget that things were not so different in the past and that helping others without asking for compensation is for sure very much culturally determined .
Car industry is one of the biggest industry of the world today .
Car are part of the daily life of people all over the world .
I do n't know how many people takes their car every morning to reach their job location ?
So , for sure I can not imagine our society without cars today ...
but in twenty years ?

To try to answer to this problematic I will first hightlight the reasons why I think it 's possible to have fewer cars in use in twenty years .
Then I will focus on the opposite argument .

First we can consider that with the development of other transportation industries like planes , trains , buses etc ...
people will more and more use these transports instead of their car .
This will be probably more true for people who lives in big cities .
For example , in Mexico city , you may take 4 hours to cross the city from the North to the South .
But if you use the buses or subways network , one hour could be enough ...
So what I would like to demonstrate is that the use of the car could be a drawback in such situation and I think that people will be more and more aware about that .
The other factor that can influence people to use less their car is the competitive prices of other transportations .
For example , with the low cost companies you can go and go back from Paris to Milano by plane for around 50 US dollars .

Secondly , I have to admit that even if new opportunities to move from a point to another one are increasing and will continue to , people like and need to have their own car .
I will take two examples to show how I imagine the way the cars in use will increase .

For instance , In France ( but I guess it 's the same in most countries ) , people are more and more living in the suburbs or big citties .
They think the quality of the life there is better .
But with this new way of life , they will for sure need to use their car to go to the center of the city where their job is , but also the supermarket etc ...

The second example I would like to give you is a Mexican example .
In Mexico , you use cars to show your social level .
So most of the rich Mexican people owns more than one car .
They have a car to go at work , a car to go out , a car to do shopping etc ...
But Mexico will be probably more developed in twenty years , that means more wealthy people and so more cars in use ...

So , from my point of view , in twenty years we will propably be able to decrease the number of cars in use , but due to the social life amd the habits of people it will be impossible .

To conclude I will say that even if I do n't believe it will be possible in twenty years , I really hope that it would be in the future ...
we need to preserve our environment ..
The issue at hand is whether one should try new things and therefore put something at risk , or just stick to areas one already has experience in .
In times of globalization , economies develop at an enormous pace - people do have even less time to , for example , invent new theories or machinery .
Otherwise they will not be able to compete successfully in a globalized economy .
Thus , it is important to always explore new areas , in order to remain competitive .

I am strongly convinced that research is one of the essential keys to success for many industries - research can open new , fascinating oportunities that will help your company to be successful .
However , research relies on moving into fields that have not yet been explored .
In order to invent something remarkably new , people always have to think one step further .
If one company tries to keep to its roots and therefore avoids beeing progressive , failure will not wait long .

Moreover , getting an insight into new , unexplored areas is not only useful but also highly interesting - not only for researchers themselves but also for customers who steadily are longing for new technologies in all fields of industry .
People are used to , to always have something newer and better than their neighbours - if this competition ended , people would loose one of their main goals in live .
Therefore , companies do have the task to satisfy their customer 's needs , by exploring new technologies , if they want to remain successful .

I am of the opinion that taking a certain risk , to some extend , is n't even evitable .
A risk-free life is not imaginable to me , due to the fact that you have to take decisisons repeteadly , without knwoing what comes out .
People who are not able to make any decisions at all will definetly not have a good job , a satisfying life and and therefore will definetly not feel happy .

To sum up , not only companies but also individuals - so to speak , everybody - need to take a certain risk , if they want to be successful .
We all are interested in reading about cars and dream of owning a car .
It is one of the first few items that we plan to buy if someone asks us what we would do if we win a lottery ?
If we observe the recent trend in car manufacturing , the demand for cars is ever growing .
I dont think there is any chance that people will stop using cars in years to come .
Infact I feel that in twenty more years , this craze of buying a car is going to multiply even further and there will be more cars in use than there are today .

Twenty years is a very less time span to let go off a luxury like owning a car .
Owning a car has become a status symbol .
People want to own a car just beacuse it improves their standing in the society .
In less developed countries , the level of noise and air pollution created by the use cars is unbeleivable .
Laws and regulations have little effect on the demand for cars in these countries .

Car manufacturing industry is a huge industry with a turn over of millions of dollars per month all over the world .
Who would possibly give up such a profitable business ?
Instead we are going to see more number of new and new cars & more number of commercials attracting people to buy these cars in coming years .

People are not going to stop using cars overnight .
So many factors come into play when we talk about not using cars .
The governments will have to improve the public transport to a level wherein people will prefer travelling by public commute rather than using a car .
That looks like a distant possibility in some nations .

Modern technology has invaded our lives to a level where man finds it difficult to survive without it .
Cars , cellfones , television sets , music systems , washing machines , refrigerators and other such things have become a part of our life .
We cannot think about living a life which lacks in the comforts given by these modern machines .
Car is just one of the many things man has created for his own comfort .

Man has failed to realise that these machines are causing more harm than their known uses .
These modern machines have ruined our earth 's atmosphere and oneday will lead us to extinction .
If we want to survive , we will have to take one big step towards minimising the use of these machines specailly cars that cause so much of pollution .
I do not agree with the statement that says that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
We usually travel for different purposes , but when traveling is intended to be just for pleasure , the best way to do it is not in a group led by a tour guide .

Tours are usually restricted and scheduled , which does not allow you to stay more days in a place that you liked or visit other things that you would like to see that are not included in your tour itinerary .

The best way to travel is to plan your trip before hand , do some research over the place that you intend to go to , see which are the most appealing attractions and see if you can reserve the hotel rooms or if possible plan other activities that you know you will be doing .

The only situation in which I believe it is a good idea to travel in a group led by a tour guide is if you are visiting the country for the first time or if you know that you will not have the time to do the research before getting to the place .
Another important factor is the language .
Usually , when you go to another country most of the times you can do pretty well if you know how to talk in English , but there are some very exotic places in very remote areas where this will not be much of an useful tool .
In this situation , if you do not know the language spoken in that region , the best thing you can do is to travel with a tour guide .
Unless you have a very adventurous spirit and would like to have some fun getting lost or getting into very peculiar situation that you can later tell to your grandchildren .
Traveling alone is much more exciting than traveling with a tour guide , but not all people are willing to live such and experience .
As the famous wise thought goes , `` The biggest risk in life is not taking one '' .
In order to be successful one has to take that extra risk in today 's world .
We are currently in the era of globalization and the world is getting flat day by day due to technological advancements and improved communications .
Oppourtunities are enormous , we need to go out there and grab them .
Every oppourtunity brings with it its own advantages and risks .
In order to be successful one has to take that risk associated with the oppourtunity .

I would like to quote my own example for this topic .
I worked as a medical editor and transcriber for a company for three years .
I was happy with my job and doing fairly well .
But , my dream was bigger and i wanted to make my own business someday in the domain of medical technology .
At one point of time , I had an oppurtunity knocking my door wherein i had developed contacts with few clients with whom i could start up my independent business in medical technology .
In order to accomplish this dream , i dared to take a risk of leaving my job and going ahead and setting up a small firm arranging for the finances through a bank loan , and leasing premises for an office .
Not having a management background , i had a tough time setting up a business and meeting ends , but i reliazed that i learnt through my own experiences , i faced downfalls but learnt from it and didnt repeat the mistakes .
Careful planning , hard work , and delevering timely to the clients paid off .
Today , I have a succesfull running business in electronic medical record processing .

The risk that i took at one point of time in life has paid me back and I am doing much more better than i would have done if i continued to do what i could do well on my job .
On The Premium Art of Risk Taking

Success is a very well balanced cocktail .
A person whose quest is for success should keep in mind that without taking risk , gaining is virtually impossible .
But taking risks is an art in which one should be extremely careful and wise .
One should know his vices and virtues , he should know what he is capable of .
Taking risks by planning cunningly and regardingly what you already know how to do well is the recipe to the elixir .

When one studies politics , bussiness or military science , he 'll see that success is nearly always achieved by risks taken cunningly .
But one will also see that many failures are caused by miscalculated or misinterpretated risks .
A person who is in the position to take risks should ever be aware that things can always go bad ; therefore risks should always lean on some quality the risk taker posesses .
Let 's take the battle of Thermopylai as an example .
The Spartans and their allies took the risk of facing an Persian army that multiplied them in numbers .
The Spartans ` knew ' that they had superior training in infantry tactics and that the battlefield was not fit for cavalry .
The Spartans also knew the geography that helped them hold the persian army for that long .
In the end , the Greek allies in Thermopylai held the enemy long enough for the assembly of the Athenian navy .
Hitler as another example , thought that he could capture Moscow in December 1941 then return home .
This was a miscalculated risk and the german army which was n't prepared for winter suffered dramatic losses in the winter of 1941-1942 , when it could n't reach its 1941 objectives .

Taking risks is a key to sucess indeed .
But one should keep in mind that miscalculation and ill preparedness in taking risks is the most likely cause of downfall .
The way , professor should teach students has always been a heated debate .
The question of the best academical system is not solved yet , and many scholars continue to propose alternative ways to teach .
If we take a close look at the way education is organised in France , in Germany or in the United States , we immediately realise that many different approaches are possible .

How the professor should act in front of his students is not an easy question to answer .
To claim whether a solution is better than another may seem , I acknowledge , a bit pretentious .
But I am deeply convinced that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
Learning facts and figures are , in my opinion , the worst thing you can do in a university

What we are asking to a student nowadays , is to understand and to analyse immediately the situation he/she faces .
This is what we call , the ability to react in front of an unexpected situation .
This skill does not appear alone ; it must be worked and practised .

The student must be able to think on his proper way , but he has also have to master some important theories which are the basis of our common and recognised society .
For example , you cannot speak about the evolution of the species without referring to Darwin .

But , once this general basis of common knowledge is acquired , then the student is perfectly able to evolve by himself .
Our society should not be made of people only good at repeating what they have heard , but of people who are creative , imaginative , original .

The possibility offered by an university to learn and discover a whole range of new knowledge , is certainly one of the most important thing ever .
It would be a shame to spoil this unique opportunity by being occupied with the learning of figures that would be forgotten almost immediately .

Anyway , recently , the priority has been given to the free will of the student .
The curiosity and the knowledge of every students must be aimed at the improval of our society .
Understanding ideas and concepts may be compared to the keys which lead to the achievment of such a goal .
In my opinion it is not simply to say , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I think it has to be analysed by different views .
Clear , in general the students should understand the ideas and concepts .
Because if they would not understand the ideas and the concepts , it 's to expect that they wo n't be able to practizise the thinks , they should have learned .
When the students get into the job , they have to reproduce what they learned in the university or school .
And if they only know something about facts , they can not be very successful in what they do .
Every student should wanting to be successful in his job or in whatever he does .
If they do not care about what they do , they normally can not expect a life , what other students could have , cause the did a little bit more .

So I think , that it is the better way for all students to understand more then only the facts of an individual topic .
But there is another point of view .
During the time of school or university , there are often time - periods of tests .
Some universities have test - periods , where the students are forced to wright ten tests a week .

In that case , it is not possible for every student to understand all ideas and concepts .
It is necessary for the student to finish all test in the best way it is even possible .
Therefore , it could be a better choice to learn all facts , that you are able to finish all tests .
I think this is a typical problem for students , studying in the first semesters .
Afterwords , during the main semesters , the students have found their special themes , they want to work on .
In that case , it is much easier for them to learn more about the ideas and concepts .
In the main period of studium , it is much more important to understand the ideas and the concepts .

So again , to understand the ideas should be the task for every student but it is to accept , that there could be moments , where it is better to use the facts , to get a better result .
Understanding and learning are not able to be separated because withouht understanding learning cannot happen and without learning understanding cannot happen as well .
However , there are orders of between understanding and learning .
In my opinion , understanding is more important than learnign because for me , learing means understading facts because without understanding , I cannot learn any of facts that I should learn .
The three reasons that I think understanding is more important than learning are without understanding , learning cannot happen , without understanding , people are easily lost what they are learning and just learning can help people for a moment but as time goes by , most people do n't remember what they learned .
These are the my reasons that understanding ideas and concepets are more important than learning factors .

My first view point is without understanding , learning cannot happen .
For example , when I came to Canada fist time , I learned about Canada 's history and at that time , I could n't understand any of them because I just tried to memorize bunch of factors and l believd that was the way to learn factors .
It was wrong .
After I understood the flow of history , I was able to understand Canada 's history .
With just memorizing or learning some facts from somewhere or someone are impossilbe that people let know about the facts , understading is obviously needed .

In additiotn , wihtout understanding ideas and concepts , people are usually lost what they are learning .
One of my friend did n't know how to solve math problems because he just tried to put several numbers in to the formula that he learned from his teacher .
When he understood why and how the problem could be solved , he was possible to learn about math more .
If he could n't understand the concepts and idead of math , he would not learn about math anymore .

The last reason that people should understand first is as time goes by , people often forget what they learned .
Most korean people do n't remeber what they learned at high schools because they just learned without understanding .
They needed to get into good universities so they learned a lot without understaning the concepts or ideas .
They usually said it was useless .
However , they do remember most of history .
They absoletly learned history but before learning history , most Koreans understood what lettes they are using and where they are living .
Not only koreans remember their history , but also other countries ' people remember most of history of their mother country .
They understood why and how they are living through understanding and life .

Learning facts can help people at a moment but it does n't mean they do understand what they are learning .
Before learning something , we should understand ideas and concepts for effective learning .
Nowadays most fortunate human beings have access to an endless amount of data through many ways : internet , books , ...
This gives them a wide knowledge on how to use ideas and concepts when learning facts implies knowledge without understanding .
On one hand we 'll deal with the advantages and disadvantages of learning facts and on the other hand with those of understanding ideas and concepts .

Mankind has evolved a lot and research followed .
Through the centuries humans discovered so many things that a lot of them are even inaccessible for most of us today .
When dealing with how human body works we ca n't even see half of what makes us but thanks to new technologies some people can see microbes , viruses and understand how they create our mood , diseases or else .
Most of us could n't even verify most of this explanations but good thing is we can learn them and use them in many fields so that we 're not bound to what we can see or understand simply .

While learning gives us many informations on some things , understanding ideas and concepts is more likely to help us in our lives .
As a matter of fact , neither knowing that cellulas split nor that 2 + 2 = 4 can guide us while having to resolve a situation .
If people learn ideas and concepts they can apply them in many ways afterwards in everyday life .
Moreover , this can lead to new thoughts and new approaches on some subjects like religion while learning facts is a way of narrowing human thinking and bounding knowledge to what we can learn without thinking .

To conclude , I would rather understand few main concepts and ideas of life that I could use in many situations than learning thousands of interesting things that I could never understand .
Now when looking around you , you can always find that young people indulging their interests in the video games , playing happily with their friends on the playgrounds .
While the senior spend most of their time just listerning to the radio or playing chess .
But do these phonmena suggest that the young people enjoy life more than older people ?
Never .

First , the young face far more pressure that the older people , both professionally and personally .
Today the commepetion in job market become more and more firece .
And aslo some of which become even more demanding .
They has to work hard to find a indeal job for themselves .
On the other hand , the pressure from personal life is aslo overwhelming , which mainly include the pressure form peers , from demaning parents .
All of this pressures make it diffilult for them to truly enjoy life .
While the older people has more opportunity to control their own life .
denefitly the older people rnjoy more in their daily life .

Second the young has more responsities to take .
THe young are the future of our socitey .
Aware of this , they even put pressure on themselves .
They have big ambition of shining , standing out .
Even additiced to video games is a sign they escape from the reality and aslo a sign that they suffer alot from life instead of enjoying it .
Tough even they themselves know they are wasting their time , they still want to give themselves a break .

In all , with all the pressure and responsibities , the younger people can never truely enjoy their life .
How can they even enjoy life more than the older people ?
From my point of view , I agree with the statement that it would be better for a student to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject only .
I will explain it from three aspects , personal interest , personal development and vanishing subject .

Firstly , not much students can realize their interest that which subject they like most .
Many of them , including me would get frustrated when we should make a choice among thousands of subjects to study in university .
However , if we no need to choose a specific one to concentrate on , we can expose to different kinds of subjects and hence develop our interest .
It is really regrettable if we make a wrong decision is choosing it .

Secondly , broad education can nurture students to be an all-rounder .
All companies demand all-rounders instead of students with specific knowledge .
Of course , everyone should have his/her strengths and weaknesses .
However , broad education allows students to develop more comprehensively .
For example , the art students may be weak in communication skills or the science students may be too rational .
But if all students are put together and study more subjects , a student 's personality may have influence on the others besides gaining other subjects ' knowledge .

Last but not least , it prevents some subjects to be vanished or even disappeared .
Sometimes , students choose subjects that have good future career such as business .
Few people would choose subjects just based on interest .
Therefore , this leaves some subjects like Chinese history to become vanished .
But Chinese history actually is worth studying and important for young people to familar .
At this point , if we set broad knowledge is a must , the problem wo n't happen .

In conclusion , studying in many subjects is better than specialize in one as it allows students to develop more interest , to become all-rounded that can benefit their future career and also prevent some subjects from vanishing .
I do not believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years from now .
My doubts are particularly fueled by the aspect of mobility which I believe to be having an even gaining influence on our lives .
In the face of incessant globalization , people will most probably be more and more forced to be flexible in a physical sense .
Both the ability and the willingness to move and to have a long way to work will be essential in the world of tomorrow even more than they are today .
Higher mobility will naturally require more cars .

The main argument against the continuing spread of vehicles may and can be seen in the environmental issues affected by their use .
The certainly ever-growing awareness of these often ferocious environmental downsides will for sure have a long distance effect on people bying cars .
But I believe that this will only be the case if car manufacturers will not succeed in developing cars with considerably less harmful environmental side-effects than they have today .
If these corporations , however , do achieve this goal on an effective scale , and there is at least some reason to believe they do , I am convinced people will not be deteriorated from bying cars in any way .

But I believe not only the improved environmental issues to be a potentially enhancing factor on car sales .
Looking at the technological development of the last hundred years , it seems quite plausible to assume that cars will keep becoming less and less expensive , at least as far as low - and mid level cars are concerned .
I believe that the car will not only pursue but also broaden its dominance as a mass product , increasingly reaching more and more potential customers .

Naturally , my argument is only convincing if the automobile industry finds a both affordable and effective way of reducing the devastating effects of cars with regards to air pollution , i.e. global warming .
One may , of course , doubt whether the industry is willing and capable of reaching this goal .
If not , customers will certainly shy away more and more from the car as an every-day item that we use even where not necessary .
In the case of the latter , people will , I believe , be way more sensible in their conduct in twenty years , probably to a degree at which this sensitivity even effects their consuming habits .
In the face of global warming , I would certainly support such a change .
The industry of cars has developed rapidly in recent years in China .
The percentage of families which owns at least one car is growing fast .
There 's an opinion that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
However , the development of cars will not end and the number of cars will not decrease in the future .

First , traveling by car is a convenient and necessary way of transportation in our daily lives .
We need cars all the time , when we go to school or work in the morning , when we return home in the evening , when we go on a trip to the grassland or the mountains , even when we go to a supermarket for shopping .
Cars are used so wildly and often that we can not imagine a kind of life in which there are no cars or fewer cars .

Second , though there are some problems traveling by car , they can be solved in the future .
Cars can pollute the air , but researches to reduce the pollution of cars are on the progress .
There are already cars using electric power which do not harm the environment .
For another example , the roads may be too crowded for cars to go fast , but newly-built highways and freeways are solving the problem .

Third , if we use fewer cars in twenty years , which mean of transportation should we use ?
by airplane , by helicopter , by subway , by bike , or just on foot ?
In the modern society , the speed required for transportation is faster and faster .
Therefore , traveling by bike or on foot is too slow .
Traveling by subway seems fast and convenient , but what about people living far from subway stations ?
Finally , airplanes and helicopters are too expensive for common people and too dangerous .

In conclusion , although cars have some disadvantages , the necessity of using them is still strong .
More convenient types of cars will be developed in the future .
Therefore , there will never be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In todays society both young and older people enjoy life , but being spicific young people do enjoy more than older people .
The energy level in young people to enjoy life is way to much than the older people .
The life of young people is filled with fun and frollic as they have their study time along with their party time .
Young people have much more capacity and streangth than older people to enjoy life and also the younger generation in todays world is fully pampered by the older generation .

Young people enjoy life more as they have much lesser tention than the older people .
Older people have a lot of responsibilities as they have to earn profits in order to give all the neccesities to their family which young people do not have to do .
Older people have too many tensions and are therefore stressed .
It can be related to their business or job or in other words it can be related to any context .
On the other hand the young people are stress free .
The younger generation In todays world is much smarter and alert than the older generation as they can handle and perform jobs more efficiently .
The younger generation enjoys life way more than the older generation as they are stress free .
Having more fun for the younger people is true as there are more and more birthday parties and other invites for our relaxed younger generation .
The young has no worries about the business as they have elder people in the family to do so .
Therefore there are much less problems in a youngsters life than in a old persons life .

I conclude myself by underlining that the younger generation of todays world enjoys life more than the older generation in every aspect and this senario will continue for a long period of time .
It is said that `` Youth is the best period in life '' .
But few may argue saying that the older people also enjoy their life spending with their children and grandchildren and experiencing the freedom a teenager gets .
However I agree that Young people enjoy life more than the older do and I will explain my view in the following paragraphs .

Firstly , Young age is the time when they have time to go out with friends and party around without any sense or fear of resposibility .
They can go for trecking and can visit beaches and swim in the beach which usually a older person will not be able to do .

The youngsters need not worry about their health and will not have to carry medicins wherever they go .
Here comes the older people who will always have to think about their health and necessary medication .
Also for heavy journeys which needs lot of strain they need a youngster to take care .
But a youngster would love to go for long journeys with more fun and enjoyment without much pressure .

I saw my grandfather who is very healthy and more funloving when he is home but he gets very much strained when he comes out with me .
He is as active as i am but he doesnot have as much energy as i have though he wants to enjoy .
He can watch and enjoy but he cant jump and have fun the way I do .

Being a young girl I think young people have more ways to have fun and enjoy life than older people .
They can go for concerts , plays to have fun .
But older people will get conjusted and will not be happy with the loud sounds in the theaters .

We can get adjusted to any environment and get along with all friends without any place or accomodation problems .
I mean we can do nightouts with friends and go for night shows which is rather difficult for the older people .

Young age is the precious time and have to be enjoyed to the fullest .
Because as we grow older we will have resposibilities which will not let us enjoy to our extremes .
Older people 's health will not let them enjoy .
So according to me young people will wnjoy life more than anybody else .
I do not think that the best way to travel is with a group led by a tour guide .
First , If you limit yourself to the movements and decision of one group , say of people from your own country , you may not be able to know the locals and learn from their worldviews and traditions .
How many time have you seen a packed group of tourists interacting only among themselves and thinking that the guide 's opinions and beliefs represent the opinion and feelings of all the community ?
When visiting another country or place , I like melting with the locals , meeting as many people as I can and learning directly from their everyday actitivies and their own ideas .
Second , you may think that tour guiding visits are more informative or convinient in terms of time and money .
However , truth is that many times guided-tours are more expensive and time consuming than individual , self-informed visits .
Tour guides in Costa Rica for example usually charge excessive amounts of money to tourists for activities that would not be so expensive if done alone or with the help of a local friend .
Depending on the site you are visiting , in a guided-tour you will only get the information that has been included in the guide 's `` menu '' and , sometimes , this information may not be as accurate as you think .
For examples , in Costa Rica many times tour guides are brought from a different place just because they know the language of the tourists or because they have more education than locals .
They were not born in the place or city where they work and , therefore , they frequently do not know all the particular details of the place or its hidden history .
Guided-tours are usually only offered in certain schedules that may not be the most suitable for your interests .
Besides , you may fall into the trap of overplanning your trip , and end up stressed by the pressures of getting up early to catch the shuttle or having to comply with time-limited breaks for breakfast , lunch or going to the bathroom .
Finally , in guided-tours you have to follow the pace of the group when walking around the halls of a museum or an old church .
If alone , you can stop whenever you want , skip what you considere unimportant or just going somewhere else .
Definitely , guided-tours and traveling in a group is not as fascinating as traveling on your own , having the time to interact with locals , taking certain risks that will definitely enrich your experience abroad and will give you enough material to entertain your friends and family back at home .
Ford , the genius who created the assembly line , in order to manufacture more cars in a smaller amount of time .
Since then , the production of cars have increased rapidly .
The cheaper and faster manufacturing of cars increased the production .
Supplying the comfort of cars to most of the the world 's population .
In my opinion , I think that there will be more cars than there are today .

Today 's scientists are testing to create a new model of cars in order the decrease the greenhouse effect .
There has been the invention of oil with the use of corn , however it has not been put ot effect yet due to the cost of cars which can function with that specific type of oil .
However , as the supply of oil will run low throughout the years , the demand for corn oil would rice guaranteeing the hygiene and the cleaness of the air in the environment .
Therefore , the people will not have to stress out about polluting the environment like today 's cars .

The population over the year has risen rapidly .
Over the next 20 years it is guaranteed that the population statistics chart will keep soaring higher and higher .
The increase of population indicates that more cars will be needed for transportation .
As I have stated in the previous paragraph of the hygiene of the corn oil , people would not have to worry about the greenhouse effect turing the Earth into a giant fire ball , or the glaciers melting and rising 100 meters above sea level .
Due to the increase of population the production of cars will keep increasing as well .

The increase in population soon will not be able to fit all the population in one metropolis .
As the cities become crowded the people will move out of the cities into suburbian areas .
Therefore , travelling will be necessary on a dailiy basis for most people who work in the center of the city , or have school in the cities .
Due to the transportation needed everyday , many people will consider to buy a car .
Therefore , the amount of cars in the streets will increase , along with the areas of the cities and the population in the world .

Cars will soon be a necessary object , which the population of the world will rely heavily on .
Therefore , the fluctuating of the amount of cars will not happen .
As long as Ford remains in our history books as the father of cars , the decreasing of Ford 's invention will not happen .
11/17/2006

Tour Guide

Travelling a new place without knowing any basics of the place can be very difficult and unpleasant .
Travelling with a group , led by a tour guide can be very educational , useful and effective .
In order to achieve these qualities very knowledge , patient and motivated tour guide is needed .
Depending on the visit , tour guide should know the history and culture of the place .

First of all , the tour guide must know the place very well .
He must know every corner of the place and every little detail so that the group can explore and gain more information about the visit .
He must be very patient to answer everyone 's question .
Because usually , when groups are visit new places , they want to know everything about the place .
He must be open to answer every question to clear the question marks from the tourists mind .

Second , he must know about the history of the place .
He needs to show the historic values and mention historical events that took place in that area , therefore , tourists can understand the importance of that area .
For example , he must know when the churches are built or if there were any wars in the area , when they took place and how did they reflect on the place .

Third , culture and customs are very important when visiting a new place .
Tourists want to experience the culture and customs .
Very motivated tour leader who knows the area well , can take the tourists to a very traditional resturant or help them to understand the differences on life styles of the people in the visited area .

In conclusion , visiting a new place with a right tour guide can make the travel so much easier and effiecent than a group of people trying to find their way and not being able to explore every great detail about the place .
Indunstries use advertisements to make their products well-known to the possible customers .
They make seem products in the advertisements so perfect and usefull for people maybe more than they really are .

Altough this , few people remain so attracted by some products that they really think they need them .
This is caused by two main reason .
First , the frequency present of advertisement in tv , newspapers and magazines .
People who is reading a newspaper or is watching tv is quite forced to see and see again the same products where they are rappresented so perfectly .
Second , the use of advertisement tricks to enphatize the products ' use .
In my opinion nowadays there is too much advertisement everywhere , we can watch a movie and it is continually interrupted by advertisement spots , we can read a magazines and every two page there is one dedicated for advertisement only .

Even if we walk around in our city ; they are so full of advertisement signs .
Everything we do , we are tormented by advertisement , we are forced to watch and watch again how products are : one cheaper than other , one the best of all and one whom we can have less .

But is it really true ?
I do n't think so , If a product is really good there is no need to be so advertised because the best way to make people willing to buy a product is showing them that it is really perfect in the reality and not just in spots or sign where some magnificient product seems to be so necessary for a people 's life .

For example nowadays mobile-phones are the most advertisements product because technology continues to envelope new models with new functions that are advertised like usefull for people .
But I do n't agree that we really need a mobile phone that can make videos or photos and it is so expensive while we already have maybe old cameras and videocameras that do the same function .

Maybe it is better to buy a normal mobile phone , cheaper than the brand new models because it has the main functions that a phone should have and this is really what people need .
I think it is pretty hard to say this in general .
Maybe it is true for some people but false for others .
But for the first part in life it may be true almost for everyone :
Let us start with the childhood age , usually the youngest one can remember .
Apart from several people , that go through rather harsh times during childhood ( divorce of their parents , deseases and so on ) usually people enjoy life to the fullest in that period .
You have a lot of spare time , school is not so important to you and you do n't care about the future too much .
So normally , you life a live that is free of sorrow and worries .

After that , during teenage , it gets more complicated :
Many people get a little bit depressive , it is not called the difficultest age for nothing .
In that phase of life , people usually do n't enjoy it that much .
But there are always others , who go to parties a lot , and fall in love for the fist time and all that , so these ones will enjoy that time a lot , maybe even more than childhood .
I am not sure which one of these is the bigger part , but I think , in general , most people would say , that this age was not as good as childhood .

Then , after graduating form high school , one either starts to work or begins to studiy at college .
Both ways of life have in common , that your free time gets more and more limited .
Either you have to work from nine to five , or you have to learn and pass compicated examinations .
Many people in that age are getting concerned about future .
They may have fear of losing their job , or failing in some tests at college .
Besides that , in that age , you have to organize your personal life at the same time .
There I think of founding a family and raising own chidren .
So more and more your time gets less and your worries increase .

But maybe there is light in sight at the end of the tunnel :
There is a whole lot of people who start to enjoy life the most , when they are retired .
They then have plenty of time again , and they do n't worry too much about the future anymore .

So basically I would for most people it is enjoyable at the start and at the end of there lives .
Maybe like walking through a valley .
But of course there might be very much exceptions to the ways of life I mentioned above .
For example some people are either lonely or very sick at the end of their lives .
In that case , there is no doubt , wheather they enjoyed life more when they were younger .
If I had the chance to visit the parts of the world that I have always wanted to , such as France or Italy , I would definitely choose to be accompanied by only a couple of the people who share the same interests with me rather than a large group and I would not want to be accompained by a tour guide .
Therefore I disagree with the statement of `` The best was to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .

The main reason for that is travelling with a group brings about many problems such as time limitations .
You would be required to stop at ceratin times since people in the group will have needs such as food or refreshments and you would not be able to decide when you want to do the things whenever you want to do them .

Secondly , every person in the group will definitely have different tastes and every person in the group will want to visit different parts of the region and they will want to spend different amounts of time at every different location .
For example , some people might want to visit the bars or clubs of France whereas the others might want to visit the palaces and museums .
This would lead to disagreements or unequal time spent at the visited locations .

Another factor that led to my decision is that when a person travels with only a couple of people whom he knows or alone , he has the chance to choose the route that he is going to take and he can stop at various places for quick visits such as cafes or places on the way .
However when travelling in a group led by a tour guide you would have a set and specific route to follow without any kind of flexibility and random quick stops at places that interest you would not be possible .

In conclusion , according to me , travelling alone or with only a couple of friends who share the same interests with me , without a tour guide would be my preferred way of travelling because it would give me the opportunity to choose my own route , I would not have to stick with the time regulations of the group and I would visit the places I want to visit , whenever I want to visit them instead of that of the group .
From my perspective , in twenty years time there will be fewer cars circulating above all in big cities .
There are a lot of reasons that make me argue it .
First of all cities are trying to improve more and more public transports : there are always projects for new and faster metropolitan lines which can link different city zones in a real short time .

Moreover , pollution is becoming a problem even more dangerous for the health of everybody and all the diseases caused by pollution are making people aware of the necessity of an alternative to the use of the car and of other polluting private transports like motorcycles .

Furthermore , having a car is always more and more expensive : taxation and insurance costs are also very high .
Beside the cost of oil is always growing and if you add the costs of the parking in central zones you can guess why always more people prefer public transports more than their own car .

Lastly also public transports like highspeed trains are being developed and I think that in a twenty years time all the major city of Europe will be reachable in a very short time , making useless the car also fo long journeys .

However , problems remains in little cities where car is necessary in winter or in rainy day .
But here also car are becoming less and less popular .
Educational programs in primary school teach the children to prefer to go to school with bicicle or with the schoolbus instead of with their parents ( and their own car ( and are spreading a ecological conscience in new generations .

As a conclusion , I believe that owning a car could be always useful , but the ecological awareness will make people use their car less .
There are , indeed , a vast number of ways to succeed in life .
Some may make attempts to immitate what the previous heros have done in order to be as successful as they were , and some may do only what they already know how to do well .
However , there may be some others who try new things and take risks in their actions .
Although all the ways of becoming successful in life mentioned previously may seem reasonable , I believe that the genuine successful people try new , unique things that no one else has ever done in history , and this can be supported by using the example of some sports , and how some new ideas can influence the success of the team in its entirety .

Firstly , doing what people already know how to do well means that it lacks in originality and uniquness .
This implies that what people are doing is not only familiar to the people who are using the method , but also to the people around them .
It is possible to enhance the understanding of this point of view with an example of a soccer game and strategies that the coach uses in order to win a game .
If the coach decides to use the strategy that he or she knows well , it implies that the other soccer teams would know how the players are going to approach the game , meaning that it would make the players on the opponent team easier to predict the actions that the players are going to take .
This proposes that there is less chance of succeeding for the team that is using the familiar strategy to win .

Secondly , trying new things can make not only the people themselves confident and content with their own actions , but also , the people who are watching them .
In my opinion , the act of trying new things is truly able to cause a greater inspiration on the audience .

Although the act of trying new things may be perceived as being too adventurous and experimental , I sincerely believe that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , based on my own experiences in the real-life situations .
I totally agree with this statement .
People who are successful are people who do not hesitate to take risks in order to achieve their goals .
It does not mean that they are affraid of nothing .
But they estimate the risks and then decide to take it or not .
There are some good examples that we can give to explain that point of view :

In business , we know that people who measure risks and take some will be successful businessmen .
The director of the Virgin Company Richard Brandson is someone who did took risks to succeed in creating such a huge and modern company .
After selling CD , DVD , travelling tickets , mobile phones , and sodas , he is now selling tickets for a trip in a spaceship .
This guy also tried already 3 times to travel around the globe in his Virgin balloon .

In sports , we all know that people who take big risks will be the best : in Formula one for example , the drivers are risking their life to win a tournament .
In football , a player like Zidane is successful because he does not hesitate to take risks in front of other really good players .
And it is the same in all sports .

And when we think about arts , we can say that the major artists of our century are the one who took risks to do new things .
Picasso for example knew really well how to paint realistics pictures but he decided after a certain period of time to change for a new way of painting .
And Moliere was hated by the public of his own time because he created a new kind of theatre .
He took also a big risk .

In conclusion we can say that not taking risks does not help being successful .
What is important is too measure the risk we take and assume the results it will give .
Step by step , little by little and bit by bit that is the way for success .
Success is how high you bounce when you hit the bottom .
I agree with the statement that ` successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well ' .

To buttress my point of view , at first , the important tool that one should possess to meet success in one 's life is positive thinking .
For instance consider Dr.Flemming who discovered pencillin or consider Dr.Barnardshaw who performed first open heart transplantation .
Its their positive thinking that made them to turn impossible things to possible things .

Secondly , to become successful its necessary to learn from the past experiment with current and hope for the best .
For example consider Abraham Lincon who lost sixteen times in elections .
Do n't we say him as a successful man in our history ?
In short faluire is the stepping stone to success .

Thirdly , every person must remember about four C 's in life : confidence , commitment , courage and constacy to climb the ladder of success .
One will face obstacles and hurdles while fighting in the battle to reach the goal called success one must take things challengingly unlike the coward man who jumps into the vortex of troubles and tries to end the life there .

Fourthly , success is never ending .
One should not relax after achieving a goal rather they must put their constant efforts in achieving much better things in life .
The success based on pure luck gives temporary happiness .
HARDWORK IS THE KEY TO SUCCESS .

In the view of above menitioned manifold reasons i agree that to become successful in one 's life one should be bold and must accept and overcome the risks .
Trying new things and taking risks is a critical part of progress .
It is the essence of creation , without which we would have never progressed beyond the Stone Ages .
It is important for people to grow , learn from mistakes and bring about changes .
And it is a must for successful people in most professions in today 's business world .

People who only do what they already know how to do well do not grow personally .
They do n't get to realize their full potential .
They do a mediocre job at what they are doing , because they do not contribute anything new , only what they have been doing for years or what everyone else has been doing .

On the other hand , people who try something new or take risks stand out from the crowd .
People respect them for their courage and self-confidence .
If the risk brings success along with it , then it is most often phenomenal success .
Because risk-taking usually results in all-or-nothing type scenarios .
But even if the risk does n't bring about success , it is certainly a means for the person to learn something , and will pave the way for success in the future .

There are some professions where it is not only preferable that people try new things and take risks , but it is obligatory .
For instance , in advertising , it is extremely important to come up with something new for your advertising campaign .
If you do n't do something out of the ordinary , then your advertising campaign will blend in with the other millions of advertising campaigns out there and will not even be remembered by your target audience .

Trying new things and taking risks is part of what makes us human , of our creative spirit .
We should not restrict our creative spirit for fear of failure , for failure is also a part of the learning process .
And it is what bring success in the long-term .
The modern media and entertainment business has reached a level of which you can very easily reach a majority of the population , not only in your home country , but throughout the world .
Today not only newspapers , radio and television are the options to choose from , but for almost a decade now the internet has evolved to a new mass media platform , where anyone can communicate anything he likes around the world .

Thesedays a commercial does its best in trying to sell you a product in thirty seconds or less .
In these few seconds , the creators of such commercials are not just a few people , but huge multibillion dollar companys , with an entire market analysis section , concentrated on selling just one product and finding out the best way to convince you of buying something you do n't really need .

In order to achieve this goal , you need to push the boundaries of your product to a maximum .
If , for example you have a simple , small device , which can play music , you will not sell it as a device with which you can hear music , but you will try to create a personality for this item .
Current techniques are iconizing a product .
The best example at the moment is the Ipod from Apple .
It is not anylonger just a product , but an absolute `` must have accessory '' like a cellphone .
In order to make this accessory attractive , you have celebrities carry it with them and music videos in which it appears and to put it simple , create a nice packaging around it .

The same counts for the fashion industry .
Even if you have the new , landmark setting , groundbreaking couture collection , it still is just clothes .
With the media , press and the right influential people , you can boost this collection to something more than just clothes .
An older Porsche commercial stated : `` A Porsche is a car that nobody needs , but everybody wants '' .

In conclusion ; yes , most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
Since people are becoming evermore used to the tricks commercials use , advertising companys look everywhere to find ways of selling a product as effectively as possible .
In conclusion advertisements often can achieve the opposite and get very annoying .
These can still not be critized , since we live in a consume based society and there is no indication that this will change in the future .
To me , the whole point of advertising is to sell , thus when advertising you should try to seduce the costumer .
In fact there are many things or features of the product that you can use to do so , as the quality or the price , but always the main thing of show the good features over the bad ones .

I agree with the idea that advertisements make products look better than they really are , but I do n't see anything bad with it .
Indeed , our freadom of speech ensures us mainly the right to say almost everything to everybody , with some exeptions of course , but under this perspective anyone could told us anything , in particular how good is the product they are offering .

Most of the times , the advertisements do not lie or say anything strictly false , instead they focus on their strenghts .
Therefore is true that the products looks better than they really are , but is not ill will on that .
Indeed , it is the same thing you do when you go to a job interview , or try to approach some of the opposite sex for first time .
Think about it , in these ocations you try to look good , seem confident , very capable , intelligent or even sexy , realice that you are trying to look better than you are .

Although I consider that some exagerations should be avoided , becaouse they are not showing how good the product realy is , instead thay are a lie .
For intance , see the all magical recipies , belts and all kind of crafts and offered to lose weight , everybody knows that is a lie .
I think ths kind of things should be controlled by some costumer 's agency , which should request some kind of survey or stadistics to support things that are stated on the advertising .

Anyway , is in the costumer and the costumer 's agencies who will at the end decide which product deserved an which does not , our trust .
This is the only way of realy punnish tose that make reallly exagerated advertiments saying lies or said unproven things about their products .
But always whitout attaking the fredom of speach or see things in a particular prespective .
Young guns of today are more determined then ever and the courage , the determination shown by this generation is by far greater .
I dont agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

Times have changed , but the will to be helpful to fellow communities has definitely not withered away .
Take for instance the various political parties both regional and national that have over the time being completely overpowered by youth domination .
The youth movements like NSUI , and various NGOS have been recruiting bright students from top universities like JNU , DELHI and the pace at which the students participate in the social activities is heartening to say the least .

All these organisations of international stature involve community services that are more or less dominated by the young people .
Its a misconceived notion that youth dont give enough time for their communities but a deeper analysis shows that there are very good and educated people who have devoted to making their lives of some consequence to others .

A study at the grass roots level namely the village panchayats and the muncipalities have gradually been the foundation grounds for future leaders of immense potential .
Many new NGOS are being started by young people who are at times educated at top notch universities , INDIA and ABROAD .
They sacrifice their attractive career options to serve the people and make a difference .

The youth have gradually tried to do their bit in the fields of literacy , improving sanitation , and provide better social and economic amenities in collaboartion both with government and private sector .
In today 's world globalisation is the word , what with the private sector and software boom providing immense career growth and are highly remunerative , inspits of this many young people are opting for a career in the civil services .

Thus , people especially youth are devoting adequate time and its high time the society takes note of it .
There is a very popular saying in English which goes `` A Jack of all trades is a master of none . ''
A person who has limited knowledge of various topics but little or no specialized knowledge of any one particular topic is generally referrred to as the above mentioned saying .

While it is good to know a little bit of everything that surrounds you , it does not harm to have specialized knowledge of one subject .
Based on my personal experience , I strongly disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

Excellence in any field can be achieved only when one has specialized in that specific subject and reached its pinnacle .
By having a broad knowledge of various academic subjects one can only achieve mediocrity .

An individual who has specialized in one specific subject is respected by society and his peers and looked up to by his juniors and subordinates who aspire to be like him .
He is often approached for advice and resolving certain issues pertaining to his subject .

A indivdiual can use his specialized knowledge in a specific subject to make new breakthroughs , inventions and discoveries in that field .
The entire society has benefited from the research works of scholars and learned men in various fields of science , history and art .
Society has evolved due to the innumerable inventions and discoveries which were a result of this extensive research .
Thus specialized studies have given a forward thrust to mankind as a whole in terms of technological advancement and evolution .

A specialzation in one subject is also an indicator of the dedication and perseverance of an individual .
It shows his sense of commitment to a particular task .
Thus it is the reflection of the qualities and character of an individual .
In the era of ever changing technology , the person with specializaton in a subject and with a broad knowledge is needed .
Both specialization and broad knowledge about the subject is needed .
There are many advantages on both sides .
specializing would help the person to understand the subject in a better way , aslo he can apply his knowlege to improve the existing world .
On the other hand having a broad knowledge helps in combing his or her knowledge from various field to produce a complex product .

Consider , the person with specialization in a subject , this person would able to work on the real life problems relating to the subject and might come up with a solution .
For example , a eye specialist would know the various ways in which the eye can be treated because he is well informed about the processes as he had studied about the eye in detail .
The specialized persons can deal with the problem relating to their subject in a better way than a person having a broad knowledge .
persons with specialization can also do research and come up with a discoevry and act as pioneers

Although there are some advantages of being a specialist , having a broad knowledge is also required .
the person having a broad knowlege can choose the best suitable and available methods and integrate them to produce a product which is truly unique and complex .
For example consider a robotic student , while building a robot the student needs to know various subject like programing , mechanics and the electronic communication system .
The knowledge from the subjects is integrated in producing a robot which is combination of the subjects .

In conclusion , specialization helps the person in better understanding of subject and also enhacing the knowledege by doing research , while a person who is a jack of all trade , that is to have a broad knowlege about many subjects will have the ability to combine the knowledge from various fields to create a unique product .
so in my view both the specilazation in a subject and having a overall knowledge is need to futher our technology
Traveling in a group lead by a tour guide could be a good choice for traveling .
Say or state that is the best way to travel will depend on both the destiny of the trip and the kind of person the traveler is .

Let 's supposed that you decide to travel to some unknown far away or inexplore place .
In this case , you should evaluate the possibility to travel within a group and with a tour guide .
For this case this should be the best choice .
That 's obviously because you do n't know where you are going to , you do n't know the culture , landscape , communications and transportations resources available among others characteristics that must be known when you travel abroad .

But if I know or I have an idea where I 'm headed to , I prefer to travel following my own plans and my instinct .
I do n't know if I can be called an adventurer spirit or something like that .
But since I became an adult everytime I travel I do it by my own and with my own schedule .

That way I can choose where to visit and how much time I can spent in each location .
And not only to follow a leader wich will decide for me where to go and how much time spent at each destiny .
A good idea is to save some part of your budget to buy some smalls tours in order to make your trip a little more complete and fascinating .
Beacuse when your alone you 'll let your predilections control your impulse and you may lose the opportunity to know some special place that you will like but is not , somehow , part of your vacations purpose .

For example I spent my last vacation in New York and the subject and main goal of my trip was to visit the Yankee Stadium and enjoy New York night 's life .
Of course I visited the stadium and enjoyed some open microphone bars .
But a relative told me about a tour to a Pennsilvania amusement park and I tried .
It was n't part of my plans but it was an unforgetable experienced .

In my opinion traveling with a group and a tour guide has its advantages but you must know when to choose this option .
For the moment let me travel alone and follow my own plans .
Travelling is a good choice to spend weekends and vacations .
However , one is usually faced by the decision : `` Is it better to make it on my own or within a group led by a tour guide ? ''
.
Apart from the extreme points of view that are either `` individualistic '' favoring doing everything alone , or `` extremely sociable '' favoring having everything done in a group ; I believe that the correct decision to this problem depends on the situation .

To clarify what I mean by this , let me cite an example .
Suppose that you are planning to go to Egypt or Greece for instance to watch the ancient monuments and museums there .
This kind of travelling is known as cultural tourism .
Then , it may seem reasonable in such a case to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
After all , being alone may prevent you from making full benefit of the trip .
For example , you will not be able to know exactly what the most important histroical sites are , and what their history was .
In such a case , a tour guide will provide you with a valuable experience ( let 's assume he is a knowledgeable guy ! ) .
Without explanation from somebody , you will most probably be unable to understand and hence appreciate the monuments .

But does this imply that it is `` always '' better to travel in a group led by a tour guide ?
Absolutely no !
In many situations , travelling alone will provide you with a space of freedom you might need .
Suppose , you are going to Washington D.C. to watch the significant historical sites there .
Since the sites are really diverse , ranging from musuems of science and technology to museums of modern art , it may seem unlikely that you can really enjoy it if you travel in a group .
People have different tastes , and what the tour guide will probably do is to divide the time evenly between all the sites to cover everything so that no one will be unsatisfied .
The problem as you may infer is that , this way , in fact , nobody will be satisfied , since everyone will find himself `` forced '' to go to places he almost hates , then spends only 5 minutes or so in places he really likes the most .

So fianlly , in making the decision of travelling in a group or alone , one should consider the situation !
Having an ex ante point of view might not be objective !
I agree with the statement that products look much better when you see them during advertisements .
First of all , I believe that in the society of today televisions and newspapers exercise a great impact on the common understanding of the concept of beauty and effectiveness .
This is particollary true when you talk about advertisements .
People believe that some products are better than others just because a certain movie star says it !

Furthermore , considering that most advertisements are proposed by the television , I think that such a tecnology affects the real feeling on the quality of the product .
Secondly , I have to admit that products seen during advertisements look much better than they really are .
They have more colours and they look more appealling than ever , expecially if compared to the ones you receive !

Finally , I believe that the industry of advertisement reached a very high and professional level .
In particular , the advertisement highlits only the good things about a certain product while the negative parts remain hidden and you discover them only when you effectively have the chanche to use the product in your house .

Even if I strongly believe in what I have written above , last week I was simply too influenced by an advertisement seen on a TV and I bought the product advised therein .

Such product was a knife supposed to cut any kind of meat and , believe me or not , the advertisement was really convincing , showing a guy who was cutting any kind of beef .

Unfortunately I received the package yestarday and I found that the knife was just simple as all other knifes that I currently have in my house !
This is just an example of how much publicity can influence people .
We should try to keep in our mind the principles described above in order to avoid any risk , but sometimes it is simply too hard !
Nowadays , we sometimes go on a trip .
There are two methods to travel such as travelling by alone or group .
Some people assert that travelling in a group is not a perfect idea .
However I maintain that I can get various benefits to travel in a group : not expensive cost to travel and apportunity to share information .

First , I can enjoy traveling by cheap price .
Traveling costs is very high nowadays .
Because , if we go abroad , we could take an airplain .
However if I can go the travel in a group , we can save some money .
There are some rules that If taking it more than 10 people , airplain company would cut prices .
This situation is same as hotel and entrance fees .
For example , I went to Europe last summer in a group .
I went there during 15days and it was good aportunity for me .
On the other hand , one of my friend also went to Eurpople in same periods .
Eventohght we visited there same peiods and same date , we had a lot of differences in costs .
I only costed about 300 $ , but my friens costed 500 $ .

Second , I can get various information in travelling group .
Visiting other countries are advantures .
If you could have not visited at once , you would felt embarrased .
However you can enjoy clean , safe and informative travel in group .
For me , It was first time to go abroad .
So I felt scared sometimes .
Also I did not know what I was going to do .
At that time , I did not have enough information to enjou it .
By using travel agency , I could book airplains and hotels .
Also I could have a lot of information about Europe .
There were many people in that group , so it was available to contact them and share information and know-how which they recognized from travelling .

Eventhoug we should follow travel agency 's rule , I think it would be a good idea following in a group .
It would be a good apportunity to using small amout of money , to expand your experience as well as to get much information .
There is a saying , `` Knowledge is one kind of power . ''
I agree with that phrase because you can use knowledge as much as you know .
Some people think it is more useful to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to have specific knowledge that you know very well .
However , in my opinion , it is better to specialize in one specific subject which you are good at .

To begin with , they are so many people who have common knowledge .
Specifically , the knowledge they have are not unique or special .
Therefore , in this competitive society people would have to compete with each other for a job that anyone can apply .
It is not efficient to have knowledge that everybody knows .
Broad Knowlege of many academic subjects is not a merit .
For example , suppose there is a graduate who majored three subjects , History , Business , and Math .
He would know many things from learning all the contents of three majors and utilize all the subjects he learned .
Because there is limited time , it is hard to learn all the three subjects precisely and deeply .
He would only know the basics of each subject , not the advanced things .

In addition , focusing on one subject will make you as an expertise .
Other subjects that you do n't know well can be solved by an expert on that field .
It is more effective to take advice from him and ask questions that you are not clear with .
It is better to focus on the thing a person are good at so the experts can share their knowledge in an advanced way .
For example , people from different fields , can help each other by combining their own knowledge .
It is a win win game .

In conclusion , for these unavoidable reasons , I firmly believe people should develop and stick on to their own special knowledge .
The question here is that is it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specilaze in one subject .
In my view it is better to specialize in one subject only .
I have sufficient reasons and examples to support my claim .

Firsltly , although it is better to have a broad knowledge about many academic subjects , but this is only useful upto a certain extent only .
It is always better to specialize in one specific subject because it gives you right confidence and Knowledge to make a substantial contribution to your field .
Consider a nuclear scientist working on a project , although it is necessary for him to have knowledge of thermodynamics , fluid sciences etc. but it is his specialization in the field of nuclear engineering that makes him suitable for the job .
Moreover the reasearch projects are carried out in team where people who specialize in different fields come together and execute the project , so there is no need to have deep knowledge of all the fields .

Secondly , in some cases having a broad knowledge of many subjects does not serve the purpose .
For instance in medical field , we have doctors who specialize in everything from toe to ears .
This is really necessary as only a cardiologist can do justice to a heart patient rather than a physician , who only knows a bit of everything but is incapable of providing doing proper prognosis and diagnosis .
So this shows it makes sense to specialize only in one field .

Finally , almost every individual from his childhood has a field of interest , one subject which he likes the most .
It is a known fact people perform the best when they work on the field which interests them .
There is very high probabilty that individual will contribute favorably to the society .

As the saying goes Jack of all trades , master of none , this era demands specialists and not jacks .
So in my view it makes complete sense to specialize in the area of your interest and make a substantial contributions to that field so that future generations remember you .
Productivity and profits are the core aspects of our economy , this way , companies advertized to improve the image of their products .
The result is that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
They emphase on the main quality of their product in order to be attractive and of course do n't focus on the defects , or less attractive effects .

Fisrt of all , advertisements are maid to spread the knowledge on a specific product , in order for the customer to buy it .
Of course it has to be attractive and to show specific abilities .
It can look much better than it really is .
For example , take the pills that reduce the weight , it commounly sells miracles as one is supposed to loose kilos in one week .
That seems great , and someone willing to loose a size would be tented .
The advert does n't explain that it must be associated with a strict diet to be effective , and customers will certainly be disapointed .

On the other hand , it wo n't be as effective if they expose how it really works , people will be more carefull , and the main purpose of the advertisement would't be reached in terms of quantities .
But it also true that a satisfied customer will easily purchase again the product , and have a better effect in the length .
For example , the yogurt that explains they reduce not only the fat but also the sugar , and taste good , is explaining everything about the diet , in contradiction with a lot of produts that claim they are 0 percen fat but contain a lot of sugars

The customer can also ask for advice before purchasing and thus have a real idea of the product .
He can also compare different products and choose the one that matches his requierements .

Most advertisements make the products look better , but the customer is aware that everything is not said or explained , he must read between the lines and use his personal experience and knowledges .
Every once in a while , we take a vacation and go travelling to different countries .
We want to see and experience other cultures other than our own during these travels .
There are two different ways to do this , either through the leadership of a tour guide or to explore by yourself .

I believe that traveling by yourself without a tour guide is the best way to travel .
First of all , the beauty of exploring is the fact that you do not know what you will find .
If you have a tour guide to tell you all the fun secrets and places , then where is all the fun in that ?
And often , the tour guide and the group will express their own opinions upon the places and objects that you come across .
Which isnt all that good because it limits our insight on the culture we choose to explore .

Secondly , the best way the fully experience a culture , is to roam the streets yourself and find out what interesting objects you see or what happens on the streets .
If you let yourself roam the streets and become part of the society , you will be able to discover and learn many things that you will not be able to learn if you are walking with a tour guide .
In addition to that , learning through experience is a lot better and more satisfying than someone telling you about it .

When you get a vacation to travel , you want to get away from all the stress and authority at work .
If you do not travel with a tour guide , you will be able to acheive that goal more effectively , because if you travel with a tour guide , you will still feel that someone is in charge of your life .

The next time you travel , i highly suggest that you do not hire a tour guide .
A tour guide really limits your travel experiences to mere sightseeing .
Traveling alone and experienceing the culture while becoming one with it is in my opinion , the best way to travel .
I feel that in general , today 's youth do not show much concern for the community .
However there are a few exceptions , and by gaining inspiration from such people we can change the current situation .

Let me illustrate this with an example .
In my institute there is a social services group called NSO .
All students are supposed to work for a minimum of hundred hours for this organization over a period of two years .
The NSO carries out activaties like educating poor children , tree plantations , cleanliness campaigns , etc .
However , as a secretary of this organisation , it is extremely disheartening to see the apathy of the students towards such activities .
Whenever we plan something , only a few volunteers come up .
Ultimately they run short of completing their hunred hours and ask me to help them in an inappropriate manner .

What are the reasons for such lack of concern .
One could be , lack of time .
There is a lot of competiton amongst students .
As they strive to achieve the results they aim for they forget what they owe to society .
Often students are motivated to do community services just to make a statement on their resume .

However , I would be wrong if I said that this applies to all youngsters .
I have a friend who is just the opposite .
He is very passionate about community service and does it because he feels for it .
Recently the college cultural festival was organized .
It is time for enjoyment and fun for most students .
I was amazed to see my friend running a stall during the festival to raise money for an NGO while the rest of us were having fun attending rock concerts .

To conclude , I feel that although most students feel the need and the urge for working for our communities , it is only a few who turn that inspiration in to action .
The use of cars in our modern societies is a crucial point which we 'll have to deal with in the coming years .
Cars provide us a tremendous confort in our daily life , but besides we are to see and notice that cars have sad effects on our natural environment , a spur that all of us have to reconsider .
It is a challenge because our own way of life and wishes for the next generations will be determinant to answer this question : can we reduce our consumption of oil ?

Beyond the fact that oil is essential in our economy , are we really ready to put our confort aside ?

I think the answer lies in two facts : we need to responsibilize ourselves and governments policies can be helpful to reach this goal , but in the same time the economical engine has many gimmicks to give us enticing offers we can of course afford ...

As we can notice , we are subject to many enhancements , We are told to use our bikes more often , told to prefer the buses to our car .
this tends to make us more sensible to our modes of consumptiom , not only for our cars but for all types of energy as well .

Nevertheless , we do have to confess that oil is the cornerstone of our economy .
As long as are not as reliable , as performant and as cheap as the cars we have access to , oil will continue to equip the majority of the cars sold worldwide , even if and it , s important , being responsible has a lot to do with the culture we evolve in .
Provided that it does not interfer badly with the economy , changes are possible .

Eventually , the conclusion of this is not so optimistic , because we need to emphasize on what is wrong with our consumption .
Of course this is not only a question of greenhouse gazes but we need to embody people who look forward to improving the world for our next generation , and this will determine for this , we are ready to leave ou car in its garage .
In general , I agree with the statement that understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than learning facts .
To my mind , the idea of school is that students learn for their lives .
They should not only learn facts by heart , since it is more important that they understand the idea of what they learn .
If they can reproduce a whole text with many facts , but do not really understand the meaning of this text , what did they learn ?
I would say , nothing .
Because then the student does not profit from it .
Maybe he does , in an exam for example , because he can answer the questions correctly , when they are superficial .
But for his further life and understanding of the world he could not learn anything .

I think , it prepares them for their future lives , when students are taught in a specific way that they understand different ideas and concepts .
This should be the object of a school or a similar institution .

Still , it seems clear to me that the two aspects have to be balanced .
Facts can also play an important role for understanding ideas and concepts .
Sometimes it might be just unevitable for understanding a special idea to learn facts about it .
The thing is that this should not be the only aspect .
While learing them , one has to go beyond the facts .
That leads to the better understanding .

In conclusion , I think one has to do both , learning facts and understanding ideas and concepts , but learnig facts should always have the final goal , understanding something better by doing this .

From my point of view as a student , I can also say that it is not enough to learn facts without getting the real meaning of it .
I think this is good like that .
Those guys who only try learing by heart fail in school .
In the world we live in today , education is one of the most valuable assets a person can have .
If we where to be living in the 19th century , it would be better to have borad knowledge of many academic subjets than to specialize in one specific thing .
During those ages , specialization was not very important .
It was more important if one had a broad knowledge of many subjects .
One can see that for example , Taylorism , which was basically a new form of working in plants ( it was based in speciallization of workers and a good management so that workers would n't loose time ) , was only taken into account during the first part of the twentieth century with the arrival of the production line invented by Henry Ford .
Before that , people did n't take into account specialization , because there was no need to .
There were no procesess involving specific actions or functions .

Nevertheless , we are not living in the 19th centruy .
We are already in the twenty first , where a carrer is very important .
The more one studies , the more probable is that one will do well in their future .

The world is becoming every day more and more competitive .
Every year , there are millions of people who go into the labour market , and compete between themselves for a better job .
The only way to differentiate a potential good job applicant form a bad , one is the studies they have .
If one applicant has studied a lot , and the other has not , it is more probable that the one who has better studies will get the gob .

Besides that , there is the subject of specialization in specific areas .
Nowadays , firms are demanding very specific kinds of workers .
Workers who have specialized in very specific areas , in which other worker would not be able to perform the task .

This type of demand for specific workers is becoming greater and greater every day .
This is why one would think that , living in the competitive world that we live today , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
People 's personalities differ between each other , and so do their sklls and habits .
What one person maybe bad at could be another 's field of experties .
The human nature drives to explore what is un explored , to experience what is unexperienced .
We try new things and take risks every day at home , at work , and among our friends , to find ourselves and to improve our charectors , and that is what create successful people .

Trying different things improves our charector .
You may try different recipes for dinner , recipes you had never tried before , making mixs your self .
That , for example , improves your taste and creativity .
It makes you experince things you thought never existed .
When you choose to start your own business but fear the loss , going on with your plans builds up confidence in you .
When you travel by an airplance , eventhough you fear it , that gives you courge .
All the choices we make , all the experinces we have builds who we are and defines us .

Sometimes we are lost , do n't kmow who we are or what we were ment to do and be .
Whether we were ment to be NBA stars or business managers , Holloywood star or a priest in a churich .
We never know untill we try what we still have not tried .
We are defined by what we do and how we do it and if we limit what we have done we will never have the nerve to do what we want to do .

We are good at what we already know , but are we at what we never tried ?
That is the thin line that differs seccessful people from those who are not .
We live in boxes that limit our way of thinking , and unless we relieze it , we will never get to where we want to be , will never achieve what we have always wanted to achieve -- greatness and success .
I do n't think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a guide because :

First , the routes of the guided trips are general standarized .
The visits and intineraries are already studied and planned by the tour guide so there is a chance you can miss an important site or place .
I think the best way to make a trip is by buying guides published by a well know brand like Lonely Planet .
This guides are full with tips , facts , history , hotels recommendations , restaurants , bars , etc .

Second , in most of the guided tours you will have limited free time since you need to follow a schedule .
For example , after visiting a church or temple , a museum ...
you will only have 2 hours of free time .
I believe that with this much of free time you can slightly see the city .
In general , all the hotels that tour trips reserve includes breakfast and generally you will have to wake up early .
What if I want to wake up late and have breakfast in a typical restaurants recommended by the locals ?

By travelling in a group you relly on other people tastes .
Maybe one member asks the guide to visit a toy factory .
What if I do n't want to go there ?

Other reason is that not all of the tour guides are well prepared .
In my experienice with tour guides I had some good and some bad .
Ocassionally some tour guides even lie or just make up facts to make the tour more appealling .

And finally , what if I do n't get along with somebody in the group ?
or maybe he asks too many irrelevant questions that may delay the an activity

I had travelled in both ways , in a tour group with a guide and with just my friends and a book as a guide .
I find the second more enjoyable since you mark your own pace , intinerary , and the best of all , you choose the people to go with .
` Do good and do it well ' .
I firmly believe in this adage .
I believe that an accomplishment in one academic subject can win laurels to an individual rather than basking in the false'glory ' of being the ` jack of all trades ' .

According to me even if a person has has a broad knowledge rof many academic subjects , it is of no good .
Scientifically , the human mind can register information only to a certain extent .
When the information is of diverse nature and quantity , the brain tends to faulter , hence creating chaos in the mind of the individual .
This has an obvious impact-inadequate , misleading and incomplete information .
Besides the personal loss , it has a profound impact on the people around the individual .
The people grasp the so - called ` information ' , which is of no good to them , ultimately leading to incoherence in their minds too .
This leads to a cumulative multiplication of misleading facts .
It is analogous to an attempt to sail on two boats simultaneously .
Hence broad knowledge is not concise , not informative and at times misleading .
It neither educates nor enlightens , infact it causes destruction in the long run .

On the other hand , having specific , detailed knowledge regarding a subject not only satiates the individual , it is advantageous in the long run too .
Detailed knowledge regarding one subject leads to enhancement of personal skills .
It fosters the individual with self confidence .
Specialisation enables a person to put his knowledge to practical use .
For instance , a scientist can carry out research on an issue only when he is well informed regarding the issue .
At that instant it his detailed knowledge regarding that subject which counts .
If people did not have specific knowledge , innumerous mysteries would have remained unfolded .
As a famous adage says , ` too many cooks , spoil the broth ' according to me , too many thoughts in the mind can also produce disastrous effects .
We cannot expect an individual to be painter , historian and a scientist at the same time ; rather we better not .
Specialisation takes into account , scope for further improvement as well as further strenghtening of skills .

So ultimately , its better to stick to one subject rather than misguiding yourself and the others by unneccesarily trying to gain knowledge
I personally believe that one of the main traits of successful people , is their ability to try new things and take risks , while keeping a very moderate and limited approach in life will probably diminish a lot the opportunities of a person .

In my opinion the key aspect is being open to new ideas , trends and influences because only by having an approach like this you learn about new things , push your boundaries and discover new opportunities .
All of these require a fair amount of risk .
I do n't neccessarily agree that the more risk there is involved and the better it is .
I just think that by taking calculated risks a person could incredibly increase it 's chances for success .
A perfect example is my grandfather .
He was a small carpets wholesaler in Italy in the mid 60's , when he realized that he could have made much more money if he went directly to Turkey , and directly imported carpets from there .
He was the first one to do it , and when the other dealers heard what he wanted to do , most of them tought that he had lost his mind .
It soon turned out to be a very smart idea , and within a couple of years he became the biggest wholesaler of antique rugs in Europe .
I think that the approach that a person chooses depends a lot from it 's aspirations .
Not everyone wants to become rich , powerfull or successful , some people are happy with what they have and do n't see the need for change .
This is why they keep on doing what they already know how to do well .
The problem is that if what you know to do well , for any reason is not good enough anymore you are in big trouble .
Some one could know very well how to use the telegraph , the problem is that today most people either use telephones , fax machines and email .
These tools achieve the same thing , in a better and faster manner .
The way that i try to leave my life is by bein open to new influences , trying new things , taking calculated risks with the hope one day of becoming successful
When people travel , they usually go places where they have not been before .
Depending on the characteristics of this place , a tour guide can be more or less helpful .
Discovering a new city by travel , means that there will be a lot to learn about the history , architecture , culture , etc. of the city and the region .
In this case , having a tour guide , who knows the city well enough , will help you get to know the city and see places you would not have found on your own .
It can be very frustrating , to be somewhere and not know what the place is really about .
On the other hand , this problem can be overcome by doing research beforehand .
With the advent of the internet , a large number of sources are available for literally every place in the world , and people can find everything they want to know .
I personally , like to read about the places I travel and learn about them before I go there .
However , you will never get to see a city form the point of view of somebody actually living there .
Therefore , having a tour guide for at least part of the travel is my favorite choice .

If you travel in order to mainly go hiking in the mountains , to go skiing or snowboarding , or to just enjoy relaxing on a beach , there is definitely no need for a tour guide .
Such travel is To address the question whether or not to travel in a group , I would prefer going on holidays with as many people as possible .
Experiencing new things , or having fun in a relaxing holiday , is always more fullfilling and pleasurable in a group .
I always need somebody to share my thoughts with .
Also , going to bars adn clubs , or just having a nice dinner , is part of a good travel .
For those reasons , having people around to chat and have fun with is a must when I travel .

Surely , the issues of travelling with or without a tour guide and in a group or alone , is a matter of personality .
Since I am a very social person , I like to have people around me .
Also , I am always curious about other countries and their cultures , so I want to learn as much as possible form a travel and like to have somebody from the region to tell me , from personal experience , what the place is about .
For the decades young people have been considered to be more willing to enjoy life than older people do unlike in ancient time when it was common sense that you could not enjoy life until you had reached a certain age .
How can we explain those statements

One thing is for sure ; young people tend to seize each day because even in his early age an human being is fully aware of his fragility and on day he will die like everybody else .
One could argue that applies even more to older people but i truly believe that this feeling is fundamental in the mind of a youth .

I do believe that young people enjoy more life and i think that it is the consequence of the desire of a teenager or a young adult to break free and to be in charge of everything when it comes to his life .
Therefore because it is the first time that they have the opportunity to live fully they enjoy life like they will never again , paradoxically enough it is enjoying your life that makes you forget after a certain lapse of time what it is to really enjoy life .
With time you tend to take everything for granted and you realize one day that your missing the simple pleasures that you used to crave about .

Growing up is an hard time for everyone ; it is the time when you are trying to figure out who you are and what you want to do .
In this time of insecurity usualy young people are smart enough to make the best of what they have amd to take advantage of anything that might happen to them .

To get somewhere in life one has to assert itself and in order to do so one has to be mature enough that is why i believe that w you are older you are able to enjoy life in a whole different way .
`` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .
Well I certainly think that is the best and most exciting way to travel !

There are various reasons why it is the best way .
When you travel in a group you are among other people who are from different countries and places and this might be a new experience for them as it might be for you .
As you visit different places you may want to exchange your views and ideas with the fellow members in the group which itself makes the whole experience exciting .
For example , lets say your visiting a historical place or monument , the guide explains the history and the story behind the place and the way it originated .
Suddenly , one member of a group might throw up new and more information about the place which he read it somewhere or heard it , or saw it on the TV and this will help the other group members get a better insight and make the experience of visiting the new place more enriching and lively .
Now , this does not mean that the tour guide is not doing a good job , ( on the lighter side ) but , lets admit , he is no God to know every bit of everything that he is showing , and there maybe times he may miss out trivial details not deliberatly but unknowingly or due to the time provided at his disposal .

Also , when your among a bunch of people visiting a new place its more fun , you get the chance to meet new people from different backgrounds and make friends during the journey and share more experiences of other places .
You can share jokes and there might be people who may share humorous experiences they had which makes the tour a whole lot of fun and enjoyment .
You may even end up learning about a new place which may end up being your next trip for a vacation !

Hence , I think travelling with a group accompanied by a tourist guide gives one the advantages of exchanging more knowledge and information and meeting new people which can make the overall experience fun and exciting because you end up not only visiting new and different places but also meeting new and different people !
If you open a textbook , for example a math one used in the past at school , it 's quite easy to notice that each theory and concept is followed by a practical example that explains and allows the student to get a better understanding of the cited rule .
In fact I personally think that this is the way students learn better and easier .
A concept on itself without an example sometimes does n't have much sense and it can be difficult to memorize it .

For istance , there are some subjects that have no meanings without facts and I believe history is one of these ones .
A student ca n't just have the idea of what is `` The Second World War '' without knowing the real historical events concerned to it .
It would be an empty information .
In my opinion history can be defined as a facts based subject where the ideas or concepts are almost irrelevant .

Although what I 've just said it depends much on the kind of subject you are going to study .
Some of them strictly require something more than the idea , meanwhile for others can be useless because it 's already clear by itself .

Facts such as dates , examples , references give probably a hand to the student at first when he approaches to study something new , once the student has understood well I agree with the general opinion which is that facts are secondary to the idea and they may lose their importance and can be forgotten .

As a result learning facts is helpful but it 's not all .
even a single fact does n't have sense if we do n't understand the reason we are studying it .
In summary it 's important to have a balance between these two kind of learning because only doing this a student can really reach a high level of knowledge .
I do agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Many young people nowadays do not pay enough attention to other peoples needs but are preoccupied with their own problems and activities .
On the other hand they use facilities given by their communities like youth centers and sports facilities and even schools which are mostly run by the community .
This stresses the point that many young people only take instead of taking and giving back .
They do not seem to realize that most of the facilities they use every day are run or at leat supported by their communities .

From these points one can draw the conclusion that young people should defenitely do something in order to give back to their communities .
Examples of what they could do for their community are on the one hand helping to keep all these facilities they use everyday running thus helping to keep places like parks , public transport and sports facilities clean and intact .
On the other hand they should also see what they can do for other people and their interests and needs .
Young people could e.g. help older people with their shopping , go to elderly homes and read books or newspapers to the people or play games with them .
That way they would socalize with other groups and give back to the community what they give to young people .

Also , young people should try to contribute to local issues like politics and demonstrations in order to support their community in important topics .
Through these activities they would improve the living standard everyone is getting profit from now and that they are getting profit from in the future .

To draw a conclusion young people should give more of their spare time to their community in order to socialize and get into contact with other groups of people and also to give back part of the effort adults make to have the younger enjoy their environment and facilities .
Every people wants to get as much enjoyment as he can get from his life .
One of the main factors that affects the level of this enjoyment is the age of the person .
I think young people enjoy life more than older ones since there are more facilities for them and they are less directly concerned with many problems that come with age level .

To begin with , there are many entertainment facilities in today 's world for young people such as night clubs , sports clubs , dance clubs and so on .
The primary reason behind this fact is the marketers ' concern about the young people that they are more energetic and more attracted for entertainment products and services .

Secondly , young people tend to be more individualistic .
They have a tendency to think of themselves rather than their families .
They go to parties , enjoy their college educations etc .
They have little concern for money , since their parents pay for their expenses or they are granted scholarships .
On the other hand when people becomes older , several different concerns arise .
Older people should think of the financial situation of the family members , education of their siblings , housing expenses and surviving after retirement .

Some people may argue that age does not matter in terms of enjoying life by claiming there are many opportunities suitable for every age group .
Although I agree to this claim to a certain extent , I think there are some physiological and psychological constraints that prevent them from doing what they want to do .
Illnesses and being tired of life can be given as an example .

To sum up , I can easily say that young people 's having much more facilities for entertainment and being confronted with less problems make them enjoy their lives more .
The young people of today are a much more informed and aware group of people than young people in the past ever were .
They are the future of society and community and ofcourse have a big role to play in giving back to and helping their communities .
It is unfair to say that they do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I am of the opinion that young people nowadays give as much if not more time than the youth of years gone by ever did to helping their communities .
The youth of today having had more oppurtunities than youth of yester years ever did have benefited greatly from the same .

There are several examples from recent years that go on to prove how young people have devoted a lot of their time and energy towards forwarding a cause that is related to their communities .
As a particular example , one may look at the anti firecracker drives undertaken by young people across several regions during festive seasons .
Such campaigns are aimed at issues ranging from reducing the pollution levels experienced due to bursting of firecrackers to more grave topics such as tackling child labour ( often being emplyed in fire cracker factories ) .
However , some may argue that as a movement such anti-firecracker drives may be instigated not by young people themeselves ; but the fact remains that such drives are successfull only due to the active participation and support of young people .
And we have sufficient evidence to belive that these movements are more successful today than they ever were in the past .

Another example is that of community service programs initiated in several private schools over the past few years .
It is now compulsory in several schools to complete a certain number of community service hours .
What is most heartening is that I myself have experienced first hand how many students are interested in devoting more time than is compulsarily required of them .
A myriad of social service clubs have formed in schools .
In my own school , such a club was in the nascent stages when I graduated .
Once again , cynics may argue it is not the youth themselves who are jumping in on community service ; but the bottomline is that the average school going student today probably spends a lot more time in community service than a student did ten or twenty years ago .

One arguement that must be put forth to make the case for the young people today even stronger is the current state of growth and development of communities in different regions .
Barring a few exceptions , the standard of living of people has gone up over time and therefore so has the standard of the community that houses these people .
In my opinion , it is not possible to explain such an improvement in community life without giving some credit to the young people of the community .
Even if the younger people may not be at the helm of organising community get-togethers and events , they are most often the ones that participate heartily in the same .
Such active participation definately goes to help their communities develop .
It is really good to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , but specializing is something that is probably more useful once a person starts working .
This does n't mean that a wide knowledge of many academic subjects is n't an advantage for those who have it .

When a person ends his high school or university studies , he finds out that employers of many companies looks for people with specific abilities .
For istance it is not very common for a person who graduated in geography to work for an investiment bank because he probably does n't know enough about the financial markets and does n't have as many quantitative tools as a mathematician or as a person who graduated in economics .
Of course no economic graduates will easily find a job as a geography resercher .
In these specific cases , which are certainly not the only , it is probably better to be specialized in a single subject .

However , it is not very hard to understand that , between those who specialized in just one specific subject , not everyone will be able to have a succesful career .
When a company choses a person to advance in his position , it does n't look only at working abilities ( which are supposed to be pretty good for everyone ) , but it also looks for leadership abilities .
I think that a person that has broad knowledge of many academic subjects will be most likely to have this characteristic : thanks to the many things he knows , he can speak with many different people from the many different areas of the company which he works for .
This comunication ability will make it easier for him to be a leader inside the company .

In conclusion , I do n't really agrre to the topic statement because I would n't be able to chose between broad knowledge of many academic subjects and specialized knowledge : I would spend more time studying , so that I could have both .
It is likely that to specialize in one specific subject is beneficial for people who have decided to develop their carreers in a certain area , but I think that , in general , to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is more helpful in our lives .

First of all , to obtain a great number of academic encourages us to have many options or choices with regard to our intellectual activities as well as our careers .
If one has knowledge of only one fierld , he or she can not revise the direction of life .
For example , my old friend had a prominent knowledge about iron industry and he decided to get into a certain large iron company .
Fortunately he joined the largest company in Japan , but the iron industry faced a serious recession later , which required him to take advantage of another skill or knowledge which he did not have .
I think people ought to be as versitile as possible , and ramify their lives according to condirions and phenominon .

Secondly , to develop a diverse sequence of knowledge help us find what we would have never found .
When I worked for a life insurance conpany , I was studying the neiboring industries such as the property / casuality insurance , mutual funds , and investment banking .
Then , the idea that it is possible to make a innovative products by mixing the features of each industry had occured to me .
And eventually , I became one of the member of our project in which we established a financial holding company under which there are now several financial institutions .
In addition , I am in charge of product development , especially high-brid product which consists of both life insurance and mutual fund .

In conllusion , for the reasons pointed out above , I definitely think that to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject .
THe topic deals with the improtance of understanding ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts , the purpose of studing is to gain knowledge about the topic he is studying , i agree with the above topic and i am in faver of it .

In order to do some work or implement it in or daily life you must know about the main contantys of the study and core concept , you may think of `` COMPUTER SCIENCE '' in order to handle a computer you must the components of it and the function of each part .
If youn take the help of teacher it may help you a lot in any concept or in any object that you want to learn about .

When u know deep about it only you can operate it or repair it if any damage takes place , whit out knowing it you canot touch a single part in it so must know the `` HARD WARE '' concept of the `` COMPUTER '' or if you want to use a `` SOFT WARE '' like `` WINDOWS '' you must know or have a knowledge about `` SOFT WARE '' also .

Similarly if you want to design a car you must know what are the main parts of it and they functions , you must know about the machine mats how they work and also how they are connected internally , and also you must know about the micro processor that in dult in cars which can not be learned practically .

The main concept of each and every object is known by learning about its concepts and the main ideas of it , if you have idea on the perticular topic then you must gain practical knowledge of that perticular object on which you are going to work .

You can ride a bike only when you know the operation of each object of the moter bike , orther wise it may lead to accedents also , so i conclude that it is more important for a student to under stand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn fact .
When young people have to decide between doing something for their own benefit , or something that could benefit the whole community , they would mostly likely chose to benefit themselves , unless the action for the community would give them something in exchange .
I agree with the statement `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' , and I also belive that they should understand why helping the community is important .

Nowadays young people are much more selfish and dedcate less time to help others unless they are forced to do so .
Schools most of the time need to force students to complete hours of community service .
This is a right decision that the schools take as the students have to learn that sometimes it is best to sacrifice some of their time to give it to the community that they live in .
In addition , helping the community does not necesserly take a great amount of work , time or dedication .
Even small actions done frequently are a great input for the society .

Young people need to understand that they cannot only take from the community but they need to give something back to it , not necesserly because they have to do it , but because they should want to do it .
When completing an actoin for the good of the community , one should get back the satisfacion of being able to give something to the community that one is part of , the satisfacion of doing something good , and the satisfaction of being unseful to a great number of people rather than only yourself .

To conclude , I personally agree with the statement and belive in a need for change in respect of the attitude of these young peopole who do not dedicate enough time to the community they live in , and do not understand the importance of giving in something for the good of a group of individuals rather than only one .
It has been said that knowledge and free thinking form the basis of any successful society .
The maxim completely describes todays world which has seen a tremendous desire to achieve milestones previously unimaginable .

For any society to grow we require an understanding of previous knowledge and also an account of our past achievements .
But would it not cause stagnation if the sole purpose of learners was to be aware of these facts and learn them ?
Progress can only be made if we analize our past and learn from them .
Analizing can only come through a proper understanding of ideas and concepts .
Luckily throughout history we have seen mavericks , be it Galileo or Newton or even someone as recent as Einstein , who went against the tide to come up with ideas that allowed the next generations to flourish .

Were it not for our unending thirst for knowledge we would still be living in the stone age .
This is self evident fron the way kids grow and learn from their surroundings .
A baby may never learn how to walk or talk if its brain did not possess the ability to grasps the required steps involved in this complex process .
In this case it may be understanding subconsciously but if we want a robot to simulate the actions of a child we would first require a complete understanding of the involved steps .
Only after this can we put newer ideas into making machine emulate man .

As students it is much more important to understand ideas and concepts during our college years .
This is the time when we not only learn new things but also contribute to the society as a whole .
Be it in any field ; even activities like dancing and singing have evolved over time due to our constantly changing approaches .
Our world today is a technological world and needs constant changes owing to the ever increasing demands .
Computers are becoming increasingly comlpex and faster at the same time .
The computer was invented because of someones tremendous visions but little would he have realized its sinificance in todays world .

We students are the new work force of the future and are aware of the needs of todays world .
Despite all the progress we have made we suffer from difficulties in all countries rich or poor .
Our understanding of the world , its people and the interrelations have just evloved .
Yes we do require facts to account for the details and observations we have made .
But it would serve no purpose if it is not backed up with proper interpretaion and newer ideas to better our future .
Our future , thus , depends on how well we understand ideas and concepts and come out with newer ones .
It is true that young people enjoy life much more that older people do and I support this statement entirely .
We have to however , realize that we maybe refering to a specific time period and different stage of age-groups at different times , this may include one 's years of adolescence or even the teenage years .

As an adult with a family to look after , there are a lot of additional responsibilities that are thrust onto one 's shoulders .
As a younger person there maybe the academic pressure that one has to cope up with but not a problem as such .
Afterall , it is the duty of every child to study .
The adults are incorporating into their lives what they have already learnt , while the younger are still in the process of learning the basic tricks of the trade .
Learning however , is a never ending process .

As a younger person , there is always a tendancy to experiment .
Sometimes this may prove to be successful or may lead to failure .
The whole point is that as a younger person , we are at an immature stage in our lives and things may not affect us that adversely and this is a big advantage and a huge motivational factor to go out and try different things .
After all as said by George Bernard Shaw in his famous play Pygmalion , `` What is a life but a series of inspired follies . ''

Younger people have a lot more freedom , in the sense that they have a much wider curriculum and whole lot of facilities to avail off , which our elders could have only dreamt of having in their time .
Ofcourse there is no shortcut to success and the required amount of hardwork has to be put in , only we are luckier that we have access to better and quicker resources to consult .

A great example could be taken from within a school community itself .
The Senior-Junior relationship .
As a junior there is not much expected out of one , except a good academic , which goes for everyone across the board .
As a senior one may be vested with great power , and with great power comes great authority and greater responsibility .
It is really surprising , yet true to see such a major shift of responsiblity even among a smaller group .
School is however only a micro-cosm of the world and this is how the heirarchy is maintained the world over .
The younger lot have no tension as such .

The younger one 's always have a much relaxed attitude towards towards life and its other various aspects as well , and why should'nt they , there is the right time for everything and as they grow older the burden of responsibility will get to them .
Life at a younger stage is much more relaxed and stress-free .

As an adult one may be dealing in a very rigorous and challenging climate , with a lot of intense competition , however , different than that of a younger person .
Thus , I can conclude by saying that the younger lot do enjoy life a lot more than the older people do .
This is a very difficult question , which I ca n't answer by saying `` yes '' or `` no '' .
There are arguments for both opinions .
On the one side , you have to think of the less devoloped countries of today .
They will clearly have economic progress and more wealth for the people within the next twenty years .
For example , the quality of life in countries like China or India has been improved within the last decades .
And qualitiy of life means having your own car , as it is common in Europe or Northern America .
So , in the year 2026 , the world could be faced with inhabitans of former `` third world '' countries who drive their own car .

One the other side , the problems of carbon dioxide , such as global warming or more tornados , will leed to a different way to consider the use of energy .
The `` green house effect '' is more and more acknowleged among scientists , and maybe somedays also the governments will consequentially deal with this problem .
Cars are one of the main producers of coarbon dioxide .
So , if you want to try to stop global warming , one possibility could be to reduce the number of cars .
Maybe the governments - instead of making it possible for their citizens to have an own car - will improve the public traffic systems like buses or trains , or they will try to develope new technologies which are n't dependent on fossile energy , like solar energy nowerdays .
In Germany , also the taxes on fuel are very high .
The government tries this way to make the people become aware of their use of fuel and maybe to reduce it .

Finally , no one knows what the technological or economical developement of the world will be like within the next twenty years .
But these developements will extremely influence the number of cars .

I think , the second version is more probable and therefore I agree with the statement above .
The idea of millions of Chineses and Indians driving their own cars and producing much more carbon dioxide than today is n't very convenient .
Although it is hard to admit , I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I support it because even though I have many friends , I know nobody who is or has been involved in activities in their communities .
There are , in my opinion , two main reasons for this .

One of the reasons is because young people , especially students , are busy with their school work or afterschool activities .
When I was in highschool , I got up at 7am , studied until 3pm , then practiced tennis ( because I was in tennis team ) until 6pm and got home at 7pm .
This I did for 6 days per week , and had only Sunday to rest .
All I wanted to do that day was stay home and relax , not be involved in activities for the community .

The same can also be said about university students , most of whom study , be involved in activities , and work at the same time .
There is , I think , just not enough time for young people to cast their attention to their communities .
That is one of the reasons for their not helping their communities .

The other reason is because young people are just not interested in their communities .
Their interest is in their friends , games , parties , hobbies : in other words , themselves .
They lack the voluntary spirit or the will to cooperate and help the region they live in .

When I was in university , I had a lot of friends .
They had high goals for their future , and studied a lot ; being serious , they were interested in economics and politics , reading lot of books too .
But even they were not involved in any activities for helping their community .

Young people , being much more energetic and active than elders , should be participating in helping their communities .
But for the reasons stated above , they are not .
Therefore , I support the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The important issue under consideration is the use of cars in future say twenty years from now .
I would like to agree with the statement that there would be fewer cars in use than there are today .
It may seem a little surprising but there are numerous advances and happenigns which support this view .

One of the important reasons for the reduction in number of cars in near future is goign to be the oil .
Judging by the recent trends in oil prices it would be almost impossible for common person to own a personal car .
There is a goign concern about the limited petroleum reserves on which presently our automobiles run .
The suggested replacements like solar cars electric cars are n't a very viable option right now .
Going by the trend it would take them few decades to mature into consumer products which afford the same flexibility .

Secondly beside the fact about the fuel shortages there is a growing concern for the harmful effects of the emmissions on the enivironment .
This has led to planning of better public transport system and novel ways like car pools to reduce the emissions and use the resources efficiently by bundling together people goign to similar places at the same time .
Hopefully newer ideas like shuttles bullet trains ertc might help to cater to the transport needs of the increase in population .
Such awareness would reduce the number of cars on road .
Maybe we might get the technology to teleport liek star trek in few decades just a whimisical thinking .

Thirdly there is a major problem of congestion .
The public roadways in most places is n't geared to handle such huge traffics and the government does n't have fuinds to improve them further .
There has been an increase of over 300 % in the number of cars in my city New Delhi only .
This translates into more jams and delays in the work schedules .
There is also a growing problem of parking space .
The metropolitians are already too crowded to afford a parkign space prsently itself .
An average oiffcie goer in cannaught Place new Delhi has to park his car on an average two kilometers away .
The situation in future is n't goign to provide incentive to the people to buy new cars .
This is further aggravated by the number of accidents .
A recent study conducted by the Delhi Transport Authority shows a disturbing trend of increase in number of accidents over the period of ten years .
This translates directly into loss of life and property .
hence it is expected that in future the number of cars would actually go down .

But finally and most importantly with the advent of internet it might actually be possible that people do n't need to travel out that often .
We might just do our shopping over ebay or order deliveries from our home .
The facilities of teleconferencing and videoconferencing might go a long way and remove the use of actual transport of oneself physically oevr to the other palce .
we already have succesful examples of oursourcing .
These may be further modeled into working from home .
Schooling can be done oevr internet .
Children migth get lectures and assignments sittign at home .
They can reference huge databases for their assignments .
We can for example get our compete bank accounts over net in case of ICICI .
We can but airline tickets or stuff using our VISA credit card .
This would reduce the need of edxtra trips to work place shopping malls and schools .
This would translate into lesser use of private owned car thus the futility of owning one .

The idea of lesser cars in next twenty years is based on the fatc that we humans would like to make this environment better and make the best use of the technologicval advances thereby reducing the number of cars on the road .
In general I agree that most advertisements let people think that products are better as they are in reality .

There are three different types of publicity that makes its products better as they are .
The first group of advertisement is the one that simply lies about the qualities of a certain product .
It says that products are able to do things that are not true to make the product seem better .
A product is better the more things it can do .
Today often it is not enough if people can use a certain machine just to do one thing .
Because people need many things today and they do not have a lack of space ( and often also a lack of money ) to buy for everything a new machine .
So today a mobile phone need to have a camera , a radio , a alarm clock and many things more in addition to a telephone .
So often today companies use lies to make the product seem better as it is .
The consequence of this is that the customers are disapointed and do not buy products of this company anymore and do not recomment this firms to their friends .
So the company often is not able to survive a long time .

There is a second type of publicity .
Many companies exagerate when they discribe their product .
One way for exageration is to make the advertised thing seem nicer on a picture or at television as it is in reality .
Many technical products look after a short time of use very old .
In the advertisement a shaver looks very new although the man in the publicity say that he is using it already for a long time , a year or so .
Or often products look bigger or packagings give the impression that they are fuller as they are in reality .
The consequences of those advertisements are not so grave .
People are used to the fact that advertisements exagerate and ofthen people do not complain because of those details if they like the product in general .
Those exagerations are not essential .

The third group of publicity are also lies but this group differs from the second group mentioned above .
Those lies are lies that people do not believe .
A company sometimes says impossible things about a product just to make it famous and to let the people think about it .
A very famous example is a drink that is called Red Bull .
The advertisemet says that if somebody drinks Red Bull he is supposed to get wings and to fly .
But everybody knows that today it is not possible ( or not yet ) to drink something and then be able to fly .
So that is a lye ( it can be called also a white lie ) that nobody believes .
It can be also seen as a strong exaggeration that does not harm anybody .

Finally it think that most companies make products seem muck better in the advertisements as they really are .
But today companies often do not have another possibility as to do so .
Because there are so many advertisements and people just look at the ones which seem interesting and innovative to them .
So there is a big battle of the best advertisement .
Having a broad knowledge of a vast range of academic subjects will prove to be effective if a person feels the urge to excell in various carreerpaths , or has a scholar position that demands a certain level of cultural backgroung and knowledge .
This way , an individual may be able to cover a wide range of topics and portray himself as a consultant , who is capable of mentoring and advising in many areas .

For instance , a lawyer who later specializes in human resources , and mass communication , could easily coach a company in organizational culture assesment , propose solutions or strategic plans through an effective communicative mechanism , handle employees benefits and compensation , and also deal with litigations or other legal related issues .
As a team leader , he could also lead or intertwine different departments and monitor their activities due to the fact that he conveys many of the elements involved in one person .
In addition , it gives you the opportunity to experience other positions or maybe switch jobs , having the reassuring feeling that if something goes wrong along the way , there are other options to consider because the knowledge is there .

On the other hand , by specializing in one specific subject , a person can direct all efforts and skills to his field of interest , therefore becoming an expert in the area and turning out to be highly coveted for his expertise .
In the case of a medical doctor who specializes in cardiology , he will probably dedicate all his life to this branch of the medical field , gain experience and offer a much deeper insight than a regular doctor would .

Both carrer moves are effective when they are aligned to the individual goals .
If it is mandatory to take sides , and choose one path , I would definately , take the broad knowledge approach , it offers a multi disciplinary focus from a professional perspective which allows you to asses , advise , mentor , tutor and try different options in the job market .
I disagree to the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Because you cannot be free if you are in a group , also there is less chance to interact with the people of the place you visit and you cannot explore things by yourself .

First , people want to travel to be free from their ordinary lives such as time limits and rules .
However , if you are in a travel group , there will be more rule to follow and time limits than travelling by yourself .
For example , you probably not be able to spend much time where you want to stay long and always have to be on time to get together with other people .
I would be stressed if I have not much freedom during the travel .

Second , you will get to meet more native people where you visit if you travel on your own than travel with a group .
One of the most important reasons to travel is meeting other people from other world .
However , if you are with a travel group , you only get to hang out with that group until you come back home not knowing how the people you visit are like .
Therefore , I would travel on my own to get to know the people from the places I visit .

Third , you will not be able to explore things by yourself .
You can make much memories if you deal with new things from the new places by yourself .
If you only follow the leaders of the group you would not feel pleasure of achievement during the trip .

In sum , I prefer travelling on my own to travelling in a group due to the less freedom when you are in a group , lack of chances to meet native people from other world and losing chances to explore things in the new places .
You will be filled with lots of stories if you travel on your own .
When I think of TV commercials , catalogs , and advertisements in a town , I certain agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

The purpose of advertisements is promoting the products ' sales .
Therefore , I think it is a natural sequence that advertisements try to make prtoducts seem better as much as possible .
Therefore , customers should be aware of the nature of advertisements and should carefully examine the products before purchase .

However , this nature of advertisements has become a growing concern today .
It has been for a while since catalog shoppings started , and online shoppings have been significantly increasing lately .
Customes cannot look closely at or touch products before perchase on catalog and online shoppings .
If advertisements make products look too much better than they are really are , customers may regret the purchase when they have the products in their hands .
I often see this situation happens around me .

I think it relies on the marketing strategies and also moral of sellers how much better advertisements are allowed to make products seem .
Sellers definetely should provide as detailed written information as possible other than `` a nice picture . ''
Sellers also may need to provide the information that customers often misunderstand about the product .
Sellers who are sincere about their products eventually attain customers ' trust , and become a winner in the field of products , hopefully .
In some countries , there is a tough controversy about the final objective of education .
Should it deal with a maximum academic subjects , so as to provide a vast general knowledge to the students , or should it rather focus on a specific matter , in order to prepare the youngsters to their confrontation with the professional world ?

First , I am convinced that it is a nonsense to force the students to specialize too early .
They have to try a great variety of subjects before genuinely being aware of what truely interests them .
By granting them some time to think , a varied schedule will allow them to make a valid choice and to change their mind , if necessary .

Then academic subjects are often complementary .
When you have the possibility to study a lot of different subjetcs , you can observe how they interact and get a more critical view on a particular topic .
For instance , every human science tries to explain how human beings behave in a society : economy , philosophy , psychology , anthropology , they all give us a different theory about the way we choose , decide , react in our environment .
By acquiring the basics in several of those subjects , a student will be able to shape his own opinion .

In addition , every subject has in his fundamental course some elements that belong to our society 's common knowledge .
Our culture is defined by our history , as well as our litterature , but also what we know in biology , physics , art or even sport .
Having a few hints about what is important to know in each field is a major requirement to understand current events , or more generally to gain tolerance to different opinions and beliefs .

However , I also want to advocate for the necessity of an eventual specialization .
Indeed , before entering the professional world , being particularly skilled in a given field is a moajor competitve advantage .
In the prospect of getting a job , a graduating student must think about what counts for the recruiters he will face .
If you want to be a botanist , it may not be useful to pursue advanced macroeconomics .
Every person has their own definitions for enjoyment which might even change according to the various stages of lifes .
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Their is a vast age gap between the people compared who are in different phases of their lifes .

Young people enjoy life from their pure heart .
they can do the activities which makes them happy , excited and feels them elevated on top of this world .
No matter how small the task they have done they enjoy it completely .

In contrast the expertise of life . , ie the old age people enjoy their life for the matter of satisfaction .
At this age they start living for their children , their family .
They will be ready everytime to compromise their dreams for the sake of their children .
At this age they start thinking that they had lived their life completely now its the time of their children to live life , As the person grows older the problem of ego starts , he has to maintain his dignity according to his profession , the status in the society do matter , all these things deprives them from the pleasure that they could experience by doing few things which is really going to make them happy .

young people , specially the children can perform certain activities which cannot be posssible in the case of old age like asking few silly questions to their mothers which mothers do reply patiently , playing in muddy waters , children as such do not have any responsibilites on they shoulders .
Coming to the adolascents , they do enjoy lifes but here the definition of enjoyment changes .
They imagine themselves as independent individuals who has entered a competitive world which is even filled with fun and entertainment .
They have a huge responsibility on their shoulders of leading a successfull life .
They are the young bloods who can party hard , work hard and accept the challenges of their lifes .
In accomplishing them they gain experience and they even enjoy the difficulties faced by them .

Every person should enjoy till the time they are alive in this world .
They should look their life as a challenge and face it darely and enjoy every aspect of it .
Young people enjoy more compared to others .
Personally , I would agree with this statement , and the raesons are fairly simple .
Facts alone cannot help you much , a better understanding of concepts will help in the developing of new ideas , and if we only focus on facts , we will miss the big picture .

Facts alone cannot help anyone alone .
An ideal example would be a detective tryiong to solve a crime .
Let 's say the detective have all the facts he got all the information or evidence he needs , but he still needs to understand these facts and evidence .
He will needs a reason for the crime , an understanding of human feelings and reactions to certain situation because without a good understanding these all the evidence and information are worthless .

A complete understanding of the concepts will help us create new ideas .
For example .
imagine a scientist trying to come with anew theory of the atom .
These scientist needs to understand all of the concepts and reasonig that involve the atom because if we do not understand the past how can we create a better future .

It is said that t make an objectical abservations we should trow all of our emmotions away , and only focus on the facts .
That might be true for machines or any kind of object because they do not posses emmotions .
However , when we are making observations about an person or anything that have emotions this would only cause problem .
Imagine that aperson id being trial for fighting with another man for no apparent reason .
This man should suffer some kind of punishment for doing this .
However , let 's say this man 's wife had a car accident the afternoon of the day of the fight , and now she is in a critical state fighting for her life .
The man who had never had any kind of trouble breaks apart and decides to go for a drink , but he gets drunk and starts punching the man sittin beside him .
Should this man be punish for doing this ? .
H is a critical moment his wife might die .
The point is tha people cannot be judge only on facts .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Personally , I think that people who are 60 or older would enjoy their lives much more that younger people , especially people who are between that age of 16 to 50 .
I agree the reason for being young is to have fun and enjoy life , but that does not mean that only young people can have fun , and older people would definitely have boring lives .
For example , my grandmother who live s in China is 70 years old , but I have never heard her coomplaining about her life is boring .
Even though she lives alone at home , but she still has her social life like I do .
She signed up for a ballroom dancing class at the local learning center , and goes there three times a week .
Since then , she has made many more friends , and because she is very good at dancing , she feels that is the place that she belngs to .
As for me , I have made friends in my school since i moved here , and I constantly Hang out with them .
Another reason I think that older people would enjoy life more than younger people is because most of the people who are 60 or older are retired , they do n't have to work anymore .
Which means they do n't have to deal with the all the pressure from work or schools , perhaps the relationships between co-workers and bosses .
I can see that every night when my parents come home from work , they always look exhausted , but they still have to cook , and finish the rest of their work after dinner .
They also have to face other problems such as morgages , bills , my college tuitions and more .
On the other hand , my grandmother , who is already retired , she does not have to worry about things like that , she can just relax and enjoy the rest of her life .
Therefore , I do not agree with the statement and I think that older people can enjoy their lives even more .
There is no need to know the things like concepts and ideas , which are already known by everyone .
In order to be much more creative and productive , students have to learn the facts instead of understanding the concepts and ideas .
In my opinion , there are some basic reasons for that .

First of all , internet has become an important factor in students life .
They can search the information which they have been looking for and they can learn the facts easily .

Secondly , it is much more beneficial for the students to learn the facts .
If they are forced to research the information and datas , they will probably create their own ideas about a topic instead of understanding an old one .
That will make them much more creative and prouductive .
For instance , think a teacher who gives an assignment to the students about a political issue .
If student searches the internet by using google , he or she will have some information about the issue and maybe has a little information that already exists .
But if he or she tries to understand the basics of politics and learnes the fundamental facts , he or she can create his own opinon about that issue .

To sum up , in order to be creative , students should spend their time by reading and researching the facts that they do not know .
They must learn the facts in order to have their own about topics instead of memorising the consepts and the ideas which have already been known .
Advertisements are one of the most power means of communication in modern society , people hardly ignore their existant .
Undoubtedly , nowadays , advertisements are everywhere , people could n't live without them .
There are on the TV , in the radio , on the top of the building , event being printed on the subways and buses .
Most of advertisements combine with words and illustations , these sentences and colorful pictures strongly draw people 's attention .
I Take myself as an example , I was always being attracted by the huge billbroad hung on the Time Square , and I felt these pictures are so delicate , elegant and beautiful .
Nevertheless , have you ever think about that are they too good to be true .
Are these modles on the billbroad really as perfect as princes and princesses in the child 's book .
I mean They have no pimples or extra hairs at all on their faces .
Something must be done for this advertisement I suspect .
After I went to graphic design school to obtain the knowledge about photoshop , I understood that actually these perfect faces had gone through special repairs , the advertisers or graphic designers applies photoshop to make the model 's faces look fawless .
In this way , advertisements will attract comsumers to purchase more products , and make more profits for merchants .
However , it brought about many disadvantages .
Some products in the advertisements look too good to be true , actually , in some extent , the companies or merchants misled the comsumers .
For instance , one day , I went to lunch at Wendy 's , I was attracted by an advertisement that a huge hambager with a big pack of french fries only charge me $ 3 .
Then I bought it without a hesitation .
When I recieved the food from the attentant , I was competely shocked .
The food is not good enough than I expected before .
From that day , I did n't trust food advertisement at all , I thouhght they are all fake , the food is not as food as they discribe
The role of media and advertisements on our lives has always been an interesting topic for me .
The pushing media plays a significant part in our decision giving process and consuming patterns .
I strongly agree that most of the advertisements imposed to us effects our buying decisions and make the products seem better than they really are .

First of all , the product advertised on several media channels mostly do not reflect its real physical appereance in terms of size , shape , or color .
By the help of advancing technologies such as computer programs and new viewing technologies in creative sciences , it became so easy to make adjustments on the physical appereance of a product .
As a result the product seems much more attracting to consumers on TV or newspaper .
But when you go to buy the product you realize that it does not look as good as it was advertised Additionally , in terms of quality what is promised by the firm is mostly not realized after the purchasing stage .
It is easy to promise on ads rather than realizing it .
For example in my country many home appliance firms which basically produce washing machines or refrigerators assure their customers that their goods will not be broken for three years .
And if these goods are broken they guarantee affording the cost of fixation .
In reality the item you buy generally breaks down in less than three years .
Worsely , when you email or phone them to transfer your complaint or dissatisfaction , it is a tiny possibility that you will get assistance .

Lastly firms are getting more wild on earning more profits because of the financial instability in the world .
Wars and economic crisis always fluctions in economy .
Therefore companies in order to strengthen their financial standing and improve their profit margin .
they focus on advertisements to increase their sales .
As a consequence new way of advertising enters into scene which is lying people about their products and pushing them to buy without hesitation .

consequently I strongly agree that in todays world most of the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are since the advancing technology , ease of promising more and more and the financial status of the countries and firms .
In twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use and the following will illustrate why .

Maybe you will find this saying quite odd as nowadays automobiles are found everything , especially in city like Hong Kong .
However , due to the decrease population rate and the increase elderly and death rate , such scenario can be easily understood .
With the low birth rate and the high death rate , in twenty years time , it is believed that the world 's population will be decreased by forty percent .
Wiith such low population , the demand for automobiles will definitely decrease and hence by that time , fewer cars will be found .

Pollutants caused by cars are another example that will support such saying .
According to a research , it is estimated that pollutant and other toxic gases exhausted from the cars are three times as harmful as breathing in smog directly .
In order to control the problem of air pollution , many countries will eventually impose heavy taxes on cars , or to certain extent , ban the use of car .
Hence , in twenty years , fewer cars will be in use .

The rise of oil prices and other economic factors are also the reasons for the reduce in the use of cars in twenty years times .
As you may observe , the oil prices have been fluctuating rapidly , together with the adverse economic factors such as high unemployment rate , many car users will find it relatively expensive and risky in using cars , causing the decrease in number of cars in uses in the long run .

Last but not least , improvement in technology will also reduce the number of cars in use .
We all know that cars can narrow the distance bepeople and improve communications , increasing the interactions between people so as to make a better society .
However , with the improvement in technology , such means are n't essential .
For example , with the rise of the Internet , we can commmunicate easily and need not to drive our cars to see each other .
Besides , with the improvement in technology , maybe within twenty years time , inventions such as travelling machine will be invented , making cars being redundant .
All these can explain why there will be fewer cars in twenty years .
In every country we go , there is a large number of cars , but this figure will decrease in the future .
I think that in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Nowadays there are so many cars in the world that we will be forced to abandon them in the future .
There are certain factors that I want to point out that will favour this decrease .

First of all , I think that it will be imposible for everyone to have a car .
The car prices but specially the petrol prices will go up steadily in the future : the fuel is going up and up everyday , but it will get worse as they become scarce .
Petrol prices are expensive now but they will be impossible to pay for a large number of people .

The pollution will be another factor that will decrease the number the cars in our streets .
We all have to be aware of the dangers of the pollution that cars produce .
The car smoke is one of the key factors of pollution in many countries .
In is important to bear in mind that we are damaging the planet and soon this damamge will become irreversible .

Also , in a more practical approach , traffic will act a deterrent for many car buyers in large cities .
In the future , it will be impossible to drive in the cities and more and more people will use the public transport .
Although there are many citizens using the public transport , it seems that figures will increase every year .

Regarding the public transport , citizens should put more pressure on government so they create an effective public transport network .
In my opinion , if this objective is accomplished , people would rely in the public transport and would abandon the need of the car .

In conclusion , I think that in twenty years there will be less cars in our streets than there are today .
I think that we will need to consider these points in order to use or not use our cars .
I agree that young people nowadays do not offer enough time to helping their communities .
Considering too many entertainments in their environment and too many academic assignments in their school , and too less timie to rest , young people certainly spend insufficient time on their community-related tasks .

First , it is too many attractive entertainments in our modern society that make young people indulge themselves in these entertainments .
For example , in my dewelling city , there are full of all kinds of entertainments , such as pub , movie theaters , and department stores .
The young people spend their each weekend and holidays on shopping , seeing the movies , and playing .
As a result , they have less willingness to devote to their communities .

Second , it is a great number of school assignments that prevent young people from attending community affairs .
Today , young students have more homework , assignments , and quizzes to complete than before .
Because of the more accessibility of of knowledge and information , young people are required to do more practice and take more examinations during their education , which reduce their possibility to join communities .

Finally , it is lack of enough resting time that young people might not have extra energy to engage in the community affairs .
For example , in my country , young students have to attend cram school after formal school classes .
Also , they are expected to take various art or music classes only because their parents ask them to do so .
In this case , they could n't have enough time to rest , not to mention that they plan to help their communities .

In summary , I agree that today , young people give much less time to helping their communities for several reasons , which may be mentioned above , too many time on entertainments and school assignments and less time to rest .
On the one hand , I agree in some ways with the statement saying that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' for specific reasons .
First , one ca n't deny that young people are healthy and it makes their every-day-life easier than for older people : less sleeping problems , many outdoors activities offered , etc .
Then , young people do benefit from an other important advantage : they have time in front of them .
Indeed , such a situation helps to make plans for one 's future .
On top of that , young people can benefit from the fact that they do not have children and the responsabilities going with it .

Furthermore , life for young people often appears as easier and less heavy because of their easygoing way of being and thinking .

But , on the other hand , many reasons encourage me to disagree with the discussed statement and say that young people do not always enjoy life more than older people do .

Indeed , I would first underline the fact that older people often - but not always - have something very precious that youngsters do not have : maturity .
And it is to my mind a great help to handle everyday life .
There are many things I have done when I was young I wish I could do again with the experience I got since that time .

An other thing which also often lack young people : money .
For insance , It is quite a heavy situation to be a student , even if adults often forget this and only remind the good sides of their youth .

As a conclusion , I would say that enjoying life is not really a matter of age but rather the way one handle with it .
It happens that youngsters with maturity , money and health really appreciate life , whereas older people can lack maturity and money .
So there is no rule of age and enjoying age , I would rather say it is an every day work on oneself
I agree with the statement .
i would rather say the advancement of civilization is the result of people who took risks .
when I say taking risks it would mean not only doing things or acts personaly which could be dangerous , example going to the deep seas in search of new lands but that would also mean going against established ideas , which were wrong .

Had Galileo and the earlier astronomers not challenged the idea of earth being flat we would never have known the facts .
For going against the established beleifs , Galileo and others had to face anger and punishments .

Had it not been the efforts of Clombus we would have never seen America .
He failed more than one time , was even improsined for failing to prove his theory , but in the end we owe him a lot .

How is techonolgy advancing at such a great pace , we talk of Nano technology today .
It is because there are scientist who always challenge the established frontiers .
This requires taking lot of risks .
Failure would mean wasting resources that are so costly .
And also involve persona stigma , but than they dare it and succeed .

The stories of scientist such as Thomas Alva Edision , Voltaaire are known to all .
they were the people who tried out new things , even at the cost of people doubting them .

Wright brothers tried something new and brought a huge change in the world of transport , Stevenson thought on a small issue and invented the steam engine .
so the degree of risk might vary , but risks do result in some positive results .

One thing I will like to add , the risks should not be blind , they should be calculated to some extent .
this is applicable mostly for the purpose of trying out new business .
Infact all the people I have mentioned above had done some or the other study to be sure that they were not doing something that was completely not required .

Bill gates the richest man today , ventured into an unkown area and we see the result today .
but it is not always that successful people have tried new things and they have succeeded .
Many example are there which tell that if you leave something which is your `` core compitency '' you may fail .

So the idea of `` core competency '' is very relevent .
So try new things but keep in mind your core competency also .
I always believe that one of the biggest trait for a successful person would definetly be his ability to try out new things rather than persisting doing things he knew best .
So i would definetly agree with given the statement .

Lets take an example to better illustrate the stand on the topic , Thomas Edison was the one who invented the bulb .
He would never have invented the bulb if he did not take the risk and try some thing different .
what could the effect of this be ?
we would have still be sitting with candles in between us for lighting .
So it was this ability of his to try new theores and thoughts made him successful .

Secondly i would like to take the example of the father of my nation Mahatma Ghandhi who was greatly successful because of his new ways to fight the british rule .
He came up with what they call now the ghandian principles of non - violent way of fighting aginest the British rule .
His new and risky ways helped to win the independence to our country , much againest the more established ways of using violence for freedom fighting .
Ghandhi for one an established lawer in south africa when he started his new non violent ways of protesting againest the harsh authorities .

Fur better understanding take for instance a student who is good at his achademics but not very good in his communication skills , if he wants to get placed in a good company after his study it would be really hard for him to be successful .
So here although the person is good at his achademicshe needs to concentrate on his communication skills in order to be successful .

This stament greatly works in the case of computer programmers , computer programmers are always confronted with the task of finding newer ways to program in order to increase the efficiency and throughput of the target systems , and so the most successful men for instance microsoft have always been ones those who did things differently .

So to sum it up , though it is important to do well what you know , you always need to have the desire to try out new thigs and the pluck to take risks to come out on top and be successful .
This has always been the case with most of the successful men in history .
While it is important specialize in one area , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific are particularly before decing the area of expertise .
It is because it is rarely the case that an event can be explained by focusing only on one area of academics .
Furthermore , it is critical to have well-rounded appreciation for any number of subjects in order to determine the area to specialization .

The world is full of examples where a broad knowledge of academic subjects is criticall in understanding the present situations .
Understanding the war in Iraq , for example , will require one to have an in-depth knowledge of politics , economics , business , religion , social and ethnic issues , and naitonal security or defense .
One cannot explain the situations without at least having some understanding of all surrounding issues .
( For example , can we leave out discussions on oil and focus only on pursuing democracy ? )
Although focusing on one particular issue is important , it can be achieved only after one has become aware of the fact that many of the events and issues are closely intertwined with one another .

The purpose of the general or required courses that the universities offer to the first-year students is to provide them with opportunities to broaden their ideas and interests .
These courses allow students to experiment , by allowing them to take courses in the areas that they might not have otherwise considered taking .
Being exposed to a number of subjects forces one to `` connect the dots '' and to analyze .
For example , in one course on religions of African diaspora , I learned that understanding of religions , politics , and social factors were necessary to appreciate those religions .
Had my focus been only on one issue , I certainly would not have had as much fascination with the significance of certain items or rituals than I did .

Therefore , I believe that while it is important to specialize in one specific subject , it should be done only when one has obtained braod knoweldge of many academi subjects .
Hence , it can be argued that having broader knowledge is better than specializing in one area .
I do not agree to the point of view that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

First and foremost I believe that when you travelling in a group with a tour guide you have to make a lot of compromises and are restricted to the sites that are covered by the tour guide .
These sites that are covered by the tour guide may not necessarily be the sites that I may be interested in .
Also you may not be able to spend enough time at a certain site if you desired to do so .

Secondly the loss of privacy and freedom when you are travelling in a group would kill the enjoyment of the trip .
When I travel for pleasure the last thing I want to do is to stick to a schedule set out by the travel group or the tour guide .
when you are travelling independently you can set your own agenda and can be completely flexible about it without affecting anybody else .

Thirdly in this day and age of internet , I do not feel the need to rely on a tour guide for information about any place .
I can get all the information about a place that I intend to travel to , on the internet and can then make a decision on what places interest me the most and than plan out my trip accordingly .

Lastly there is a general perception that group travel works out cheaper financially than if you travelled independently .
I do not agree with this idea .
With the availability of several internet based travel agents its almost always possible to get great travel deals on travel , hotels etc any time of the year to almost any place in the world .

For the above reasons I firmly believe that travelling in a group with a tour guide is not the best way to travel to any destination .
In my oppinion , it is better to specialize in one specific subject rather than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Personally , I like to know all about a specific subject because in most of the cases it is the only way to understand the real truth .
This real truth would not be achieved if one do not get to the core of the subject in hand .

Futhermore , I think that not only specialization is desirable and necesary for science to advance but also broad knowledge is the reason why during several centuries there has been so few cientific discoveries .
An example could be that as scientists specialized in certain areas and subjects , they started to make astonishing discoveries that revolutionized humankind .

Also , because I am an economist , I feel urged to know everything about a certain subject in order to be able to find the correct solution for the problem I am working on .
For example , I would not be able to explain the reason for the high inflation rates that occured during the last decade in Argentina unless I get deep knowledge about the causes of inflation .
In that example it is clear that a broad knowledge about Argentina , or even argentinean economy , would not be enough .

On the other hand , it should be said that certain disciplines such as philosophy need people who have broad knowledge about many subjects in order to be able to move forward and have a profund impact in society .
\ In summary , I think that specialization is the key to knowledge for most sciences beacuse it allows the scientist to gain a good insight about all it matters about his area of study .
In my opinion , I do not believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
First of all , younger people have to work hard to get to the stage , so they can have the experience of an older man or older woman .
Second , as a young person , you are restricted to do many things an adult can do , and finally , as an older man/woman life is open to you , you are free to do what you want .

First of all , Teenagers have to work their way up to be successful in their lives , this mean carrying many responsibilities .
I will use myself for an example ; I am 16 and a half and im a senior at Woburn High School , recentley i have been hit with many responsibilites such as college .
I applied to 6 colleges , and have worked many days completing the applications .
I could have decided to not do all this work , but i want to advance .
When i grow old i want the chance to have a good future and enjoy it .
Young people do not enjoy life more than older people do .

Second , as a young person , you are restricted to do many things an adult can do .
For example , buying a car .
As a minor , a person under 18 cannot purchase an automotive vehicle without parental consent .
I am a big fan of cars , however , I ca n't purchase one until i turn 18 .
Older people do not have to deal with this .
Older people can go and buy whatever they want , whenever they want , but that cant be neccessarily a good thing .

Finally , as a man or a woman get old , they find out that life is open to them .
They have finished paying the morgage for their house , and they have a good amount of money in their bank .
What is there for them to do ?
They can do anything .
They could go to Florida and live the rest of their lives on a beach , or they can even stay at their house , and relax for the rest of their lives .
Younger people cannot do that .

In conclusion , Younger people dont always have it harder than older people .
Older people already went through the stage of their life where they worked hard to reach their goal .
For younger people that stage has just opened up .
This is a problem , which can not be answered just with `` yes '' or `` no '' or in a few words .
There surely are examples for both : young people who help their communities and who do not .

Young people who do not give enough time to helping their communities may not be integrated strong enough in this community .
Maybe their parents have little time due to their jobs or because they do not want to spend much time with their kids .
So the kids only do the things they want , meet friends , have fun , but do not think about responsibility .
Often kids whose parents do not spend enough time for them feel more responsible for their friends than for their parents and the community they come from .
A big problem that can occur related to this are gangs .
The kids believe that solely their friends are important and they do n't have any responsibility against other parts of the society .
But this way they build up a new community and spend much time to helping this community .

But other kids are more integrated in the community of the adults .
They do much for their village or region .
For example they are in a sports club or train in the firefighter 's youth-section .

I think the major problem is the behaviour of the adults , especially the parents , and how the kids are treated in their community .
If young people know that the adults need them and the adults show that they are proud of what the kids do for the community , the young people will spend more time to helping their community .
But if the adults do not spend enough time with the kids and maybe their community too , the kids will act the same way .
I neither agree nor disagree with the following statement .
I strongly feel that successful people are what they are because they have adventured on taking new paths , dared to build on new ideas , but the hidden truth on careful analysis reveals , even though those ideas were risks for others , the winners have always believed their thoughts and progressed with them because they only knew how to do them well .

So I believe successful people are an amalgam of these two different paths to be successful which are illustrated by the statement .

For an example , imagine the situation of two of India 's biggest Industries - The Tatas , and The ambanis - the founders of whcih have risen from depths of poverty to dizzying heights of fame and popularity .

Both of them are an inspiration for new India , because , They visualized their dreams even without a single penny with them , and chose to take risks , even with small amounts rather than saving them up invested them into their ideas and gave a structure to them , because they believed in their ability and also because they were crystal clear as to what they would acheive , and they knew how to do it well .

I believe both these paths are interlinked and are necessities for anybody to succeed , since reasoning implies that only when you are confident in what you want to acheive and how you want to acheive , can you dare to take risks .

Venturing into new avenues without having a knowledge of `` how 's and why 's '' of them only leads you to failure .
Similarly confining yourself to your comfort zone , and in only doing things you are comfortable with , you are distancing yourself from other probabilities thus restricting your success to a certain degree To quote an example actors are never considered acting legends unless they have explored and donned various roles and showed their mettle in them .
If an actor is extremely popular in comic genre , but is afraid to take new challenges , he will never be regarded a success , but taking a risk to don new roles stems from his confidence and as the old saying goes - an inconfident man is never deemed a success .

To sum up , I believe to be successful , anybody needs to have the right blend of risk taking ability and also the capability to do things as well as he can , otherwise the barometer of success would never reach it 's peak .
I completely agree with this statement .
There is no point in knowing facts without capturing the essence of the ideas .
This applies to all fields of study .
As a civil engineering student in Mexico City I had to learn many formulas and techniques to solve many problems .
We would concentrate mainly on structural design , having to learn to apply these methods by heart .
There was not much sence in learning the formula because in the real world we are able to open a book .
The real important part came when we had to understand the effects and the causes that interact with the structure at study .
A good engineer is the one that really understands the structural behavior of what he is building .

The same applies to a history student .
There is no point in knowing all the exact dates of historical events if there is no understandig of the essence of the study .
What good would it do if the student does not have a feel on how a culture lived , what they ate or what they thought which lead to the historical event .
The dates will stay in almanacs forever but the real learning comes from understandig the ideas and the concepts .

Schools today tend to lean towards a more understanding way of teaching .
They focus mainly on atracting the student 's attention by taking them on field trips or by having more interactive materials to teach with .
Computers and the internet help to visualize and understand concepts that would have been difficult to explain without them .
There are also easier ways to obtain factual information now than before .
This makes it almost useless for a student to learn the facts .
They have to focus on understanding the ideas and be able to apply their knowledge in real life .
The only way to do so is by having the right education .
I sincerly can ' t say if I totally agree or disagree with this statement and I ' ll try to explain why .

Ideas and concepts are the base for a theory or a sociological movement , but if you don ' t remember facts , date and names to expose in a discussion , how can you explain or make other people ' s ideas changing ?

In this statement there ' s the same topic of difference between theory and experience .
I am an Engeneer , so I studied a lot of theory and was very important for me to understand concepts before learning facts .
But as I saw in my life everything must pass thru practice to really understand the value and the importance of lots of theories studied in the past .
Just think about Newton ' s discovery of gravity .

If I should explain people how do work all the forces interested in that phenomenon it would take much more time than making an experiment of an object ( maybe an apple ! )
falling down to the ground .
Surely now that I ' ve practiced the theory I can better understand all the concepts behind the main idea .

This scientific method I think it can be applied to every field of culture and maybe to lifestyles .

I can bring another simple example of what I mean about the difficult to agree or disagree with that statement and the differences between learning facts and understanding concepts .

In history there was a lot of important facts and if we don ' t try to study and understand the psychology behind some characters of an event , we can ' t surely have an our own opinion about it : so we see that are important the ideas .
But if we don ' t care about the timeline in which the facts happened we risk to lose the most important informations of `` when '' , `` where '' they happened !
Just think about the Wars .
Are important thearies , ideals , and strategies as well as the dates in which the wars started and ended .
I agree with the statement .
For a students , it seems more important to me to understand ideas and concepts seems than to learn facts .
Nevertheless , I do not underestimate the value of the latter , although overall I think understanding ideas and concepts is for two reasons a more appropriate way to response to life 's challenges than studying mere figures .

First , we are facing an increasingly complex world today , and understanding concepts might prove to be better help in reacting to this complexity .
Information and technologies are changing rapidly , as our knowledge about the world advances .
Knowledge is very flexible nowadays .
For example , facts about medical problems or genetic diseases can change within months .
The same applies to the growth of new achievements in healing patients who suffer from , to give another example , cancer .
This implies , that the ability to understand ideas and concepts gains more importance today than in the past , since it does not `` expire '' , as facts and figures , which we once learned , do .

But not only the factor of expiration of some facts makes them less useful for students to tackle problems with .
It is also important to provide students with tools which can help them work in different situations .
Concepts and ideas might be applicable to more than one situation , and in this respect they are different from facts which apply to single situations and problems .
Understanding these ideas seems to be useful to learn how to solve problems in general .

On the other hand , learning facts and figures of course is important to have some basic knowledge about the world .
Comparing problems , that once arose , with current ones might help us understand the matter in a more comprehensive way than otherwise , and in some cases it might even help us to develop innovative solutions .

To conclude , it is both important for students to understand ideas and concepts and to to learn facts .
Nevertheless , I think that students should concentrate on understanding ideas and concepts , which are applicable in different times and situations , whereas facts and figures might expire and only apply to a certain context .
While it is always difficult to make such strong claims and there are for sure some exceptions , I overall agree with the statement .
We are living today in a much more individualistic society than twenty years ago .

I believe that the underlying reason is mainly economic .
Decades ago young students could aim for fairly reasonable job and access to decent housing without caring too much about their career .

The situation is very diferent today .
The list of requirements of accessing a good university , and ultimately a good job , is endless : languages , experiences abroad , extra-scholar activities related to your field , good grades to pass the increasingly selective filters , a renowed MBA , etc .
Competition is getting harder and students have little time left else than for carefully planning their curriculum and career in order to outperform their peers .

When I was a student , I for example added to my morning classes at the university extra daily classes in German and French , and used my summer breaks to travel abroad to hone my fluency in these and other languages .

I had obtained the degree of Camp Counselor and used it a couple of times in camps with less afluent children .
It was very rewarding from a personal perspective , but I decided to focus on my language skills .
Now with perspective , I wish I had helped more .

I know that the situation is changing now and presenting extracurricular social activites may represent valuable earning points in the selection process at some universities and even with some employers .
These experiences are a way of distinguishing the individual from the rest and stressing his or her personal value .

I believe that government should encourage social activites by proposing alternatives which let students help the community while reinforcing their curriculum .
As for example exchange programs where young people could help local communities abroad , honikng their language skills and at the same time fulfilling their wish to help out .
I know now that these possibility exists , but the role of institutions is to promote them .
Should I have know about them , I had not wasted the opportunity !
I would definetly disagree with the statement .
I would surely go for a specialize in specific subject because as the person who would be specialising in that subject , He would be probably gaining a lot of things present deeper inside that subject , which will surely fill his zeal for the subject .
A person should possess alot of interest for going in depth in subject knowledge .

When ever he goes deeper into a subject , first of all he will have a new experience , that is he will go into some other world , which he have n't even dreamt about it , that experience can only be felt and it is rather unexplainable , Even if he tries to explain about the experience that felt to the peoplearound him , they will never even try to understand him , which makes him quite unique from others .

Secondly , the confidence level which will be present inside him towards the subject will definetly increse to a level which can be just imaginable , So he will definetly gain a confidence due to which he can listen to any kind of doubts which arrises between other people around him and he can even make a try to clear those doubts , By which he can handle almost any different situation given to him in his life .

Specializing in a subject denotes to the professional carrier due to which the employment oppurtunities may be high , He may just use the subject which he got by specialising , utilize it for the growth of the mankind .
As the technology is being increased day by day , by utilising the latest technology a new form of properties can be found out in any science oriented subjects .
Even fame may also be added in the specialisation of the subject why because , by going deeper into the subject he will dicover the new things , that have n't been thought of , So fame will surely make him to work more on the subject ( interest wise and financial wise ) .

Finally , a proverb is there which says that `` Do n't sail in two boats '' , with this , i can say that when ever we specialize in a subject , it would definetly lead us to a prosperous carrier and total humanity will be surely gained by the knowledge which we acquired in a subject .
I agree with the statement .
The reasons are maybe not as straightforward as they seem and I would also argue that depending on the person , different reasons apply .
For the most part though I think that education on behalf of the parents but also the teachers needs to instill a sense of social responsibility in a child .
The need to help others that were not as fortunate or the community as a whole has to be developed .
Our education system has increasingly become a job training center where many of the aspects needed to be a leader in other settings than on the job have been neglected .

While I think there are differences between urban and suburban communities , you often get the sense that people are only focused on their little microcosm .
The family is much more detached from the community than it maybe was a couple of decades ago .
Children are unlikely to feel they need to help the community if their family is not an active and integrated part of one .

Young people tend to have a whole host of attractive alternatives to spend their time .
Whether that means sports , meeting up with friends or just spending time infront of the television .
Lastly , the financial situation of the family might also require the child to take on a job to chip in .
Helping out in the community generally is voluntary and hence , unpaid .

Bottomline I think it is too easy to just blame it on the young .
The environment also plays a large role in whether or not a young person will spend time helping in their community .
I could not say that every young person dedicate themselves to helping their communities , but I do think that a large number of them are doing a large amount of voluntary work to help make a better community .

I have witnessed many participations in social service by young people around me .
When I was in high school in Hong Kong , the city where I live , almost everybody at school joined at least one volutary activity , be it elderly home visit or fund-raising carnival .
Some put a lot of effort into organizing these voluntary work , while others supported by generous donation or active participations .
We all enjoyed being involved in these activities , knowing that we are contributing to our communities .

I have personally contributed and experienced community work , too .
As members of the Hong Kong Red Cross Youth Units , my team mates and I have initiated a few service projects which served the objectives of charity organizations .
We designed a 3-day programme , which included a fun day for elderly and children , to convey messages such as social harmony and cross-generation communication .
All of us have dedicated ourselves into the preparation and launching of the projects .
It was time-consuming but we all believed that it was worth making a more joyful community .

Helping the communities is not only demonstrated by actual participation in voluntary work .
I think that the young people who are really making contribution are those who manage their time well between voluntary work and academic study .
We should always look at things in the long term .
Instead of complaining that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , maybe we should appreciate how they are trying to get the most of their study and contribute to the society later on .
That means that they are not wasting the resources that the society is giving them in their education .
They also prove that the ` investment ' in their education will generate returns when contribute what they learn back to the society .
Are n't they helping their communities , too ?

Many young people are actually aware of their positions in their communities and are giving a lot of time to help .
We should appreciate what they have done and encourage those who are doing less to contribute more .
Ultimately they will be the ones who benefit from a better community they themselves live in .
I agree with the statement , `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
Firstly , facts change during time .
Secondly , application is important for everyone than memorizing things .
Lastly , understanding ideas can help people on different situations .

Firstly , facts change all the time .
For example , in the incient times , people thought that when the poplulation is higher , the food production will be higher ; and the growth of food is slower than the growth of population , that leads them to control birth .
However , they had not predicted the development of technology .
Consequently , facts are changing .
Therefore , we could not learn all of the facts .
The important thing is we should understand the ideas and the concepts , then we could apply in different matters .

Besides , as I mentioned , we should apply pur knowledge rather than memorize the facts .
For instance , we memorize the GDP of every countries , but we have no idea about the GDP ; what affect the GDP and what does it show us .
As a result , we cannot learn facts that we do n't understand and we can n't apply .
If we cannot understand the ideas of the facts , the facts would be useless .
Therfore , we have to be able to understand the ideas and concepts than learn the facts .

Finally , since we learn how to apply our knowledge from understaning ideas and concepts .
We can have abilities to solve problems because we have difficulties all the time .
For example , we can understand the concepts of developing films and printing pictures , so that we can adjust the colour , light , or the size we want .
By showing this example , it can help us to understand that it is important for us to understand and apply through different circumstances .

In conclusion , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because the changes of facts , application of knowledge and the advantages of understanding ideas .
When I talk to older people , for example to my grandparents , they give me the advise to always enjoy every hour of my life as this time will never be given back to me .
Also , they say that I should enjoy life while I 'm still young as I have more possibilities - maybe not financially , but regarding my health and the time I have .

I 'm still very young , at the beginning of my twenties to be exactly , and , yes , so far I really enjoyed life .
However , lacking the personal eperience of how life changes and how one actually enjoys life when being older , makes this question hard to answer .

To answer this question , I 'd like to look at the things which change when a person is older .
One of these things is responsibility .
As a child , I did n't have the feeling of being responsible for anything .
Without being worried about other persons ( as my parents were with me , for example ) , I could enjoy life more effortlessly .
Also , becoming older means to be faced with other problems .
As a child or teenager , I was not really worried about the question of how to earn my money , how to put food on the table , when to fill out my tax forms , or how to solve problems in my relationship .
However , as a teenager , I experienced an increased responsibility for my education .
I had to go to school every weekday , I had to finish my homework and hand in my assignments in time .
These tasks definately were n't very helpful in enjoying my life .

Due to the time older people have to spend on their job and getting other tasks done , they have less time to do things they actually enjoy - unless you enjoy your work more than anything else .
I know many people who enjoy the work they are doing but would rather do something else even more enjoyable , like studying a topic they are really interested in , go hiking , see some friends , or travel .
However , even though younger people have more time to do all these things - students , for example , have long summer breaks - most young people lack the money to afford all these things .
Also , due to laws and regulations , younger people may not be able to do certain things that older people can do .
Driving a car was something I would definately have enjoyed when I was six years old ( I still do now , though ) , however , I was not allowed to do it .
There are also things which are not appreciated by younger people as things that make live more enjoyable .
Visiting a classical concert or just watching a sunset might be such an example .
For many adults or older people , having an own family is the most important thing to have an enjoyable life .

Given the examples and explanations above , I generally agree with the statement , mainly because of the less responsibilities young people have , the less problems they are confronted with , and because of the time they have available .
looking at it in a philosophical way , one must not forget the other side to this discussion , which is that older people have the experience and matureness to appreciate certain things more which make their live enjoyable .
However , for me it definately seems that younger people have more fun , are more active and get to know more new people .
Also , there is still this curiosity about new and unexperienced things , which makes life very enjoyable .
However ,
The Best Way to Travel

There are many different opinions on the ways for traveling .
Some people like to travel by themselves or with their friends while others enjoy their time with a company like a tour guide .
Those people who believe that the best way to travel in a group with a tour guide feel more comfortable and learned for they can travel and learn a lot of new information at the same time .
However , I am one of those people who would rather travel alone or with my friends .
The reason for this is because I do n't feel very comfortable when there is a tour guide around .

Firstly , I really like to have my friends or relatives around me while traveling because that 's how I have fun .
Also , even when I do not know a lot about a place that I am planning to visit , I go online and get more information about that place .
I read and get directions to find my way out easily rather than being with a tour guide .
This is not necessarily because I do not like tour guides but it is just because I believe that I would have more fun while I spend time with people that I am very close .

Furthermore , I traveled many countries with and without tour guides .
Some of the places I went to are Germany , Russia , and Holland .
Even though I had difficulty while traveling around because of not knowing the language , I still enjoyed my time during the vacation .
On the other hand , when I was with a tour guide I felt like I was under a lot of pressure to listen to every detail that he provided .
For instance , when I went on a tour in a museum in Germany , I got very bored and tired because of the explicit and unessential amount of information provided by the tour guide .
My tour guide kept trowing dates about the important buildings and no one really paid attention because everyone expected to learn some interesting facts rather than simple dates on the tour .
I think I would have enjoyed my trip better if I was by myself .

Lastly , I like to have conversation with my friends while traveling .
But when there is a tour guide and a group of people around me , I can not get chance to chat with my friends because talking would be very disrespectful .
Therefore , with a tour guide I can not really enjoy my time even though it is ver nice to learn new information about the places that I visit .
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This is because although young people usually have a healthier state than old ones , this does n't mean that this is the only factor that controls a person 's enjoyment of life .
I believe that each of these two categories - young and old people - have their own way of enjoying life .
For instance , despite the fact that old people ca n't do some types of enjoyment that the youngsters can do - such as hanging out , and playing some types of sports - however , they also have a wide range of enjoyable activities that they can perform .

The types of activities that older people can do to enjoy life often depends on the age category they belong to .
For example people at the age of sixty or above often enjoy their life after retirement by buying themselves houses in quiet and calm areas , where they can enjoy the free time they have by relaxing .
They can also spend their time in gardening , playing with their grandchildren and taking care of them , or discussing any subjects in life .
They also have their type of sports that help them relax such as golf .

On the other hand , people at younger ages - from forty to sixty - often enjoy their life by making trips around the world to places they have n't visited when they were young .
This type of enjoyment , and other `` time consuming '' activities , are usually not available for young people because they often do n't have enough time to do it .
This is due to the reason that young people usually spend most of their time in their studies , doing homeworks , and writing papers .

I again emphasize the idea that each has his/her own types of enjoyment , and that he/she probably wo n't enjoy doing what other people in other age categories do .
Knowledge in any form is welcome be it in depth or breadth .
For the development of a society both types of people are required , those who have in-depth understanding of a particular subject and those who have a generic understanding of many subjects .
In my field of consulting it is important for me to have a broader understanding of businesses rather than focus on any one .
Therefore the pattern of knowledge would primarily depend on a person profession and futrure aspirations .
I support the statement that a broad knowledge of many academic subjects are required , but even specialists are necessary .

There is no-doubt that specialization in subjects leads to further development of technologies and theories which help the society at large .
For example the invention of various kinds of vaccines were done by eminent researchers and scientists .
However , research alone does n't guarantee the success of an invention , it was a collaborative effort of businessmen who funded this research and made sure common man has access to it .
So it is not only specialists but also generalists that we require , who have a bigger outlook and can co-relate things .

But again it is the job of a person that should decide the apttern of his knowlege .
For example if the aspiration of the individual is to become a professor or researcher , then surely an in-depth understanding of the subject is indespensable .
Which would require him to focus on a particular subject .
On the other hand , if the person is a journalist or a politician , a broader perspective of society is requred , to perform well in their jobs .

On conclusion , I would like to add that both forms of studies are important .
Generalists and specialists both are required for the development of the society .
Today , scientific technology is developing continuously .
The field of scince is helping our lives a lot in many ways .
One example is transportaion .
People should spend a lot more time to move from one place to another place when they did n't have transportation but it became possible as they have many different ways of transportation .
For example , subway , trains , airplane , bike , cars and so on .
They brought us a lot of advantages .
However , the transportations have also disadvantages .
In my opinion , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are toay because cars cause pollution and are dangerous .

First , cars bring pollution to us as producing a lot of exhaust gas .
To move cars , we have to use gasoline gas or LPG gas now .
However , those gases are extremly harmful to our societies .
They affect us to end up the various disease and increasing of carbon dioxide in the air .
As we breath , we are taking dirty particles from the air .
Also , increasing carbon dioxide is serious problem now in the world .
It could lead to bigger problem such as global warming which also cause many different events including melting ice mountains so that the level of the ocean is getting higer .
Using more cars mean that we are going to bring more environmental problems to the world .

Second , cars are dangerous as I said before .
There are so many accidents occuring everyday by cars .
We can reduce those accidents by practicing not to use cars .
Instead of using cars , we could use other transportation which cause less accidents .
Also , the issue of traffic jam affected by car accidents in the middle of the highway could be the problem .
As they solve the problem of accident , more people could have damage from it .
Cars could bring us dangerous accidents including death .

In conclusion , development of scientific technology would help to create better transportation than cars so that people could use it without causing pollution and accidents .
Therefore , in twenty years there wilil be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In my opinion succesfull people ca n't be mesured by the quantity of risks they take , because a man that does not take any risk and focuses on doing what he knows he does very well , can be as succesful as a man that focuses only in taking risks and trying to experiment with new thing everyday .
But using my personal knowledge I can say that each risk you take is an oportunity to win , while each risk you avoid is an oportunity that goes away from you hadns .
As an example I can say about a friend that owned a pizza store , he was always trying new ways of mixing ingredients to produce the best pizza his customers could have ever eaten .
Thanks to his perseverance , this friend invented the best pizza in my city , and after that , with the money he made with the pizza he invented , he tried to invent a snack everybody would buy , and now he is known as Luigi , the father of the Hawaian pizza and the French fries which has helped him to open his own pizza company .

Another good example is my father 's life .
He , as far as I know , was the owner of a great company that used to produce the most comfortable tennis shoes arond the world .
Untill the day he went bankrupt .
His company broke up because , one day my father had to take a very important desicion , unfortunately he chose the easy road and he did n't want to risk a lot .
The desicion he had to take was n't dificult at all , but because he was a person that hates getting out of the road he knows , and dislikes getting into unknown roads , he took the wrong desicion and it led him to the bankropt .
After that he has changed his behavior a lot .

So , as a conclusion I can say that taking risks is the best way to live this life .
The issue at hand is that the youngsters of the present age do n't devote enough time for helping their communities .
This issue is of significant importance because it questions our ability to carry forward our ancient traditions to the younger generations .
I personally agree with the above argument .
There are many reasons for which i agree to the statement .

First , the youngsters nowadays hardly get time to spend in helping their communities .
This is mainly because they are most of the time involved in academics or even over burdened by them .
They have hardly any time to help their communities , let alone relax .
They are overburdened with assignments and tests in their courses most of the time .
Being an undergraduate , i hardly find any time for other activities due to my busy academic schedule .

Secondly , the youngsters today are less inclined towards the propogation of their community culture .
This is mainly because of the various factors , the main reason being the lack of interest on part of the parents .
It is the parents ' duty to instill the feeling of belongingness towards their own community and culture .
This can be attributed to the fact that the parents are also occupied with their works and hardly find time to spend with their children .

The parents should also encourage children to participate in cultural events .
However , the parents rarely show interest in such issues .

Another reason for this could be that the interactions and regular meetings between communities have declined gradually .
This can be attributed to the increased amount of migration of people to distant urban places in search of greener pastures .
The long distance also provides hindrance to the regular meetings of the communities .
After my family migrated to the city , we could not find time to regularly meet our relatives since the city was far away from our village .

In conclusion , i feel that all the above factors have eventually led to the lack of time for the youngsters in helping their communities
Understanding ideas and concepts suggests understanding a way of thinking or understanding how ideas are connected and concepts can develop .

To me , that is more important than learning facts alone for the simple reason that you can apply a way of thinking to many different situations .
Learning facts only is limiting one 's knowledge to a specific area or subject and does not even imply that one understands how these facts are connected .

However , I still do believe that a balance between both is necessary and depending on what a student 's intended job is , one skill might become more important than the other .
Let 's consider a historian for example .
Can a historian specialized in Roman history and who does not know the facts of the rise and fall of the Roman Empire for example still be considered a historian ?
Probably not .
A historian might indeed need to know more facts than a marketing executive for instance but he or she will also probably be a much better historian if he or she also understands how all facts are connected .

On the other hand , I believe that it is more important for a marketing executive to better understand concepts and ideas than it is to know all facts about a given undustry or product .
First of all , a marketing executive does not need to be as specialized as a historian , indeed , he or she should be able to apply his or her skills to any industry .
Second , not knowing all facts about a specific field might actually foster creativity and new concept development by removing any `` limits '' of the mind .
Third , a marketing executive who understands concepts and ideas might be able to see better synergies between them and apply them in innovative ways .

However , as I stated above , I still maintain that some sort of a balance is needed to achieve excellency .
A marketing executive would be that much stronger if he or she could draw some patterns from past facts for instance or if he or she demonstrates a more precise knowledge of the product or service and its related competition scene that he or she is working on .
I disagree with the statement that travelling in a group led by a tour guide is better than travelling individually without any form of guidence .
My opinion is based on my past vacation experience and my personal preferences in regard to organize my vacation time .

Travelling in a group has the advantage that the traveller is instantly surrounded either by people he or she knows or by other travellers with the same time schedule and intentions .
This eliminates the pressure to meet people for the purpose of socializing during vacation .
Furthermore , hiring or electing a tour guide waives the responsibility to plan and organize time schedules , sleeping arrangements and sight seeing trips to a third person .
This reduces the stress and organizational effort prior to and during vacation .
On the other hand , it limits the individual possibilities to plan the vacation time according to my own and my fellow traveller 's preferences .

Group trips are rather advantageous for shorter trips .
Whereas over the period of several days , individual personalities tend to create minor or major conflicts within the group .
This is especially true for pretty heterogeneous groups , ranging in age , profession , personal background , etc .
Whereas the excitement at the beginning of trips causes most people to subordinate their own preferences to the group 's interest , this is likely to change over the course of a vacation .
Frustration , arguments , and annoyment are only some examples of negative personal conflicts that I saw occuring during group trips in the past .
And these can severely ruin the enjoyment of a vacation .

Based on my experience , tour guides have to the potential to limit the personal freedom to visit attractions that I wanted to see and group dynamics can have a negative impact on all members of the travel group .
Therefore , I prefer to travel individually .
The freedom to create a schedule according to my preferences and to choose who to interact and socialize with during my vacation offsets the extra organizational effort prior to the trip .
By travelling individually , the success and enjoyment of my vacation is in my own hands .
Although it would be a good thing for the environment if there were fewer cars in the future , I do not think this will happen .
Three arguments convince me that there will be even more cars in the near future .

In the first place , most of us rely on their car to easily go to every place whenever it may be desireable .
I am sure that no one will change this behaviour , unless he or she is forced to do so .
I do not think everyone will suddenly use the bus or the train , because most of us would feel as if their mobility or personal right to move were restricted .
Therefore , there will not be fewer cars within 20 years .

Additionally , the number of cars is a global affair .
I recently read an article about the emerging state in the far east , which mentioned the fact that people in countries like China are about to having gathered enough wealth to afford cars .
Imagine a billion persons from this region , who suddenly drive a car !
So , even if the developed countries would reduce their reliance on cars , the number of cars would actually increase .

Quite on the contrary , one might argue that global society will have no choice but to use fewer cars in the future because of a shortage of oil .
But I think that mankind will finally overcome this concern , at least when it is forced to do so , by using alternative energy .
These technologies are already available today , but are not being used extensively for several reasons .
Eventually , when cheap oil is now longer available , car producers will switch , because of the peoples ' reliance mentioned earlier .
Consequently , the number of cars will not drop significantly .

In conclusion , I predict that the number of cars will rise instead of decline .
I would feel a lot better with that , if people would take more care of their environment and use green cars today , even if they are a bit more expensive .
most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are i agree with the above statement .
today the best way to sell a product is through advertisement .
so you have to show the product in a much better manner even though the product is not good .
i will explain the reasons in the following paragraphs .

first , for example advertising for a washing powder or liquid .
In the media whether its T.V or radio they advertise by showing that by using little amout of powder of liquid you can wash many clothes and make them shine a new .
but in real you need more powder to wash the clothes to get rid of dirt and the about the shine , they do n't shine as they show on T.V. its only the means to attract people by exaggregating the product .

second , lets take tele shopping as example in this they advertise products and explains its uses and they also show how it works , and show the results , now lets take exercise machine , they say by working on this machine you can build good muscles by showing the person in the T.V. but in real you cannot make good muscles as they show on T.V. because they use only well trained and well build muscle man to advertise .
sometimes it is difficult for us to perform some exercises because we need some trainer to help use do some excercises when you are doing for the first time .

lets talk about the drugs they show on T.V .
They advertise the drug by telling about the uses and advantages but they do not tell about the disadvantages of the drug and the sideeffects of the drug , who should take the drug all this information is not advertised on the media .
because you are creating a negative impression on the drug .

In conclusion i like to say that watch the advertisements do some research on the products and then plan to buy the products .
in this way you do n't waste time and money behind the products that never give you the results .
so think while you act .
Teen age is the important part of one 's life .
When asked who will enjoy life more between youth and older people , I will incline to youth because of their energy , enthusiasm , tenderness , dareness and zeal to learn new and pleasant ones .

Teen age from14 years to 28 years is completely filled with energy and dare blood .
In that age they have oppurtunity to mould character .
Even they can do anything like naughty things in classes to enjoying parties with friends .
They will dare to do anything whatever they want because of their physical strength .

Another thing is in teen age they fill with enthusiasm .
They want to learn new things and they will success too if they have interest .
For this reason they want to know and learn new things they enjoy alot .

Also youth spend most of their time with friends rather than with family members .
With friends they always think of entertainment than studies .
That makes youth to enjoy life than older people .

In classes too , they will enjoy life by joking or immitating lecturers or making sarcastic statements on fellow students .
They will have strong desire and capability to do those things .
Due to the coordination between friends they use to dowhatever they want which we will not see in case of older people .

Students can not only enjoy life like this they even enjoy in academics prospects too .
For instance take a student who got good credits in a class .
That gives him alot of enjoyment and happiness .
The hardwork he has done for getting that good grade may be immense .
So finally if he gets fruitful result of what he had done to achieve that thing his enjoymrnt will be at its peak .

Older people can also enjoy life but due to family problems , health problems and lack of strenght they cannot enjot life as much as a teen would enjoy .
At last by the above examples and points I personally think youth especially between age 14-28 years can enjoy alot than a older person .
In the recent years , I 've travelled a lot around the world and learned about many different nations .
I 've travelled mainly to the United States , Europe and around the continent where I live , South America .
Many times you get lost or bored beacuase you are in a new place and with people you dont even know .
So , I agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

Tour guides are generally very experienced people and often know a lot about the place you are visiting .
They know very well , and have studied the different places you are visiting , and also , they will answer any question you would like to know .
For example , I went once to a guided tour with some university friends to Sao Paulo , Brazil .
This experience was amazing because in only six days I could learn a lot and maybe more of the history of the city than some native brazilian citizens .

Many people think travelling with a tour guide is too expensive , but the experience is worth of it .
If you travel with a large group of people , you can divide the cost of the tour guide and you 'll definetely enjoy your trip .
Also , when you travel with a large group of friends , you will have remarkable and unforgettable experiences of it .

Finally , I agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because tour guides are very experienced people , you also enjoy the trip a lot with the group of people you are travellng with , and this way of travelling is not so expensive .
I 've done this a lot of times and it has worked out .
What you can learn from a tour guide and the moments with your friends are memorable .
Advertisements are designed to sell a product , and to that end they can go the extra mile that might just push a customer to buy it ...
this can sometimes mean that an advertising company will resort to sensationalist announcements that could fall into the category of miraculous in regards to what the product can do for the consumer , and sometimes it merely results in an extensive and colorful use of human languages .

In the case of those advertisers that would aim for exagerating the effects their product will have on their consumers , a great deal of colorful metaphors and even lies might used .
A diamond ring could miraculously make the consumer look younger and more successful than they really are while in reality it all depends on the consumer 's ability to `` dress for the occasion '' .
A dietary product might reduce your waistline to that of the skeletal model you see in a magazine or that of an actress in a movie , when in reality you would probably have to have a balanced diet and - more often than not - an exercise regimen .

Where using languages colorfully is concerned , we can often observe skilled writers with an ample vocabulary available to them as a mental arsenal developing pieces of literary art that charm the consumer .
This is by far the preferred method as its intention is not to propagandize or sensationalize ( as would be the case of the first case ) , but to use language in a lyrically enticing form that catches the roll of a tongue or that particular inflection that might season a simple phrase to the point of perfection in the ear of the beholder .

In the end both cases do in fact make a product usually seem much better than it is .
In rare cases will a product satisfy the consumer as much as a well written piece of literature covering the product .
It 's my belief that the aim should always be for the product to be exceeded by its actual value or effectiveness ...
however , it should never be at the expense of the veritable truths of the product .

After all , creating fiction regarding a product could lead the consumers to driving a lawsuit against the company responsible for its development as well as the advertisers ...
We live now in a world where the public demands quality ...
even though it seeks fantasies .
I cannot agree with this statement for the following reasons .

First , the needs for community action should be assessed taking into account the evolution of society in general .
For instance , a few decades ago , providing ressources to older people was a major part of community action .
Nowadays , older people have less need for this kind of material support ( development of pension plans in the ` 50s and 60 ' ) .
They tend to be more independent then in the past .
Older people are more in need of social contacts and activities .
I believe young people do their best to respond to these needs .

Second , the concept of community investment has changed .
In the past , community action was viewed as some kind of obligation .
People were helping the community only , or mainly , because of the moral pressure to do so .
Nowadays , of course the moral aspect of community action still exist , but it is not the main motive for people to get involved into such action .
Community investment has developped as an activity of its own , more like a social activity or a hobby .
A good example of the way young people approach community action nowadays would be the projects developped on the campus of the university of Louvain , where I studied : student would group themselves around a particular community action and live together in a flat .
The help provided by these organizations typically include help to people with disabilities , Amnesty International support , providing free basic legal advices etc .
Students involved in these projects basically spend most of the academic year to make sure the projects is efficient and achieves its goals .
But they never see it as some burden .

As a conclusionm I would say that young people do spend a great part of their time in helpimg their communities , but that the need for help and the concept of help has changed .
In the following I shall give my opinion about the question of whether it is better to have a rather broad but not so deep knowledge of several academic subjects or whether it is better to be an expert in one specific subject .

Honestly speaking , I do not think there can be a general question to this answer .
I believe it depends on the aims and professional goals a person has in life .
For some people it might be better to focus on one thing and become really good at it and for others it might actually be smarter to become familiar with a variety of different subjects .

Speaking for myself , I think dealing with a broad range of academic topics is the better choice .
This is due to the fact that I still do not know what job I will work in later .
I do not feel ready to already specialize in one specific subject .
What if I am making the wrong choice ?

Another reason for me to prefer a broad knowledge of academic subjects is that people who know about a variety of things appear more educated to me .
Whatever question one might have , they always feel ready to answer -- at least most of the times .
Now imagine you are spending time with a person that is specialized in one specific field but does not know anything else .
If you do not happen to be specialized in the same area as he or she is , what are you going to talk about ?
It could become quite a boring as well as frustrating experience .

Furthermore , I am of the opinion that people who have broad knowledge in a variety of subjects are more likely to have a very successful career .
We just have to look at high executives in the business world .
Many of them did not specialize in business in university but they studied a variety of topics including `` art history '' or other subjects which do not necessarily have to do with the job they are doing now .
What companies want today is people who know about many different things .

As I said in the beginning this might not be the correct way for everybody , but with my personal goals it certainly is for me .
Most advertisements really do show the products much better than they are .
They can do it in different ways ; showing a product colorful , shiny , bigger can be ways .
They can show statistical graphics in a way that lead to misinterpretation of that information .
In addition , they can put familiar face , a trustable person into the scene and want people to believe in them .

A product size may not be the size you see on television .
It may have the extremely different than you imagine .
For this , they use special camnera techniques and perspectives to show it different .
It is not only applicable to those commercials on television but also many places .
Look at the menu of a restaurant for example ; order any of foods .
You will most probably find the same trick on your table .

Seconly , leading a misinterpretation of an information also frequently used .
For instance , a shampoo advertisement showed a statistics about the time required for hair become shiny .
It showed a time versus `` shine percentage '' graph which has a overestimated range of shiny part .
It was showing a dramatic change in a few wash .
However , real percentages were only changing 1 % !
when an individual see that graph he will probably be impressed by this `` dramatic '' change in hair and he will buy it .

Famous people are effective on people 's opinions .
A showman , who is loved by most teenagers also have mature behavours that attract adults .
He can talk to a wide range of society .
He can be in a detergent advertisement and can convince people in decision making moment .
When one comes back to his \ her house , he \ she can be dissappointed about the `` actual '' cleaning power of the detergent that he believed in very much .

In conclusion , not all advertisements are ` bad ' .
However , we have to know that they are not mirrors that show the truth exactly and naked .
They have fine strategies to cover up ugly parts of a product and present us as perfect items to be bought .
One thing that we can do about is to raise our knowledge about that product and use it as a resistance against an advertisement 's charming and distracting power .
Professional or general ?

In our current society of learning and studying there are a lot of theories how to achieve the best result , how to get the best marks and how to get a well paid job .

On the one hand some people think that specialising on a certain topic or subject and having an entire knowledge of it will be the solution to achieve the most .
On the other hand there are people who think , that it is necessary to have a certain knowledge in many different subjects .
Both of these ways to prepare for life have their advantages and disadvantages .

If you are specialised on one subject and you really know much , nearly everything , about it it is going to be easy for you to get a job in this area , because you are very well qualified .
But therefore it is important that there are enough jobs to be offered in your area you are specialised on , because it is not appealing being a professional in your subject without having a chance for a job .

But when you know much about many different subjects , but not as much as you would if you were specialised on each , it is also not easy for you to find a job , because maybe you are not qualified enough in the area that is required from the company .
So you are not specified sufficiantly , albeit you know very much .
In contrast there are also many companies that ask for such a general knowledge in many areas , so your chance for getting a job also depends on the kind of jobs which are offered .

So there is the contrast between superficial knowledge in many subjects or entire knowledge of one specific subject .
I am the opinion of that both things do not benefit getting a job .
I think it is necessary to have broad knowledge in maybe two or three subjects which match together very well ( e.g. mathematics , physics and biology ) .
But furthermore it is also important to have a certain based knowledge in some more subjects , but not as specialised as in the others .
As result you will end up with different levels of knowledge in nearly every subject .
With such a qualification I think it is going to be easier to emphasize your general knowledge and to get a job .
I disagree with this statement , although I was thinking the same way when I was a teenager .
When I was about sixteen , I regarded my grandmother sitting in her little kitchen and thought that she was not admireable because of her old age and health problems .
In my opinion in these times , only young people were able to have fun , because they got the body fitness which allowed them to swim in lakes , ride a bike and dance during the whole night at a party .

But today , I oppose this opinion very harshly .
Now I know , that every step in the human life has its advantages .
When you are young , without doubt the ability in enjoying life is based on sports and fun , as I just mentioned .
You do not care about any sorrows or any severe plans for future .
So this seems to be the only time in life , where you are able to live without fear .

But when you grow older , you are able to regard problems in life from a more abstract or distinct point of view , you are wiser and able to differ between severe and unimportant problems .
When I talk to my grandmother today , I learn that the joy in her life is linked to the joy of her famliy , especially with her children she raised .
Instead of taking care of her children , she now is able to see her efforts and has more time for herself .
Now she travelles to her sister several times a year , which she could not afford in times when she was raising her children .

It is true that the responsibility for ones actions grows parallel to the growing of the age , but also the joy in taking this responsibility grows .
As an adult one is able to deal with responsibility , which offers lots of new challenges .
These challenges not only are important milestones in development , but they can also be a huge joy .
For example , to found a family , marry a wife and raising children with her , without doubt is a huge responsibility , but it can also be the greatest fun in ones life .

To draw a conclusion , young people do not enjoy life more than older people do , the only enjoy life in a different way .
I completely agree with the statement that at present young people do not spend time to help the community they live in .

One reason for this is the change in individuals attitude towards community problems .
Nowadays , people are too much selfish and focused on their own individual needs to be able to realize that there is the opportunity and sometimes the real need that their efforts and time are also employed in something which helps the community growing and living .
This problem affects also young people .
Forn instance they spend more time in playing videogames and watching television , thinking about their own satisfaction , and they do not go outside the walls of their houses to understand the problems of the world surrounding them .

In addition , there is a problem connected with the lack of common values .
Due to the fact that at present most of the time the communities the young people live in are multicultural and it is likely that within the same community members do not share the same values ( such as religious , ethical , political values ) , it is often difficult for young people to find out which are the needs of the community .

Further , I think another problem is in the lack of curiosity .
Young people at present are less curious then in the past .
This is due to the fact that it easier for them to access information , get answers and satisfy their needs : they do not make many efforts to solve problems and find answers to the question the surrounding world poses .
This affects their ability to understand the problems of the communities they live in and find a solution for them .
In other words , they do not help their communities because thay are not able to help them .

In conclusion , it would be opportune that , starting from the primary schools , teachers and parents teach young people how to understand reality and
`` Knowledge is power '' , we would definitely agree that the more knowledge people have , the greater achievements they will accomplish .
However , as one 's life time is limited , he/she is always faced with the choice of studing broad knowledge of many academic subjedts and specializing in one specific subject .
As a graduate student , having a broad knowledge of various subjects is a wise choice for me .

First of all , the world is ever changing and as an undergraduate student , I cannot definitely decide what occupation I will take after my graduation .
I can not specialize in on specific subject too early because doing so will certainly constrain my career development .
Suppose I have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , I would definitely have a greater chance to choose my potential occupation ; on the contrast , if my knowledge is too specialized , my choice will be limited .

Secondly , the society calls for person with comprehensive knowledge .
For example , a business firm come to my school recruiting employees .
The students the favor is those business school students with engineering backgrounds .
They think those people can have a more prosperous career future .
This is not a rare case , for the compitition in society is getting more and more fierce , so a person with comprehensive knowledge has more chance to succeed .
And having broad knowledge of many academic subjects surly does good to this .

Besices , studing broad knowledge of various subjectsj helps to foster one 's interest .
By reading books of different fields , you can experience different ways of thinking and find your interest ; while concentrate on one specific subject provides you with less chances to experience different topics .

Though a person should be specialized in one specific subject for survival because only having broad knowledge does not help you stand out among others , studying broad knowledge of various academic subjects is a wise choice for an undergraduate student .
I do not agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I want to explain my point of view with the following reasons .

First of all , understanding is the key requirement to learn successfully , even facts .
How does someone want to learn facts without understanding them ?
Even facts require a proper understanding of them because facts are not only facts but also related other areas of knowledge .

Furthermore , facts are not combined with learning strategies , wheras the understanding and comprehension of information are always linked to the `` how '' , the way and the means how to understand ideas and concepts properly .

This brings us to the relevance of learning methods .
In order to comprehend ideas , facts , theories represented in texts or in presentations , it is important to be aware of different learning strategies .
Students confronted with ideas and concepts at school or university have to develop strategies which enable them to steer their concentration in order to learn the most important components of an idea .

Moreover , another decisive point about understanding ideas and concepts connected with the idea of learning strategies development , is that compared to facts they can help more in real life .
Facts are also important , of course , but in life , which does not consist of loose facts but of social interaction and things always related to each other , it is more helpful to combine exterior and new information with old ones .
In addition , there are a lot of concepts and theories about to know how to combine old with new knowledge .
Statistics can depict with the help of facts how things appeare in numbers , but onlz helpful strategies about how to comprehend idears prpoerlz van
Well , as may things , it depends from which angle you are looking at .

Most people have an image in mind that is described by the following features : a video game playing young society that spends most of its freetime in front of a TV or a computer .
It is not just the media but frequently members of the parental generations who consider their offspring `` asocial '' , `` apolitical '' and `` unaware '' of the things going on in the world .

Telling from my personal experiences , I really have to be at issue with stating that young people of my and the following generations do not dedicate enough of their time in helping their communities or showing any other sign of social interest and awareness .

Since 2001 , I am a member of the human rights organization amnesty international and in the course fo my work there , organizations such as amnesty for instance nowadays observe an increase in young people willing to spend their time writing letters , participating in urgent actions to help freeing political prisoners around the world ( or at least bettering their living conditions ) and taking action for those who suffer and are excluded from any satisfying of their basic needs .
I came to learn a lot of students and teenagers of my generation who joined regional groups because of being highly aware of the unjust things going on in the world and who want to change a little something to the better .

Through friends , I also experienced a large interest in social professions among young people , showing that they are absolutely not unaware of the problems in society and that they are doing their best to bring about some change .
One prominent example may be the civil service in Germany , which means that young men can choose between serving in the army or doing social work .
Most of my male friends decided for the latter .
Ok , you may say , they made the decision under pressure taking the more comfortable solution .
Plus , in our society social tasks are mostly assigned to women , wheras men litterally have to be forced to deal with tasks where `` soft skills '' are needed .
This is a very shortsighted concept of our reality if you consider the growing number of young people of both sexes ( ! )
who are a member of their local student club defining principles of the university policy or who are engaged in their community by contributing their ideas to local parliaments .
Another striking example is volunteering in organizations in your own country or abroad where young people help to develop a better infrastructure in third world countries for example , by buliding schools , teaching classes , working in hospitals and so on ...

Therefore , to conclude , I do not agree with the image of young people being lazy , unaware of problems going on around them and / or being too reluctant of taking action in local or regional parliaments or lobbies .
I agree with the statment , advertisments make the products seem way much better thay they really are , acctually many times one feals cheated , as you realice the real characteristics of a product you just bought .

I think there are three main kinds of false statements that are usssualy done about products .

They make you think you need them , as far as i know we do n't acctually need all the things thay they promote , this is easy to observe on tv comercials , ussually it tourns out than they have just invented something that makes a work that you never do , realy easy to do , well great but I never do that any way .

The second common statment is , that their porduct is able to do some incredible things , needless to say that most of the times they do n't do anything outstandinglly differnt from what their lest expensive subtitutes do , I have a perffect exaple for this one , ther was a tv sales show , like ten years ago , that claim they have developed glasses that can help you see as an eagle , I mean it is good enough to be able to see as a normal human , and by the way that is a stament that we will never be able to prove ether right or wrong , therefore many people found themselves disapointed by their new sunglasses , because at least they did n't do what they expected , i am not saying that anyone liked them anyway .

An other typical disguise is to make you belive that you might acctually become a better person , in many sences , by consuming their product .
lets say they are tring to sell you a car , they display a picture of a young , athletic , good looking guy , sorrounded by a group of beautifull women , i can assure you that buying the car will not make you look like him or make you sudently irresitable for women .
Or how about the mp3 players advertisments > they make young guys think thay they will fit better on their social group if they own one .

Finally I have to recognize anyway that there are some exeptions , but not many .
In today 's world the younger generation is seen as careless and and lazy .
Often we hear parents talking about how they do n't understand the life their children live and how they do not have any ideology they strongly believe in , like the one they had in the sixties wich were all about respect and help .

As a young person I believe that I have some prospective on the situation nowadays .
It is true that in the past years young people were more interested in music and their friends , especially in the ninetees where music became more angry with groups like nirvana and metallica that had very negative images to show their audiences .
This violent reaction was in part due to the fact that the image they had of past generations was not great .
For example the hippie period in wich most of their parents lived in was long gone and all their ideals had been abandonned , therefore `` peace and love '' was n't a reference any more because it had been a failure , so they had to find a new way of expressing themselves and tried the complete opposite .

However today more and more teenagers are feeling responsible for the world they live in .
They are now aware that they have a responsability towards the future and take more time to consider the possibilities offered to them .
Of course some are still unconsiderate and uninterested but others are making changes .
We see a lot more humanitarian organisation runned by young adults , for example in my school there are three projects that involve fundraising and the education of others on the issues of the world like poverty and global environment and all of them were founded and are runned by students .

this shows teenagers help improve their surroundings and community because they become more respectful and involved .
It is therefore a mistaken idea to think that the younger generation is becoming worse every day .
It has over the years experienced different ways to portray itself and these changements have been essential for the future generations because it will give them an idea about the risks of going to the extremes and resulting from that will be a more balanced and helpful group of young people .
Cars belong to the big progress in our industrilized period .
Nowadays , in industrialized countries , cars are really common and sometimes really hepful and useful during our daily life .
But for many reasons people will have to use less cars , first because of the lack of petroleum in a coming soon future , then the effect on the environment caused by the pollution of cars and the growing of the population .

The petroleum is becoming more and more rare and therefore really expensive .
It will become so much expensive that more and more people will have no choice that taking common transportation instead of individual cars .
We are also spoken about new fuels that can be used instead of petrol but I think it will be also expensive for the people .
For exmple a hydrogen car is a highly technological solution but as we are talking we are just in the prototype level .
Organical oil can be also an alternative solution but it will mean that we will need to have uncredible huge crop yields to feed all the cars which is impossible .

Another aspect which can decrease the number of car is the pollution .
All people know the bad effect created by a car for our atmosphere .
People are all the more aware of the problem that we can see in our period time the consequences of the pollution in the climate .
The climate is becoming warmer and we are more face to natural catastrophs caused by a strange behaviour of the weather .
People are sensibilized to the subject of the bad effect of some gaz emission in our atmosphere .
We will reach a time where people will had no choice that to leave their car if they want to prevent the earth from an ecological drama .

Finally the population on the earth is increasingly growing up .
We are know almost 6.5 billions .
Some crowded countries are becoming more and more industrilized , for instance India and China .
There will be probably a problem of logistic if everybody has a car .
It will be impossible to drive , there will be too much traffic .
People in this case should find another solution to move , to commute .

We can conclude that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than today when we observe the problems we are faced todays with the numbers of car .
It will be obviously a cost for our confort but it will be totally beneficial for the future of our planet .
I would like to go against the statement that `` there will be fewer cars in future than they are today '' .
I have many facts to support my view .
Firstly , according to the news promoted by the news channels , the number of cars that are being purchased is increasing day by day .
This , clearly shows that more and more people are willing to by cars .

Secondly , the number of new models of cars that are being introduced in the market is rapidly increasing .
We have a new model of a car in every month ( approximately ) .
No company will waste a huge amount of money for their reaserch and development , in order to design new cars , if they feel that the usage of cars is going to decrease in the near future .

Thirdly , the two-wheelers can carry a maximum of three people , provided the third person is an infant , or is unusually thin .
Therefore , for families with four or more members in it , there is no other means of transport except for the cars .
Ofcourse , the trasportation provided the the government will do , but most of the people do not prefer to go in it , becaue , having a vehicle of their own is a matter of prestige and to them , and is definitely more comfortable .

Forthly , the cars are useful in long journies , unlike the two-wheeler .
The other sources of transportation may be the aeroplanes and the trains which are more costly .
Therefore , by travelling in cars we will be comfortable , and it is cost effective also .

In the busy life of metropolitan cities , the cars can be used not only for ourselves , but they can also help an individual to make money for himself , by making it a taxi .
He can drop people at different places and make money for himself .

Unless and until an other vehicle is discovered , which can satisfy all tha points mentioned above , the demand for cars will not reduce .
Since the probability for such a vehicle to be discovered is very less , we can say that the number of cars being used will not decrease in the next twenty years .
I disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people because I think that young people do not have neither the experience nor the knowladge to appreciate the gift of the live in its complete dimension .
By the other hand , older people have the experience and knowladge that allow them to enjoy the most important things in the life .

In first place , I believe that we have to learn what is life and what is its purpouse , in order to learn how to enjoy it .
For example , I can notice that my two years old son enjoy to play with the piano but he does not know how to play the piano .
In that order of ideas , life is like a piano , you need to learn how to live to appreciate it in all his dimenssions instead of only merely living because you have born .
For example , older people frecuently have the wisdom to appreciate their family which they consider the mos important in their life , but young people try to live appart of his family as soon as possible

In second place , each fase of the life has its own time , if young people could understand what is really important in life they could work to achieve those goals , like to study to get a good job that allow them to rear a family , instead of only trying to pass the life as if it where a big and eternal party , and when the get older they realize that have lost his opportunities to be really happy .

In third place , some young people go to fast in life that they cut their opportunities to enjoy his life in its own pace .
Nowadays they want to grew older to experience new emotions , like drinking alcohol , smoking , having sex or using drugs , somtimes influenced by the media or by their mates , they do not have the capability to say no to some dangerous practices .
But older people know better what is good or bad for enjoing the life and how avoid dangerous practices .

In conclussion , to learn how to enjoy life is the reason because we have teachers or masters .
Young people need to learn to live and to be prepared for the chalenges that living in nowadays have .
In other words , young peole need to appreciate and enjoy life in all its dimenssions , and older people are called to teach their wisdom to the new generations to enjoy life .
People normally think that people who try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well can have succeful life .
However , I think that it is really dangerous thinking and I strongly disagree with this .
There are three main reasons and examples why I disagree with the statement .

First , it has really low percentage of success .
When people try new things there are always a lot of risk .
Since new things are not known and proved the people always take the risks .
And sometimes it can be really dangerous for the people .
If what the people try to do is succeed , then he/she can be a hero and others may respect them .
However , that does not normally happen in our lives .
So it can be really dangerous for you to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what you know how to do well .
For example , if you work for a company and you need to finish your project .
Then you do not follow the standard guide lines and you try a new way to do the project .
If your boss like the project , that is really lucky and good for you but normally that is really hard .
You might get fired because of your new way to do the project .

Second , the statement seems right because there are some people who have become famous because of their new thinkings and tries .
However , it is really rare situation .
Only few people actually succeed by their new ideas and unusual tries .
Then They look really good because they can be famous .
For example , Novel became really famous by making dinamites .
He tried new thinngs and finally invented really useful equipment .
But if he failed his work , no one would know him thesesdays .
Only when you succeed your try , people will respect you and remember you .
Otherwise , you fail your work and no one cares about it .

Third , you can still succeed even though you do not try new things and take risks rather than only doing what you already know how to do well .
Success does not always require your new attempt .
Success is just depends on your personal values .
For example , if your value is earning money and having a nice family , you do not have to try new things and face risks .
You can still have successful life without any new tries .
Success deals with your personal values much more than what you actually do .

As above , the percentage of success is really low when you try knew things , and it is really hard to succeed by doing new thing .
Also you can still succeed even though you do not try new things rather than onlu doing what you already know how to do well .
Therefore , I disagree with the statement .
I would rather think than traveling in group and led by a tour guide is the best way to miss what can be thrilling in discovering new countries or places around the world .
The reason for which people choose to travel this way hides what they usually feel as a great delusion at the end of their trip .
Experience of travel has to go through such kinds of delusions to discover its true identity .

First , one of the favorite reasons for people to prefer a guide is that they are afraid to `` miss '' anything .
Things ( museums , buildings , an so on ) `` have to '' be seen .
Such a way of thinking assumes that things which are vital need to be known from the largest part of people .
But what one ca n't miss is what chance helps him to discover .
Sreets or building we love in peculiar cities reflect our personnal relationship to these cities and that is more important than to remember vaguely buildings as if we only saw them in guide books .
What I do n't want to miss when I travel is the progressive link that I build with parts of a city wether they are in guide books or not .
That ca n't be planified .

Also , people feel more secure when they travel in group or when they follow an experimented guide .
Although this can be a strong reason in some parts of the world , I personnallly appreciate when a trip contains a bit of danger because danger is a significant part of the pleasure to travel .
When one wants to reduce danger to a minimum , excitation disappears at the same time .
Not to be the master of a situation is one the major reasons to travel and this goes from the foreign language to real dangers .

Last , to travel in group is often considered as more interesting because of the possibility to share an experience with other people and because of the diversity of points of view .
But is n't it another way to miss the only truly significant different point of view , that is the point of views of people from another country ?
I prefer to travel alone because it obliges me to meet people instead of staying inside of a familiar cultural environment .
Once one 's in a group , one ca n't escape the group .
I think there are two kinds of people :
The first kind is good in knowing general topics and so this kind has a good broad knowledge .
The second typ is good in knowing specific information about one topic .
We need both kinds of people to manage the living on our earth , because experts are needed to make new discoveries in science , nature or anything else .
Without this experts our technical evolution could n't be continued .

The human beeings who have the general knowladge are good to `` tidy up '' our world .
They can create a system in which we can put the lot of information we get every day .
Such men or women are also neccessary for our culture , way of live and organisation of the live .

Without the experts we would n't be so far in technique and social status , probably we would live with the dinosaurs , but without the other group , we would n't be able to understand all of the new things that are invented or discovered or die under the mountain of ideas , new topics and inventions .
The most specialists are not good in explaining new things , because the most speak in their own language .
Every Topic has its ' own language so you are not able to know what 's going on ...

We need a good balance between specialist and people who have a good broad knowledge .
I ca n't say the one is better than the other !
I think that I 'm am specialist who knows one or to topics next to another realy good , but not the rest .
And my brother knows much more topics , but not so deep like me .
Together we are a really good team wich can solve a lot of problems in a very efficient way .
So this is a good example for what I ment in this essay .
Everybody only have to know what he wants and maby a little more and nobody should be discriminated because of his knowledge or unknowledge .
The future of the country lies on the shoulders of youth .
It is the responsibility of the present generation to lead the country to the path of the prosperity .
I disagree with the statement that youth do not spend enough time in community service .

Many successful community programs in the city where I live are associated with the active participation of youth .
Take the example of the cleanliness drive that was undertaken in my city to get rid of the rubbish accumulated on the beach .
Students and young working professionals showed up in large numbers and worked eagerly in the activity .
Not only that some people even went to the extent of putting up sign boards to educate the people about the hazards of polluting the beach .

It cannot be said that youth do not participate in the community programs due to lack of time .
One of the reasons could be lack of proper advertising of program .
Last year the local program in my city to protect the turtles during the breeding recieved minimal response as hardly anyone knew about it , including me .
However , this the local corporation officals gave widespread publicity about the program and a large number of people signed up for it ( it included me ) .
The response was tremendous and there were actually more number of people than required .

Youth also need notset apart a specific period of time for community activites .
They can incorporate them in their daily activities , like dropping the neighbours child at school on their way to college , bring the neighbours groceries while they do their own shopping or take out their garbage along with their own or in a number of other ways that can be done parallely along with their own activities .

So , the notion that young people today donot allot enough time for community activities can be ruled out .
Views differs greatly when it comes to the discussion whether to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject .
On the one hand , some asserts that having a wide range of knowledge is better .
While others thinks that it is better to specialize in one subject .
However , I think it is better to have a broad range of knowledge .

Take engineers for example , They are very knowledgable when it comes to computer related problems .
But they are so isolated in their computer field that when it comes to other subjects they have no clue .
My friend John is the perfect example for such discussion .
He is an excellent student in the engineering field .
He can answer any question you might have regarding computers .
However , when we are talking about other subjects , such as , art history , he can not join our conversation at all .

Another problem with focusing on just one single subject is that you will not know what else is out there .
You might be interested in world history , but because you are specialized in one subject .
You have to spend all your time studying that subject and have no time to study world history .
One of these days , when you look back .
That might be the one thing that you regret the most .

Nevertheless , specialize in one subject have its advantages .
You will have a very clear and deep understanding of that subject .
But when we compare the advantage and disadvantage of specializing in one specific subject or not , the most obvious selection is to have a broad knowledge of various of academic subjects .

With the points noted in the discussion , I agree with the statement .
I think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
I do agree with the given statement absolutely .
It is the inclination for taking up things that are different from the conventional ways and means of doing things , that set the successful people apart from their plebian fellow beings .
For e.g. had it not been for the Wright Brothers , we would not have known the face of the Aeroplane today .
It is their determination to do something different that made it possible .
They dared to take the plane into the air ...
up and up ...
and their reputation soared even higher .

Successful people tend to take the less trodden path and achieve success at the end of it .
It speaks of their determination and perseverance .
Take for instance , Thomas Alva Edison ..
the inventor of electric bulb .
He failed many a times before he could succeed .
The failures didnt deter him , instead they motivated him to try still harder .

Complacence is not a virtue of successful people .
They try to improve on the things further .
If the invention has stopped with the bicycle , imagine how would the world have been today .
If people are content with what they have , then their is no progress in life .
Some people , people with vision and passion , take upon them the task of doing new things and take risks instead of going along with the routine , and they are the people who stand apart from the commons and become exemplary .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Advertisements are meant to convince potential buyers to purchase certain items .
Therefore , in order to convince the buyers , advertisements almost always make products appear better than they really are .
My reading of an article on the local newspaper and my personal experience of purchasing a skin care product prove this point to be true .

I once read an article on a local newspaper that informed readers about the art of advertisement .
The article said that in order to convince the potential buyers to purchase certain items , the advertising market must make the products to appear as amazing as possible , even if they appear better than they actually are .
So that potential buyers will be convinced of the products ' worth and effectiveness .
If the advertisements make the products seem worse or the way they really are , they will have a more difficult time to convince buyers .
In my opinion , the article had a point .

In addition to the article , my personal experience also proves that most advertisements make products seem better .
I have always wanted clear , smooth skin .
I remember seeing an advertisement of a skin care product on the television .
The product was described in the advertisement to be so effective that I was completely convinced before even trying it .
However , after purchasing the skin care product and using it for two months , I still had countless pimples on my face and the quality of my skin did not improve at all .
This experience showed me that advertisement make products much better than they really are .

Both the article on my local newspaper and my personal experience prove to me that most advertisements make products seem better than they actually are .
In numerous cases , the products that buyers purchase in reality do not live up to their descriptions in their advertisements .
So next time when I purchase an item , I will not judge its worth and effectiveness just by looking at its advertisement .
In twenty years , I think there will be more cars in use than there are today due to the development of technology in automobile industry and to the general trend of the statistics versus years .

Most of the people living on Earth have always been impressed by the charm of automobiles throughout the history and they have always been open to renovations and modifications about them .
People easily adapt to technological changes in cars and show the ambition to drive every new model and version that has been produced .
Therefore , there is a great interest in cars among the public than in any other technological product .
Besides , cars are often called the toys of men and as a result of this attutude ' men like to spend more time with their cars .

Another factor that will increase the number of cars in traffic would be its obligation as a transport medium .
In our day , it is far beyond being accepted as a sign of luxury and wealth and almost everyone who holds a driving licence drives cars while going to work , meetings , parks and etc .
In addition , although the reverse is correct in some countries , the purchasing power of the people tend to rise in years and as a consequence of this fact , people prefer to drive cars individually although it may cause some problems like weather pollution because of exhaustion gases , traffic jam and parking problem due to its abundancy .
The final reason why the number of cars will be more in the next twenty years would be the decline in the sale price of cars .
The car prices seem to have fallen in the recent years and banks offer better campaign conditions for those who want to buy either brand-new or used cars .

It is apparent that despite such problems it would cause in our daily life , the number of cars are likely to increase in the forthcoming two decades .
Older people always say that young people are always busy with making money and doing their job , which prevent the young people to enjoy their life .
I admit that older people , especially those people who retire , have much more time to enjoy their life .
However , since the young people are healthier than the older man , there is no limitation to young people 's activities .
Furthermore , young people have much more entertainment than the old ones and young people can more easily communicate with others and chat with others .
Therefore , I think young people can enjoy the life better .

First , young people is healthier than the older ones .
It means that young people can travel to any place which interests them .
For example , they can climb to the top of famous mountains , sail into the ocean and walking into the middle of rain forest .
Moreover , They can also play basketball and football with each other while older people will get very tired in the competitaion games .
Therefore , young people can enjoy life more than old ones becuase they are healthier than the older ones .

Second , young people have much more entertainment than those of the older ones .
Young people can go to bars and restaurants after work .
They chat with friends and enjoy the delicious food such as Chinese food and Mexigan food in the restaurants while older ones will prefer to stay at home and being alone .
Furthermore , the young people can have dating with their girl/boy friends .
They watch movies , listen to the performance in the concert and go to see the beautiful landscape together .
Young people can even have fun by playing the same mmo games such as world of warcraft .
They form guilds in the game and they meet in the game and play game together .
Thus , young people can enjoy their life more than older ones becuase they have much more entertainment .

Third , young people enjoy communicating with each other in the internet .
Many young people enjoy chatting with their friends with msn or other softwares .
They can tell jokes to their friends when they are working in the office .
Those jokes can make their office hours more interesting .
Furthermore , even when two young people are far in distance , they can easily talk with each other .
They just need to have a computer and they can put on the microphone and use the network services to talk .
Those examples show that young people enjoy their life better than the old ones by talking with others more easily .

In conclusion , though older people have much leisure time than the young ones , they are so confined by their health and their life style which limits them to have more entertainment and communicate frequently with others .
Thus , young people are beneficial from their healthy , their various entertainment and their communication with others .
As a result , young people can enjoy life more than older ones .
This statement does not offer a definition of `` successful '' - unless success consists solely of doing new things and taking risks regardless of wether or not one succeeds in these new things and risks .
This is to be doubted .
Trying to find out if I can fly makes me daring , and probably a hopital inmate at the least , but not successful .
Therefore , I would have to disgree on a formal level .

More importantly though , I would like to challenge this statement in regard to its meaning as well .
By not offering a definition of what `` success '' means , the sentence is not only malformed , but furthermore appeals to a kind of common sense universality .
Immanual Kant proved that the only maxims that may be universal imperatives or truths must be rationally applicable to any thinking being .
If we now try to formulate this statement as a maxim - that is : If you want to be successful , you have to try new things and take risks - and see if it holds true for any given rational being - let us say Immanual Kant - we find that it is false : Immanual Kant lived in the same city his whole life , never changing any of his habits ; he positively did not take any risks regarding his work either : He worked an entire decade on his major book before publishing it , just to be on the safe side .
But Immanual Kant is undoubtedly one , if not the most successful philosopher in history .

His speculation on maxims can help us further along in solving the question of success : If a maxim cannot be proved universal , its scope needs to be smaller .
Thus , if we enhance the statement by saying that people who try new things are successful if trying new things is important to them , we end up with an applicable maxim .

As a conclusion , I would like to suggest that a more appropriate statement on successful people would be the following :
Successful people do what is important to them , rather than doing what they think they are supposed to do .
Last November seemed colder than usual , not because of the early winter gust winds , but because of one man who has been forgotten deeply in my mind for a year .
I stared at the portrait of this man .
Around me was only the mourning sound combined by high and low vocal sounds .
The man in the portrait-my father-was gone in my early life .

A Korean proverb says that the flower produces sweet fruits only after it loses its beautiful petals .
While anyone might expound its meaning thorugh the abstract-that perseverance thorough hardship is rewarded-I decided to illustrate its significant meaning thorugh various aspects of my life .
In a sense , it is the maxim that drives and motivates me not to be succumbed to people 's common pessimism toward people without parents .

Perseverance strenghthens my body .
Few years ago , I committed myself to a class to learn Kungfu .
But it was more than a leisurely hobby to sate some restless action film-inspired teenages ; it was a process of grueling training under a demanding master who was quick to rebuke any faults .
In a short time , every other student quit , having grown weary of awaking at dawn on weekends for the sake of physical exhaustion .
I knew better ; rather than be discouraged by the sudden trend , I reasoned that the benefits of continuing-physical fitness , discipline , and competency in legendary martial art-far outweighed the costs-foregoing the chance to sleep in .
Through the course of two-year regimen , I continued to learn , emerging with confidence ahead of those who had quit under exertion .
Rather than be discouraged by the past , I found the source of comfort and challenge by refusing to succumb to ethical temptations for the sake of physical convenience .

Perseverance tempers my emotion .
When cancer claimed my father 's life last year , it was inevitably difficult .
It was not a simple process , but I learned that the most important form of perseverance is hope .
Through hope , bitter memories of my father 's death were redirected into fond nostalgia of his life ; worrisome lingering on whta the had left uncompleted truned into excitement at the prospect of accomplishing his dreams myself .
A Korean trained businessman with a profound knowledge of international economy , one of his goals was to study in the United states .
Inspired by his rich life , I seek to fulfill our common goal in the United States to share there my own unique Korean living in China .

So far , I have shed many petals of tears and sweat .
Unlike many fellow students of mine at school , I 've lost the most important source of inspiration in life-father .
Unlike my friends , I , one of the young people for my age , failed to enjoy my life by not caring for the hidden inspiration of my life in the past .
I believe that the sweetest fruit yet lies at the time I become old myself like my father .
As far as I am concerned I think that the people in our daily society need their cars .
You feel free if you can take the the car and go shopping for example .
But you also see the deep impacts of the globalization .
If everybody takes his car every day the nature will be polluted .
So you do n't have to forget the nature .
I think we will not have more cars in twenty years than today because I think that science and economy will find another transport type .
The oil prices are very high today so I ca n't imagine that the car industry will increase .
I think another transport type will appear like the transrapid above the buildings .
Another reason is that the world population increase and so I think there is no space anymore to provide all people with cars .
Do I guess that the natural resources are limited and so if there is no oil anymore you have to find a solution .
Maybe you can support the car with solar cells but this method will be very expensive .
So in my opinion scientist have to find another way to bring the people from one point to the other point .
The old traditional way to come from one point to the other point will discussed .
If you ride with your bike to the university or you want to go shopping you will also support you health .
So I can imagine that something appears helping the people to remain fit .
Our daily society is full of people having more weight than healthy .
Why we do n't connect two things .
The health and the movement .
Ok , I am a sporting man and feel better when I ride with my bike to the next city .
But who has the same thoughts that I have .
Nobody .
The world is governed by people who want to live fast and who do n't have any time to relax .
Time is money and therefore I think the car industry does not increase but the world will find a solution to make the life easier for those dreaming of it .
I am in complete agreement with the given statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .

Ideas and concepts are very important and they act the source of general conscience in human being .
I feel so because understanding ideas and concepts is far more important than just learning facts only .
If a student is clear about the concept and idea behind a phenomenon than it will hardly take a second to learn the fact .
It is concepts and ideas that give rise to facts or one can say that fact is denouement of ideas and concepts .
To clearly undersatnd take an example of `` falling of a hurling ball on the ground '' .
This falling of a ball on ground is a fact but the force of gravity and the phenomenon of gravitation comes under ideas and concepts behind this fact .
So just learning that a hurling ball falls on ground is trivial as compared to the concept of gravitation .

Also learning facts does not count to intelligentia , one shuld have logical thinking and innovative ideas to get success in any field .
Logical thinking is the path to success .
And logical thinking develops only when one think innovative ideas or mere ideas , So one should think newer and newer ideas to solve a problem .
Thinking innovative ideas leads to logical thinking and reasoning .
As everybody is familier with the milieu of competition , so to survive and compete in this competitive environment the students shoould be ancouraged

The students should be encouraged to go for understanding of ideas and concepts instead of learning of facts only .
If the students are good then the institute will also succeed and definitely the country too .
So to make future generations better and competitive the students should be encouraged to understand ideas and concepts rather than mere facts only .
We are living in a community and have some responsibilities because of this .
But many of us , specially the younger generation , do n't give enough importance to these duities .
In this essay I will try to explain this fact by stating the reasons .

It is a truth that younger generation of the society do not pay enough attention to help their communnities .
As humans live in communities , it is our main duty to help the community , so that one day when we need help we w 'll be able to receive from somebody else .
But the conditions of modern life lead to a change in this picture .
Younger people generally spend time on so many different activities that they can not find any spare time to share with the public .
For instance , they attend some schools , do different kinds of activities in the school , deal with the computer and also deal with the problems in their daily lives .
As a result , most of the youngs can not find enough time to help their communities .
Even if they do , it is very limited .

One other factor that prevents youngs from helping their communities is the misleading of the youngs by the community .
This can sound strange , but it is also the communitie that is causing the problem .
Young people in the community are not tought enough about the importance of supporting the community .
They have a lack of information on how serious this subject can be .
Thus , they do not clearly understand why they should help their communities .
I can give an example on this subject from my personal life .
The last time I went to a house for elderly , I had the chance of meeting many old people and learning about their experiences in life .
They complained about the young people in the society and that they are not spending any timewith them .
What is more , I was the only student who went there for the last two months .
What was surprising for me in that visit , was one of the things that I heard from one old man .
He said that it was the elderlies fault that they do not have any visitors now , because he even did n't teach the importance of helping the community , in some ways , to his own children .
As s result , even his children do n't come to see him .

It is true that young members of the society do not pay enough attention to help their communities .
There are some reasons like spending time for other things and the miseading of the society on this subject .
But it is also true that youngs should help their societies so that they can find help when they need .
In the modern world we are able to sell goods which are producted in Europe all round the world .
To let our potential customers know about our goods or services we need to ad them .
Thanks to the modern mass media : TV , Internet and the press , we can ad our products everywhere .

Ads could be pictures or tv clips or internet banners where we can explain which are the uses of our product , what customers can do by it and how their life will be improved using that product .

So we use the ads to pesuade people to buy our products for its characteristics or peculiarities .
Someone said that `` the advertisement is the soul of the commerce '' , no sentence has been so true like that .
Often , for this reason , who makes ads tries to give to the product more than it has really got .
In this sense I agree with this statement because very often this people tries to persuade us with false adjectives , false implicit meaning trying to force us to buy that product .

Producers of ads often can persuade people to buy their product , but I think that , if the product is n't like the ad on TV , people will be very disappointed with it and they will talk to other people explaining what happened .
In this situation the company which ads will lose his possibility to sell anymore his products .

Anyway I think that we need an international authority which checks all the ads trying to delete lies and what can illegally persuade people to buy that product .
We need a code of advertisement and who makes ads must respect those laws and he should be clear with the potential customers .

I know is difficult to create an international authority , especially in those countries where also the market is without specific laws that can regulate it .
But I think that if all the developed countries join the efforts , some improvements could be done .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The statement is true .

Young people nowadays are very busy with their schedules .
They do not have time to involve in the activities that help their communities .
For example , my brother who is working as a software engineer is busy with his job working late nights on tasks assigned to him .
So he doesn'thave that much time to engage himself for helping his community .

The young people nowadays are lacking the sense of helping .
Many people are thinking about what they get in return after helping their communities .
For example , I met a young minister in our locality .
He was very reluctant to help the community people because he thinks that he does n't get anything in return from them and its a meagre waste of granting funds to them .

Although some young people are getting enough time to help others they are simply wasting their time .
For example , my cousin who is a teacher , after returning from the school , simply wastes the remaining time just by idling or watching T.V .
The current generations , particularly students are engrossed in their studies and sports rather than making an effort to help others .
Some people are wasting their money by spending it on waste activities such as drinking , smoking etc .
If they spend this money on helping their community it will be very useful for the people .

some young people are in the mad race for acquiring lands .
If they donate these lands to the homeless in the community , atleast they can build houses and provide shelter for themselves .

Finally I conclude that helping his own community is the most essential function of young people .
They should spare time for helping .
I disagree with the statement that it is better to have knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Today due to vast expansion of infrastructure and man power , specializing on a particular subject would lead to a positive and creative solutions .
The globalisation which is rapidly growing across the globe requires totally refined finished products unlike expecting for conventional products in the primitive times .

This statement can be clearly explained with the help of an example , lets take civilengineering into account , civil engineering is an unision of 6 areas of specialization namely foundation engineering , structural engineering , environmental engineering , construction planning and management , water resources engineering and transportation engineering .
If we try to gain a broad knowledge of all these subjects it would be difficult for an engineer or a researcher in these fields to deliver a refined design which would suit the present trend .
This is because all the fields of specialisation mentioned above are entirely different from each other .
The foundation engineering deals with foundation design , structural engineering deals with the super structure design and in this way each has its own entity , so a good engineer having a sound knowledge in any one area can excel in that field and would be able to deliver all the requirements needed in that specific field .
Taking highway engineering into consideration , its totally distinct from other fields as it deals with pavement design and harbour design .
Hence for an efficient engineer or a researcher in this field would be able to derive better designs from the knowledge he gained through this specialized field .
In the similar way an environmentalist could give proper suggestions on air , water and marine pollutions more effectively than a person having a broad knowledge in this field .
The branch of civil engineering is just an example to explain why gaining knowledge in a particular specialization is needed rather than gaining broader knowledge in all the fields .

The strong belief which is coming from our primitive ages that , its better to concentrate on one particular thing rather than putting hands in various fields in order to get positive results .
This conceptual belief proves that `` old is gold '' and is very much applicable in the present scenario as each and every individual is aiming for an accurate result in all the fields .
This belief can also be explained by a concept called `` SIX SIGMA '' , this concept is used in firms which produce goods of various kinds , the accuracy level achieved through this concept is that only one part produced is proven to be defective in 1 million parts produced .
This accuracy level is achieved through rigorous research and effort made by technologists in this particular field .

Hence I strongly believe and personally commit to the comment that having specialized in a particular subject fetch excellent and innovative results rather than gaining broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
Yes that is true .
Advertisements are meant for selling the product faster and for commercialization of the product .
To achieve this goal advertisers create a hype regarding the product .
There are many varieties of the same product , for example many cereals have the same basic ingredients but some are sold like hot cakes while others do not .
The products which are advertised more happen to to be sold faster than those that are not advertised .
Mmany cereals advertise that cholesterol would reduce to half by eating the cereal or the calcium in the cereal would improve their bones .
These are not always true .

In my experience I found that eating cereals which advertise that cholesterol is reduced to half or the calcium in the cereal makes bones grow stronger is just to attract the society to buy the cereal .
The advertising personnel try to attract the customer by health logos and slim waist line advertisements to sell the product .
When my doctor told me that I should reduce my cholesterol in take I started eating a cereal to bring down my cholesterol for six months .
After six months my cholesterol level was still the same .

My friend once bought a weight reducing drink being carried away by the advertisement which said reduce weight in three months .
She took the drink as specified but she did not reduce weight .
Not only that the side effects with the drink outweighed the little benefit the drink provided .

These specific examples made to believe that most advertisements are just for marketig sake and just make seem the prodct is reaaly better than it really is
I strongly disagree with the statement that today 's youth does not spend enough time on helping the community .
The spirit of helping others , especially those who are in need , together with the sense of compassion , is not limited by age .
There are several organisations that are dedicated to hepling the community that are organised , managed and run by the youth alone .

A closer look at the records of voluntary community service in most American hospitals reveals the major portion of its participants to be in the 12 to 25 age category .
This could be attributed to the fact that younger people have a larger number of free hours to indulge in community service , compared to adults who have work and family responsibilities .

The recent tsunami on December 26th , 2004 , that wreaked havoc on the South East Asian coastline resulted in unprecedented death and destruction .
A large number of humanatarian organisations theat provided relief to the victims were youth and student organisations .
These international as well as local youth organisations campaigned to raise money and distributed relief material and compensation to the affected victims and also pitched into the rehabilitation and reconstruction efforts .

The United Nations has a special youth wing that holds an annual forum , providing a common platform for the youth to meet , discuss issues relevant to them and finally act on them .
Had young people nowadays not been interested in these causes , such an organasation would neither been endorsed nor been given assistance .
A peek into every activity involving community service , be it in donations for needy causes , rehabilitation of underpriviledged children or animal welfare , the youth is not just present : it is actively involved .

In conclusion , I would like to say that the young people of today have not lost their concern or forgotten their obligation to society .
They strive to put in as much time and effort as possible to the cause of upliftment of the society .
They do their bit and more to help their community and make the world a better place to live in .
There is a famous aphorism that says `` Jack of all trades but master of none '' .
I agree with this saying and hence donot think that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

Instead , one should specialize in a single subject .
Firstly , in today 's dog-eat-dog world , it is important for a person to get ahead in the rat race .
Specializing in a single subject helps an individual to have exclusive knowledge of that subject and hence he will secure more lucrative offers in the field of employment .
The demand increases and the supply being less , the individual is rewarded amply for his spcialization .
Also , there is an abundance of academic topics to choose from and very little time to pay total attention to them .
Gaining knowledge about many subjects is simply impractical .

Secondly , if a person concentrates on myriad subjects at the same time , unless he is an exceptionally brilliant individual , there are chances of his getting overwhelmed with the sheer diversity in the subjects that he has to deal with .
For instance , it is a widely known fact that Leonardo Da Vinci was a true genius and had mastered various fields ranging from science to art , which is evident in his works ; from model aircrafts , to bridges , to the `` Vetruvian man '' , to `` Mona Lisa '' .
This goes to show that unless an individual is confident about his capabilities , that is he can deal with a vast number of subjects like Da Vinci did , he should not bite off more than he can chew .

Also , from the scientific view point , the average human brain can process only a limited amount of information at a time and that too about a certain number of topics .
Though it is proven that we use only 10 % of our brain capacity , why not focus the remaining 90 % on a single subject and master it ?
Dealing with too many topics at one time could lead to confusion and chaos and could result in frustration for the individual .

Moreover , If a person has specialized knowledge about a particular subject , he can work in collaboration with specialists from other fields , hence enabling him to socialize as he simultaneously distributes his knowlede to others .
In this process he also gains knowledge of other fields .

Finally , I think that a person should have a basic awareness and not a thorough knowledge of as many subjects as he possibly can .
In this day and age , specialization is the key to a successful academic , professional and social life .
In the present day situation , cars are not a `` luxury '' item , they 're a necessity .
Every place , whether it be household , or in factories , etc. transportation is incomplete without fourwheelers .

Looking specifically to cars , or technically `` light motorised , four wheeled vehicle '' , one cant really expect there numbers to sink , at least for sure within 20 years .
One of the practical reason is that the roads that carry the current capacity of cars , are already there and functional .
If the number of cars will reduce , then the traffic levels will go down , and one of the biggest disincentive that prevents a person to buy cars ( the congestion on road ) will also die down .
So if the car numbers will go down , it will in itself , motivate people to buy new cars .

A nice alternative to using cars is using the subway system , or the railroad , or airways , or bus .
But still , one cant make a subway station everywhere in the city , or a run separate trains between every two pair of stations .
Although for long distances , people might opt for subways or rails , but the `` number of cars '' will not decrease , because some time you may need to do extensive shopping , receive your kins from different point in city , move to various locations in the city or out the city where there is no rail connectivity , or no station , the travel plans can change suddenly , with no prior notice .
All mass transit systems have a schedule , they arrive and depart in fixed manner , but urgent situations dont .
So people might prefer to use mass transport facilities in daily life , the density of traffic may reduce , but the `` number of cars in use '' wont decrease .
Neither can one expect such a huge development in mass transport system to come within 20 years , and continue thereon .

One may say that fuel used in cars can get changed .
It is said that petroleum reserves will get over within 100 years ( too long !! ) .
However , hydrogen powered cells to run cars on electricity is a concept that wont let cars stagnate due to nonavailability of petroleum based fuels .

They can be said to be not secure owing to road accidents , but accidents , to point out , is drivers fault and not the vehicle 's .
Also , accidents can happen in any vehicle , but in cars you can have seat belts , air bags and all sort of safety devices not possible in other vehicles .

If earning is said to give financial independence , then cars can be said to give transit independence .
You need not ask anyone , you need not worry where to go , when to go , how long to stop at any place , and your driving safely confirms the safe transit of other persons in the car .
Although bike can be an alternative as a transportation medium , but its mainly a 2 seater ...
and no more , and you cant afford to carry various luggage .
Do you remember everything you studied ?
Probably not !
However , if you once studied a subject in depth you will probably have experienced that the lessons drawn from that studying have had long-lasting effects .
Specializing in a specific study subject is a great choice , since this will allow the student to trully enjoy the subject , to acquire a profound knowledge of it and , ultimately , to apply this knowledge to further subjects of study .

When someone studies something in depth , he usually enjoys the subject more than when his or her study is superficial .
How can someone for instance enjoy History , when it is taught only as facts and dates ?
Conversely , a deep knowledge of the context and causes of historic events , may make the study of History an amazing and exiting experience .

Furthermore , a thorough study of a specific subject allows the student to retain the subject more easily , because the knowledge so acquired has deeper roots .
We have surely all experienced the contrary : trying to embrace many subjects for our school exams and ultimately forgetting everything once the exams had passed .
By studying someting in depth , the chances of this frustrating experience will significantly decrease !

Moreover , the best about studying a subject in-depth is that , once we have a sound knowledge of a certain topic , we can draw links and establish relationships with other topics .
This makes the studying of further topics more simple .
My best friend majored in Art ...
you will probably not be surprised that he is also terrific in History , since any art expression is closely related to the historical context in which it took place .

For all these reasons , I strongly recommend everyone specialize in a specific subject , rather than try to gain a broad knowledge of many subjects .
The only question is , in which subject should someone specialize ?
The given statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' is a disputable topic .
But I would like to disagree with the statement .
This is because I believe that in twenty years from now , there will be an increase in the number of cars used as compared to what we see today .

The most important factor which supports my view is the kind of advancement in technology that we have .
I am sure that with developments in the above feild we will soon have better and improved versions of car models .
With the growing concern in terms of environmental pollution caused by cars , we will have better fuel saving , nature friendly models which will be welcomed by all .
Also it will attract more an more number of people to buy such eco friendly cars .

Another reason why I disagree with the statement is that , I feel cars are much more convinient than other public transport facilities available .
And therefore they serve as a better option for conveyance .
Hence , as man is more convinence oriented , in the future more and more people will be encouraged to buy cars .

Also , now a days people are becoming more and more aware of their status and respect in the society .
And in order to match up with the norms of the society dominated by rich people , they follow what others do .
So this attraction will to buy cars for themselves and therefore contribute to increase in the number .

Finally , i also believe that people are becoming richer day by day .
The class i am discussing is upper middlecalss an d the rich people .
Middle class and otherwise poor people can anyways not afford such a luxury .
So with more and more population having extra money will drive them into looking onto for previliges and luxury .
It is very much possible that different members of the same family will own different cars for their own convenience .

So to sum up , i think that newer ans improved models of cars , their convenience , their status value and extra money with the rich people will ultimately lead to a society with a greater number of cars in use in the coming years .
If you ask me if advertisements make products much better that they really are , my answer will surely be positive .
In my opinion there are a lot of reasons to support this fact .
These reasons have a feature in common : that advertisement are always based on deceit .
First , when you see one product on tv , you see not the real product , but only a `` visual manipulation '' of it .
It will always seem bigger , brighter , better than what it really is .

In order to explain this , are you really sure that the famous Big Mac is really as `` big '' as it seems ?
I do n't think so .
So , before you chose to buy a product , go and see it in reality .
Most of the time , it will be a delusion .
Another point is the fact that , during an advertisement , there are a lot of `` distracters '' .
In other words : it is not the product itself what is important , but what is around it .
For instance : haven ' t you noticed that , in a lot of advertisement , there are a lot of beautiful girls or men ?
What is the connection between a product to paint gates and a young pretty girl ?

So , the advertisement remains in our mind not because of the product , but because of `` other '' factors .
The last point is that advertisements play on our imagination : we do n't buy the product for what it really is , but only for what we believe it is .
This `` imagination factor '' is created by a combination of the previous mechanisms , and yet others , that gain their strenght upon other , even unconscious , weaknesses .

So the bottom line is , never trust the advertisements , because they will always play tricks on you .
I disagree with the given statement , especailly in the context of the modern world .
The statement is probably inspired by the large number of career based people who may appear to be too selfish .
In a world of competition , this may partly be true - to get to the top , you must not let anyone else get past you .
However , taking a broader view , many of these people are very helpful , especially when they are needed the most .

Basically in every society , be it a contemporary one or of the past , there are people who are naturally more inclined to community service and related activities .
Many of these people have actually experienced or have been influenced by some touching social event .
Examples may be people who have been near a tornado struck place and have seen people 's houses and families getting decimated .
Such an event probably had a significant impact on their life and made them start helping people in need .

Something very ubiquitous about the modern world is the availability of communication .
Live footage of an earthquake in the Indian state of Kashmir is available throughout the country .
Call of a weeping mother for monetary help resounds on the ears of every person of the nation .
The plight of hundreds of dead children shakes the heart of even people who have religious and poilitical conflicts with the territory .
How then , one may ask , can someone remain poise in such a situation ?
The earthquake strikes not in a single state but in the heart of every citizen of the country .

It is in these times of tragedies that the young , so far busy in making their careers , suddenly come to rescue of others .
They fall upon their basic instincts - the need to help the needy .
The satisfaction they get from such service usually changes their life style for ever .
Successful and rich businessmen , who even find it hard to give time to their daughters , come out and provide the much needed monetary help .
This was something obviously not possible in the olden days .
It is thus the young who fuel the rescue work in these times .
I agree with the view that in future there will be fewer cars than there are now .
On the one hand , the cars are one of the most convenient mode of transportation and also the most popular one .
On the other hand , the factors such as growth in population , scarcity of land and concentration of population in the urban centers indicates towards a future situation where we might actually see a reduction of cars in future .
In the final analysis , there are more and stronger indications for decrease in the number of cars in future .

First , due to the rising population and overcrowding in the cities , it has become extremely difficult to travel in cars as there are frequent traffic jams and lack of parking space .
The other modes of transportation such as buses and trains are more convenient and faster .
Further , since most of the cars are owned by people in cities the number of cars will decerases due to the above factors in the coming times .

Second , the problem of pollution and overcrowding in the cities due to the increase in the number of cars have forced governments in countries like Singapore impose high taxes on purchase of vehicles .
They have also imposed toll charges for entering in the main city areas .
Thus , the government regulations can also discourage people from purchasing more cars and this will contribute to an overall reduction of cars in future .

Third , the probelm of the scarcity of non-renewable fuels is pushing up the fuel prices everyday , making it more and more difficult to travel in cars .
It has already led to the increase in popularity of the cheaper public transportation , this has been the case with trains in Mumbai ( India ) , where many people who used to travel in cars have shifted to travelling in trains and for these people new air conditioned trains have also been started .

Finally , the development of the alternative means of transportations like improved buse service , better network of trains , etc can again lead to a reduction in the number of cars purchased by people and contribute to a reduction of the total number of cars in times to come .

Thus , for the reasons given above I believe that in future cars will be fewer in number than they are now .
I think that it is difficult to determine exactly the ways to reach success .
But anyway , I think that most of times successful people have to be very creative , brave and determined in making decisions .
And another key to success is to face every day new situations and to try to come across with different things .
Because in the end this is what makes life a valuable thing .
always doing what you already know , even if you know you can do it well , does not permit you to become expert of the world .
I also think that in order to become successful you really have to consider your enviroment , in particulare people around you , because another key to success is to be seen by the people around you as a necessary and very interesting and brilliant person .
In order to aquire these characteristics you have to make lots of experiences .
People always judge you , and want to see you how you can deal especially with new things .
That is what makes the difference between an ordinary person and someone who is going to become a successful person .

Taking risks is also another aspect of success .
If I was afraid of doing something because I know it can damage me , every one would say that I am not a brave person .
But if I showed off , if I was finally able to demonstrate that I could risk , then people would care about me and probably would even support me .

But there is an inconvenient : you could be brave , but the `` Fate '' has to be considered .
if on the contrary , after making an important desicion and risking , something goes wrong , then you fail .
And failure means that you are not well-estimate by people around you anymore .

So the stairway to success is very difficult and tough .
You really have to be patient and prevent troubles .
But in conclusion I still think that someone with a great personality can be a valuable person and can alw
Have you ever been mislead by a TV or a web page advertisement , and bought something you were not completley statisfied ?
I have , that is why I belive that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my opinion , I think this occurs for simple reasons : people want to sell , and internet and TV makes it easy .

Selling more means winning more money .
Acutally , the purpose of advertising is to sell more , they do this by making the pruduct attractive .
The thing is that there is a diference between advertising the product and tricking people into buying something that is not true .
The sad part is that there is lot of people that are willing to risk their reputation in order to win more money .

Latley , buying through internet has become more and more popular .
It is cheaper , easy , and you can do it right at home .
The problem with on-line and TV purchases is that you are unable to see the object that you want to buy fisically .
There are many well known web-pages in which you know you will have no problems .
For example , I bought the Toefl test online , and recive exactly what I bought .
The problem comes when you are dealing something less formal .
For example , if you are planning a vacation and are planning to stay in a home and breakfast , you must check twice the place .
The owners always take the best pictures of their houses and even use photoshop .
Some times when the change is so drastic that you feel that it is not the place you saw on your computer screen , so you feel decive .

All in all , I belive that most advertisments do make products seem better than they really are .
I belive it is in their nature , since its purpose it to sell more ..
I do not belive that most advertisments want to decive people , but I strongly recommend not to buy online unless it is a recognized webpage .
`` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
This could be a well said joke .
I totally disagree with the statement .
How is it possible when every quarter a car manufacturer roll out a new model .
Is it possible in the era when a car manufacturer is about to develop and market a car which would be in reach of the common man who currently rides a bicycle .

I wish the statement would have been true but my minds says `` In your dreams '' .
The growth one sees in the automobile market is extraordinary .
There is such a stiff competition all around that even if one of the manufacturer is out , there are 3 other 's who are in fray to capture it and thus increase their customer share .

Let me introduce an example to enhance my claim .
I would consider the Indian market for this .
In India , a decade ago there was only one car giant called Maruti Udyog Limited ( MUL ) .
Even MUL has consolidated its position by throwing out old indegenous players like Hindustan Motors or foreign players like Fiat .
In less than 5 years of gaining supremacy MUL faced stiff challange from local manufaturers like TATA Motors or foreign companies like Daewoo , Hyundai , General Motors , Honda etc .
Cut to 2006 , we see hundereds of car models flooded in Indian market and many more roaring to get in .
In a time when people are saying that globalization is at its best do we see this trend to decline .
No ways !
Its ought to increase .

Let me introduce yet another point to strengthen my argument .
Today the cost of living across the world is at very high .
People are lavishly spending money on the materials they like to posses and belive me this is a trend which is not going to stop .
Generation by generation it has continued and it will do so for the next twenty , thirthy or hundered years .
As a result people will buy cars to show of their status and thus unkowingly support me in my claim .

People may argue my point with the fact that fuels i.e. petrol and diesel are rapidly depleting and with depleting fuel reserves it would be difficult for cars to survive for next tewnty years and thus reducing the number of cars .
But with the advancement of technology , today , market is flooded with hybrid cars which can run both on conventinal fuels as well as electricity .
I agree that this may be expensive option currently but the pace with which technology is progressing and the amount of competition the market has , I see a drastic reduction in their prices .
Once the prices are down how can we stop people from buying cars which would be their best bet in terms of money and in terms of reducing pollution .

Thus , I would reiterate that in the shrinking world of globalization the days are not far when we will be out there buying a small size car to move rapidly between diffrent rooms in our homes .
Now , with such an encrhoachment , do we see that in next twenty years there would be fewer cars .
Again my mind says , `` IN YOUR DREAMS '' .
It is my personal opinion that one should have a broad knowledge of several academic subjects till he attains a certain level of maturity , after which it makes perfect sense to specialize in one specific subject .
For instance , at the school level , it is very important to ensure that students have a balanced development by gaining broad knowledge of all major academic disciplines .
At the university level , however , students can start specializing in their chosen area of interest .
This specialization can be further narrowed down to a specific niche area as one progresses with his studies .
A preliminary knowledge of all subjects will make an individual a balanced human being , with the capacity to appreciate and understand all fields of study .
eg. a knowledge of basic mathematics will ensure that an arts major develops the capacity for logical reasoning whereas taking a few courses in music will make a physics major more receptive to the beauty of the fine arts .
A basic knowledge of all subjects would also help an individual to ascertain where his interests lie and enable him to select the discipline he would like to specialize in .
After a certain level , however , it would become necessary to specialize in a specific area of study .
This would give an individual an opportunity to cultivate his personal interests and would also give him the depth of knowledge required to get down to research work .
This would ultimately add to the knowledge bank in that particular area of study .

To summarize , I believe that a broad knowledge of many subjects is important to begin with , but for any real value addition to one 's personal academic pursuits as well as the discipline he studies , it is necessary that he specializes in it and gains in depth knowledge in that specific subject .
Once I took an oral exams and it was not going as well as I expected .
In the end the professor said to me : `` I can see you have learned the topic but you have not studied it ! ''

What did he mean with this sentence ?
Well , I learned all the facts and examples from his lecture but during the exam I couldn ' t transfer them to the systems he asked me about - it just was n't enough .

So if someone asks me if it was more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than merely learning facts .
I would tell him the following : Depending in which field you are studying in facts and numbers change very rapidly over the years , so getting the whole concepts might be the better approach .
Then it is very easy to get certain facts using the world wide web , but getting the right use out of them or find the right application is a thing you have to learn and be trained with .

And then , if you understand the idea behind a process rather than learning the dull facts , the knowledge is preserved much better within your brain .
Most important of all if you get the ideas and concepts you can derive abstract methods that can adopted to new situations and systems .
Therefore they are more valuable than mere facts .
But as always it is n't as black and white as it may seem in the first place .
Allthough I would put the stress on understanding the whole picture more than just the details , facts and examples can help you especially during the learning process .

In the end Ideas and concepts backed with a few numbers and examples give you a round profile and help you being a good student and becoming a competent worker , scientist , engineer or what else you choose to become .
I agree that most adertisements do make products seem much better than they really are .
In my opinion , the purpose of advertisements have already decided their nature - to attract more customers , no matter how to get it done .
Businesses want their advertisements to make a good impression to people , and to lead people to believe that their products are better than others .
I have found numerous ways that businesses use to achieve this purpose .

Some advertisements intentionally give you the `` good points '' of a product while hiding the actual , sometimes more important , limitations or disadvantages of the product .
For example , some credit card company claims in its advertisements that its credit card service has 0 % APR ( annual payment to the service ) .
However , when customers subscribe to the service excitedly , they find that there are actually other fees with different names associated to the service , which are not mentioned at all in the advertisements .
In this way , the company successfully lead people to believe that their service is cheaper than others , while in fact it might be more expensive .

Another way to trick the people watching advertisements is to make invalid or incomplete comparisons with other companies ' products .
For example , some computer retailer compares his computers with the computers being sold by another retailer .
However , it only compares the features that his computers are better at , while ignoring other important features that might limit the performance of them compared to the other product .
However , people who watch this advertisement often have no expert knowledge of what features are important to computers , thus getting tricked to believe what the advertisements say .

Sometimes , advertisements even use deceptive means to attract customers .
For example , a clothes-selling store gives an advertisement that it will give a sale on Saturday .
It then lists several prices of certain clothes compared to their prices a few days ago .
However , the store actually increased the original price to make a bigger difference in the prices , which deceives customers .

There 're many more ways that advertisements exploit to make their products better than they really are .
In fact , most advertisements do .
Yes , I agree with the statement repsreesnted by this short phrase .
This statement cites two important aspects of the learning phase that a student faces when studying : first of all memorizing facts , and last but not latter , extract from facts the concepts and the ideas behind them .

Both are important in the learnig process , that cannot be accomplished fully withount each of them : they are like two sides of the same coin .
Although that , one of them is more imprtant than the other .
The statement means that students must not stop working and thinking when they have acquired the information presented by books or lectures , but they must go over , and gain a deeper comprehension on what they have memorized .

I think that , when we start learning something new , its useful to begin from facts , that may be easy to remember and useful for fixing important data .
So , we gain a fist impression , or a whole image of the topic , useful for further analysis .

Next , we must go on , because learning is n't only that : the student must pay attention on the concept behind the facts and data he has learned .
That data give us a background that must be used for building a deeper knowledge , that require each of us a harder personal work .
Only in that way we can obtain a more abstract idea of the field of human knowledge he is studing , and obtain a general view on the topic , broader than the one depicted by the facts he meet in the beginning .

Attendig a reading in a class , adn interact with professors and other students can stimulate thi process , and I think that after this work has been ruled out , it becames easier to remember the concepts : basing our knowledge only on facts , readings , and so on that where memorized can be an error , because in the long term our memory might not be good as in youth , and the hard work we have done can became
I respectfully disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I see that many of my young friends are engaged in something that is ultimately aimed to helping their communities .
For example , some of them do social work , including helping homeless , elderly people and disables .
They want to feel socially useful and helping the others ultimately make them feel closer to the community they live in .
They are so enthusiastic about their social work that they try to make as much time as possible to dedicate to it .
I have done and continue to do social work myself .
However , time is never enough , particularly if one considers that social work is generally unpaid .
My friends and I do social work in our spare time .
In fact all of us have different main jobs , which are important to pay the bills ( but working to pay the bills is not always just enough ) .
Some other friends of mine are engaged in local politics .
They believe that they can change their society in a way that is more suitable to their values and reality .
They have therefore decided to play an active role in shaping local politics .
This is not an easy task , at least where I come from .
Existing politics belong to a different generation and generally view younger people as too unexperienced for politics .
On the contrary , I see young people 's political commitment as just another way to helping their communities .
And is n't it true that politics should be the expression of democracy and participation of all citizens ( including young people ) to our society ?

On the basis of these examples , taken out of my personal experience , I believe that young people more and more try to find time to helping their communities , because they want to change the reality they live in .
However , my experience may well be different from other realities and other parts of the world , where the participation of young people in their communities is limited .
I feel that helping their communities can be very rewarding for young people who make time for that .
At least this is what I have seen in my own experience .
It is generally hold as true that young people enjoy life more than older peolple do .
Magazine articles explaining how to enrich your life are mainly addressed to young people .
In the movies telling stories about different ways of life full of adventures , the actors are young most of the time .
The viewers are generally the youth again .
It is widely accepted by the public that the young people strive to make the most of their lives more than the elderly do .

One of the reasons for this conception is that young people , of couse , have more energy than the older people do .
They have more energy to travel from one place to another , to explore different cultures and countries , to do sports from swimming to playing football from climbing to other extreme sports .
They also feel more energetic than older people when it comes to taking part in different kinds of social activities like dancing or going out at night for a party .

Another reason suppoting this point of view is that older people have a much wider exprerience than the young ones .
Let us take a family for example .
The parents are always less fastidious in making decisions where to travel for vacation , whereas the children are more enthusiastic .
A father will not enjoy playing football as much as his son does .
A child will be more excited on his first day at school than his mother or father on their first day of a new job .
The reason behind all these is that older people have already experinced all these occasions .
While a young person is experiencing something general in life for the very fisrt time , a grown up will not be enjoying as much as the young one does .
Furthermore more , it is psychologically proved that the more times one expreriences some kind of occasion that provokes different feelings , the more he gets used to it .

Consequently , young people do enjoy life more than older people do because they have much more energy and enthusiasm to experience something new , which provides them with different feelings each time .
I do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Life enjoying has nothing to do with age .
It does not depend on the activities a person does , but on the feelings he has .

It is true that young people have more chances to experience different activities and to meet different people .
They are usually more open to learn from other people and to perform new activities .
Young people can meet new people at school , at work or at the clubs and bars .
They are also physically able to do sports , to travel to ` unsafe ' places , and to go to long-lasting parties .
This kind of activities can be good sources of joy and happiness .

But older people do not have to experience different activities or to meet different people to enjoy life .
As well as they get older , they identify what kind of activities provide them the most joy .
They also learn who are their true friends .
Older people stop worrying about everyday problems and start understanding the things that matter .
They have more time to spend with the family : they can enjoy their children and greatchildren more than they did while young .
They have more time to travel ( to ` safe ' places ) and to see their true friends .

I believe that the secret for life enjoying is to understand every age and not to try to take back time .
People who understand every moment as a unique opportunity to be happy can enjoy life when they are old as well as they did when they were younger .
And it is not a theoretical belief : I know old people who have enjoyed life only by understanding every moment .
My grandfather is a good example : he is 80 years old .
Everytime I see him he is smiling , everytime he remembers the past he smiles , and everytime he thinks about the future he smiles .
I want to live my life that way : I want to take the best of time with friends , with my family , at work and at the University in order to enjoy every second .
People always have liked to travel , but there are two principal ways to do that , travel in a group led by a tour guide or travel alone .
Both ways have advantages and disadvantages .

When people travel in a group , they have to follow all the instructions of the tour guide .
They have to start and finish the experience at the same hour , and if somebody does not like the rule , he can not do anything for achieve his wish .
There is no freedom .
For example , in the Rome 's tour , there is not time to visit all the places in the city , the tour only visits the Coliseum and The Vatican .

However , if you like the speech from the tour guide , you can enjoy the experience a lot , because you do not have to look for the interesting sites and its history or its data , the tour guide provides it them to you .
This way to travel is so easy and comfortable .

Altough many people prefer the way to travel alone , because they do not have to follow another group .
They decide all that they will do by themselves .

They use a map , a tourists book or the advices of some friends .
They visit all the places that they want and stay there one day or one year .
In this way to travel you can spent your time or your money in your deepest wishes , your doubts about some places and cultures or attending your necessities .

In my opinion , I think that it is the best way to travel , because I have the freedom to chose what site I will visit , what food I will eat , what time I will spent and at what hour I will wake up and I will start my experience .
For example , I want to visit Quintana Roo but the group led by a tour guide probably visit Cancun in the morning not either Tulum in the midnight .
The idea in question is that whether young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities or not .
I personally feel that the statement is valid and absolutely true .
The benevolence and the kind of caring that young people posses have dwindled down the years .

Firstly , Young people are faced with stiff competition from their peers nowadays than they previously faced .
This requires them to work very hard in order to earn a decent job and to even have a dignified life .
Young people of late , being over burdened , are obsessed with their own lives and the adage ` the survival of the fittest ' is becoming more and more appropriate and hence they have very little time to devote to the society .
The community matters are clearly second preference subjects for them .

Secondly , set aside the young people , the ethical and moral values and feelings of attachment with society have reduced over the years in all people both young and old .
Today , we boast of internet facilites and other advances of technology that help us to easily keep in touch with a large number of people but we are hardly bothered about the person who lives the next door !
All segments of the society , whether young or old , have become more egotistic and insouciant to the needs of their community .
And hence young people have naturally followed this trend of being indifferent .

Lastly , the communities nowadays are many times larger than the communities that had existed previously .
In older communities , every member of the community knew every other member and they coexisted like the members of the same family .
But in modern times , small communities are replaced by gigantic metros and cosmos where millions of people dwell and hence the community , which is typically a small congregation of people with shared interests , is displaced by huge groups of people that can no longer be logically called communities !
People have diverse interests and thus there is a drastic decrease in their interdependancy and the need to co-operate .
Thus , young people who are a subset of the these people have become naturally inconsiderate about the needs of their communities .

To sum up , I feel that the statement ` young people nowadays do not pay any heed to their communities ' is indubitably true .
Young people in the modern times have become narcissitic and more selfish .
They put themselves first and are more concerned about personal gains rather that progress of the community as a whole .
`` Young people nowadays '' , this is a dangerous expression to start a thesis .
It carries a negative tone , a musty `` In my days people knew how to behave ... '' flavour , older than ancient Greece .
It is hard not to disagree with anything starting that way .

Refering to the statement as such , one has to differenciate .
There are a lot of young people engaged in activities dentrimental to society .
This certainly should change .
And there is never enough time spent in helping the community , most social organisation are working at the very limits of their resources and barely scratching the surface of the problems they try to remedy .
But that is true for all age groups .
Furthermore social engagement is not considered very `` cool '' by most young people .
But there are notable exeptions and a lot of sport groups , boy scouts or Christian ( or any other religion ) youth organisations wo n't work without the time and efforts devoted by teenagers and people in their early twenties .
So I think the main problem is to recruit more people into social engagement , regardless of their age .
Society has to change it 's attitude towards helping the community to achieve this , not just the young generations .

Therefore I do not agree with the statement as stated above .
Some people say that young people have more fun in life than the elderly .
In my opinion these people are absolutely right in saying that .
Besides of body weakness and deseases their are a number of reasons why young people have more possibilities to really enjoy life .

Although already mentioned in the introduction , I want to underline the importance of physical fitness once again .
Not only that older peole are far more often sick , their bodies are just not functionning the way young bodies do .
This is examplified in sports .
In my opinion sports are very important for the quality of one 's life .
There is no denying the fact , that the elderly do not perform as well in sports as younger people .
One can see this in professional sports .
It happens rarely that a person older than 35 is playing soccer in German Bundesliga .
Moreover old people often have to quit doing sports because of physical problems .
Another aspect regarding physical fitness is the time of recovering after a desease or an injury .
It just takes far more time for older people to recover completely .

An addional important advantage of young people is that they still have so many things to experience .
Young people can learn every day new things .
Not only in an educational way .
The youngers have a lot more opportunities to get to know new friends .
People in that age connect much easier .

Furthermore as a young person one does not have as many commitments .
Old people are often settled and living a very organized life .
In contrast , young people can decide to study and live abroad for a certain time - or forever - without having to discuss this with a wife and children .
You are just more independant .

To come to a conclusion , I am very happy being young .
I still have the opportunity to enjoy my life as much as possible .
This does not mean that I am affraid of getting older .
I just think that I have to do certain things now as I will not be able to do them later - when I am one of the elderly .
In my opinion , young people today do not dedicate enough time to helping their communities .
There are a few reasons for this , which have come about as a result of the changes in society and the outlooks that these young people have !
Most reasons centre around the issue of time that is available to perform such activities , while there are some that pertain to the psychological outlook of the person .

Today 's youth are too caught up in simply achieving things for their selfish needs .
A strong assertion , no doubt , but parental pressure , peer pressure and hence the need to deliver results in an ever-so widenening world with large numbers of competitors puts a strain on the individual .
He/she is simply left with no time to cope with mundane things , leave alone the community he/she lives in !
Additionally , lives lead by some of the youth today are too fast paced for them to be worried about the community they reside in .
Any free time available at their disposal will go to satisfying their personal needs .
The community , unfortunately , thus ranks very low in terms of priority !
A personal example can help throw some light in this matter ; Being a full time student leaves me very little time to allow myself to indulge in my music , which is a favourite hobby .
Why would I spend it unselfishly on the community ?

This leaves us with the system of education in the scheme of public service .
A good , if not decent , education would inculcate certain values that would result in the develpoment of a complete individual , who is part of , and thus sees himself/herself to be responsible for the community they live in .
This does not seem to happen as effectively as it is expected to be .
Many students go through their school and ultimately entire lives blind to the help that their communities are crying out for !
Is it not the fundamental responsibilty of these schools to ensure that the youth be made aware and proactive in this regard ? !

To conclude , I would like to say that an awareness of the advantages a person who helps his community has over a person who does n't engage in such activities , needs to be brought , not mention certain changes in their hectic work schedules as well !!
Nowadays , people start to begin frightened about the fact that pehaps in the next century , there won t be enought oil or petrol and so that it will be impossible to use cars anymore .

I believe that it is probable that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I think the most important fact is that people strart to pay more attention at how and when they use their cars because there are a lot of problems with countries which have the oil .
And another important point is that the ressourses of oil have decreased considerably these last few years .

In addition to that the governement of my country try to sensibilize citizens to the fact that cars pollute a lot and it is very bad for the environement .
Nature begins to take an important place in a lot of goverenemental decisions which could also deacrease the number of cars .

However , for some the idea to not use the car is somethings unrealistic and unbelievable .
These people do not care about the environement , and for them it doesn t matter if they pollute .
So they are going to use their cars .

Futhermore , perhaps , some new energies could be created such as electric or sun energies , which don t need oil and don t pollute and so that they could be used by the drivers .
In both points , there will not be a decrease of cars in the streets , because it would be new ones with new kind of energies .

In conclusion , I think that there will be the same amounts of cars in the streets .
Nevertheless , I believe that with the new technology and the decrease of oil in the wolrd , it will be new cars which don t need oil as energy .
I also hope people would try to use less theirs cars even if they pollute less .
It would be better for the environement .
In Japan , where I live , some people agree with the opinion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
But I disagree with that opinion because of the following reasons ; it is not enough time to learn many academic subjects indeed ; people can not understand many academic subjects simultaneously ; people can live by using only one specifc subject .

It might be true that it is better to have borad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
However , those who say that we should follow that opinion fail to address several important issues .

First , we do not have adequate time to learn many academic subjects in school .
For example , my brother , Takahumi was very interested ethics in his high school days because he thought that ethics was one of the most important subjects that people should learn .
But as he had to learn about twelve subjects simlutaneously , ethics was held once in a week .
Under this situation , he graduated from his high school without understanding ethics fully .
I believe that high school should give students many times a week to the specific subject which students want to learn .

Furthermore , people can not understand many academic subjects simlutaneously .
For example , my sister , Takako liked to learn world history in her junior high school days .
But after entering a high school , she said to me that she was bad at world history .
I asked her a reason why .
She told me that she have to learn many subjects in her high school and do many homeworks of them simultaneously and she do not have enough time to read text book of world history during her freetime in advance .

Finally and most importantly , however , people can live by using only one subject .
For example , I entered Tokyo univeisity which is the most difficult university in Japan in 1992 by taking examinations about six subjects , that is , math , English , Japanese language , Japanese history , world history , physics , science .
Then , I learned many subjects in my university .
But after graduating my university , I 've not used the knowledge of most subjects which I learned in my school days .
As I am working at the Investment division in a financial institution , it is adequate for me to work there by knowing the specific knowledge about math .
I feel strongly that I should learn much more specific knowledge about math .
So , people should consentrate not many subjects but one specific subject .

Therefore , on the basis of the facts discussed above , I find that we should agree with the opinion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjects .
It is better to have a broad knowledge of many acadenic subjects our days .
I think that because today , no matter what you do you never know for how long you will still be doing to do that .
Everything can change in just a month today .
If you look back 100 years ago , thinks were differnent , people only learned one job and kept on doing that job for their whole life .
Back than people mostly even passed on that job to their kids but today it is a lot different .
People are not that much devided into classes anymore which gives everyone an oppertunity to do what they want .
Of course it is harder for a person who grows up in a bad neighberhood to become a lets say a proffesor but society and the law would allow him to do so .

I am writing this from a western European point of view , I guess there are countries that might not have this freedom jet .
In Europe or in any developed country the competion for a working place is increasing , that is why I think it can only be helpful to know as much as possible , to be able to compete with others that are capable of doing the same work .

In countries like France or Germany it is getting really important to be well educated because if one is not educated it can happen that he would have a hard time getting a job because since the borders are opened , European Union workers can come from every where and work for less money .
For myself it is important to catch as much knowledge as I could possibly get .
That is also one of the reasons why I am sitting here writing this essay .

I guess people could argue that if one knows something very well he will always find a job but unfortunetly there is no safe job anymore .
I just resently red that even jurnalism is not a safe job anymore because of all the internet pages where everyone can submit his experiences .
I do n't agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Even though young ages looks like the best times for enjoying life , very few young people are aware of that .
They just try to solve the vast problems of growing at that ages .
But older people gain wisdom with time and have the ability of enjoying life .

A lot of people 's memories about their young ages are full of problems and struggles of life .
At least mine is like that .
Because young age means growing and not only your age grows but also your responsibilities grow .
You do n't have the time to enjoy life .
You have homeworks , girl/boy friends and a family to deal with .
And it is not an easy task for you because you have learn from the beginning .
If ever you manage to overcome the problems of young age , you do n't have the necessary wisdom to enjoy life .

On the other hand , old ages are the best times for enjoying life .
The very struggles that kept you away from enjoying life is gone .
There may be some problems but at old ages people have wisdom and experience to deal with these new problems .
And wisdom brings happiness .
Old people look life in a different perspective than young people .
They know that life is not just a constant struggle .
In a way they make peace with everything ; themselves , other people , and the life itself .

So , I think that old people enjoy life more than young people .
Young ones do n't have necessary wisdom to enjoy life but people eventually gain wisdom by time and learn how to enjoy life .
So old people enjoy life more than
Well , I kinda disagree with the statement given because in my opinion you ca n't really understand ideas and concepts if you do n't have a good knowledge about facts , and viceversa .
So , I think they both are important for students .
For example , if a teacher would clear concepts such as socialism or comunism in an history class , he will of course need to explain and let students understand ideas and concepts of these two important subjects , but he would n't give his students a complete preparation on that without taking consideration of the facts , like the fact that following this ideas and concepts the Russian post Warsaw-pact ( and all its satellite 's countries ' ) economy have fallen because it was n't possible to rule a country with that kind of principles .

I am sure that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts , so that they can take their decisions and follow or ignore some of them to finally have their own ideas and concepts to grow their capability to interact and agree or disagree with other people in a wide range of fields .

But I would n't say that this is more important than learning facts , because if you have your ideas and concepts but ca n't use them for they do n't fit with reality nor with what history tells us , you will never be able to bring an interesting point of view about any topic given .

So a good balanced preparation both in the `` ideas and concepts-area '' and in the `` facts learning-area '' will give the students the best way to take decisions , have their own ideas to fight for , make up their minds ( why not ? ! )
and finally feel free to talk about any subject without feeling ignorant or frustrated because of their lack of knowledge about ideas and concepts or because of a fact itself .
Travelling in a group led by a tour guide have many advantages .
First of all , it 's the easiest way to learn about the new country , and it 's culture , you are travelling in .
Most of the time , the tour guide has also many good advices , like where are the good spots located and what can be done , or what should n't be .
You also probably feel more secure by travelling with a tour guide , than by travelling on your own .
But despite all those advantages , i got to say that for me , there is nothing like travelling alone .
Because a trip must have a part of adventure , i mean you do n't really travel to feel secure , you travel to experience something new , you travel to discover new peoples , new cultures , new feelings , you travel to feel free , wich you really ca n't do when there is a tour guide telling you what to do and where to go ( eventhough it 's better for you ) .
But most of all , what i really would n't like to do , is travelling in a group .
I remember when i was in Africa with my dad , travelling on our own , when we met all those groups of french tourist with their guides .
They were probably sleeping on better hostels than we did , their trip was probably way more `` comfortable '' than ours , but i bet this was less interesting .
And is n't paradoxical to travel , wich mean to leave your country , to be surrounded by people from the same country ?
What 's the purpose ?
I 'd rather stay in France to be surrounded by french people ...

Finally i would say that even if it appears easiest to travel in a group led led by a tuor guide , you will never learn the the same things than by travelling on your own .
And to me travelling is about learning >
I am agree with the statement that advertisements generally give wrong information about their products .
If a particular product is launched then genarally companies advertise their product to people so that people buy their product more .
An advertisment expalain about a particular product .
It should tell about the pro and cone of it .
But it can be put into negative use also .
Below I will explain for what kind of product genrally companies give false advertisement .

In competing market generally the company says better things about a product in it 's advertisement .
There might be some competing products , which are already there in the market and a company come up with the same kind of product .
The company tries to sell it 's poduct more .
So in it 's information they genrally put false information about their product so that their product looks nicer than the rival product .
I 'm giveing one example below .

You can see this kind of trend more in cosmetic industry .
Every hair shampoo is more or less same .
They all contain the same amount of chemical in it .
But still every company come up with different advantages of their shampoo .
They says that thier shampoo is more effective that the other .

Sometimes it also happen that company make cheaper product and try to sell them at higher prices .
To do this they make false advertisemnt about their product .
You can see this kind of advertisements for duplicate products .
You can see this when a roaming salesperson come into your home for selling his product .
Gennerally they give wrong information about the product and try to sell them at a high price .

It also happen that sometimes an advertisement says only good things about a product .
They hide away the bad thing .
For an example , say someone wants to sell slipping pills .
The advertisement says that the sleeping pill is good , it will give you a good night sleep .
But that sleeping pill might cause other symptoms also .
The advertisement is not going to tell you about that .

But you ca n't say all of the advertisements give false information .
Some of the advertisement really give helpful information about a product .
We should analyze an advertisement only on it 's true values .
Travelling , visiting different countries and meeting various kinds of people is my hobby since my childhood .
Since both of my parents are journalist , I have an opportunity to travel a lot .
Depending my huge experiences in travelling ( you can call me expert ) , I strongly believe that the best and the funniest way to travel in a small group , preferably close friends who knows each other very well , led by consensus of that group .
This short essay will explain why I prefer travelling in a small group is n't led by tour guide and disagree with the given statement in the question .

First of all , travelling times are supposed to be the most enjoyable times of the people since they are away from their jobs , responsibilities .
In these kinds of times , people should spend their times with the friends because in the routine of the life , we share limited times with them .

Secondly , buying informative books about the geography , history of the places that we travel is much more accurate information for me than trusting on the knowledge of a tour guide that we do n't know whether or not s/he is expert on the region .

Thirdly , travelling in a group that does n't know each other very well may cause irritating problems .
For example , last summer I joined a tour to Turkey , led by a tour guide ( unfortunately ! )
and we waited for exactly three hours for a person who was shoppin , ignoring the people who were waiting for her .
We lost very valuable hours by only sitting in the bus because our tour guide told us so !!

Fourthly , chatting with the people that you are n't gonna see them in the future and wasting your time by listening their childhood or their relationships with their husband/wife is another thing that affect my opion about travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
In my style of travelling , you can chat with your friends and also listen them because you are caring for them .
They are your friends , not the aliens that you have to spend days with .

Last but not least , deciding together with a consensus about what doing next is much more better than taking directives from a tour guide .
It is your holiday and somebody tries to decide your schedule .
In my view , it is unacceptable .
I believe in democracy and freedom of individual and even by a tour guide , I do n't want to be governed .

To sum it up , I definetly prefer travelling with a group of my friends and we do n't need any tour guide because our hearts and minds are our guides .
There is a growth in population .
Year by year , the estimated number of people on earth is multiplying .
With this pupluation outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people .
Also , people are getting lazier each year and they will need a form of transportation to move them around .
For those reasons , I think that in twenty years there will be many more cars in use than there are today .

It has been mentioned in more than one official estimate that there is an uncontrollable population growth in the world .
In under-developed countries such as the South Asian countries , for example India and Pakistan , a normal family consists of six to eight children .
In gulf countries such as Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Qatar or Bahrain , a family is considered big only if the number of children exceeds six .
Now multiply those number with the numbers of families in each country and calculate how many people will be present in the world in twenty years .
Imagine how life would be if fewer cars were used .
How will people move from one location to another ?

Some argue that there are laws these days preventing families from having too many babies .
For instance , the Chinese law that states that no family should have more than one child .
Even with those laws , one cannot stop the rapid growth in population .
Another arguement proposed is that women these days are choosing not to marry for they have more job opportunities and can live independantly .
New estimates show that the number of women is larger the number of men so even if 25 % of the women in the world decide not to marry , there will still be 75 % who are willing to settle down with a husband and have as many children as he wants .
Population growth will continue to be a problem and more cars will have to be produces to satisfy the people .

Unfortunately , each generation produced is lazier than the generation before it .
By the time we reach the year 2026 ( keeping in mind that the year now is 2006 ) , the level of laziness will reach its peak .
This is really sad but it is a fact that we must leard to deal with .
People at that time in the future would n't want to move around on foot , or bicycles or any other form of transportation that would tire them .
The only way to solve this problem is by having more cars to satisfy the needs of the generation will come .
As my mother would always say , `` What a lazy generation ! ''
If that is what she keeps on saying about the present generation , imagine how it would be twenty years from now .

It has been said that because of the population growth , there must be fewer cars .
Imagine life with so many cars !
Pollution will certainly be a problem , the streets will be much more crowded and people will have problems reaching their destinations in time for important meetings or deadlines .
As much as I am aware of this problem we have to shine light on another important point .
Men are very lazy .
They would n't want to walk to reach their goal or ride the bike .
Unless a new method for transportation is invented that will not tire out the new generation , more cars will have to be present by that time .

Population growths and the laziness of new generations are two main factors that will increase the number of cars that will roam the streets in the future .
I am fully aware of the problems that will occur because of this but one cannot live in denial all of his life .
We need more cars .
How else are we going to move around ?
Unless a new solution is proposed for transporting comfortably from one place to another , cars will continue to multiply in number as people do .
Along with the development of mass media and mass culture came the development of advertisement , helping to create what is called `` the consumer society '' .
Advertisement is supposed to make you buy a product , it is a message that makes the product appealling so that you buy it .
In order to do so , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

It is a very common experience to be disapointed by what you just bought .
I just bought an MP3 player because it looked great on the advertisement but I discovered that it does not work with many computers .
This is the time when one says `` it looked so much better in the commercial '' .
Advertisements are not to be blame for that because it is their very purpose : to make you buy .
In order to do so , it has to show what is best in the product .
It is very rare to see a commercial that will ill-speak of a product .
It does exist and it is called `` negative publicity '' but even this is a form of advertisement .
Most of the time an advertisement will just focus on what is great about a product .

If advertisements sometimes make products seem much better than they really are , advertisements are not allowed to lie about the product .
If they do , the advertisement company can be sued for `` false advertisement '' .
That means that an advertisement never really lies but just shows the product in a way that makes you want to buy it .

Having realized that it is the very role of advertisement to show products under their most appealling appearance , perhaps one should consider the consumer 's responsibility .
Indeed one should not always take for granted what is said in a commercial .
It is his responsability to use his critical sens and not be misguided by advertisements .
This is a lesson I learned the rough way !
Life is worth to live .
Young people live it more lively and older people live it in a more plain way within their physical limits , but they woud have lived it lively when they were young .

I agree with this statement that young people enjoy life more as compared to older people .
Young people are more energetic and more ambitious in their youth .
They have the desire to bring sky down .
Young people have the quality of persistence that is to keep trying to achieve their goal .
This ability of theirs helps them to enjoy life and face all the hardships whatever comes on their way .
For eg. : Youths always try new methods of entertainment which is full of dangers and risks .
Like Bungee Jump , car race etc .
Young people are always open to new ideas and they have the desire to explore the world .
They implement new thoughts in teir way of living and enjoy life to the full .

At the same time old people are not able to enjoy more in life .
They spend most of the time in the memories of what they did in their young age .
They are even not physically fit to do all the activities which a youth can do .
In the old age the ability of persistence reduces .
Old people dont have the desire to compete with the world to get the best .
They always remain happy in what they have and in the way how they live .
They are never open to new modern ideas and are not able to enjoy life as compared to youths .

Finally i would like to say that , i am not against the old people .
These are the people when young developed new ideas which the youg generation of this age is following and enjoying .
` Everything that glitter is not gold. ' summarizes my feeling on the subject very well .
This statement can not be more true in today 's world where advertisement makes every thing look so good and glamorus to intice people to go and buy them only to realize latter that they have been tricked and fooled .

Advertising is an art of selling things or rather presenting things to the customers , that is us the poor gullible people , in a way that makes them irresistable and desirble , larger than life , so that we will be compelled to buy them .
They , the advertisers stop or rather stoop at nothing to do so , at times even relying on little white lies , its only after you get the product and try it that you realize that it is not all ` gold ' .

The best example of it is the weight loss products that are there in the market which claim to make you lose weight in matters of days , they also have celebrity people vouching for the product , its only after you get them that you realize how dificult it is to lose weight as those products do not do the wonder trick they claim on you .
At times you would realize after buying those that they contain substances which are infact harmful for your body .

The other ones which particularly infuriates me are the cleaning supplies product which claim that they can remove any stain from any surface without any effort `` just spray and wipe '' , you buy them get home hopeful to see all the stains dissappear from your carpet but lo and behold even after half an hour of intense scrubbing post spray those stains are still mocking at you .

The other are the products which make you look younger more beautiful , restore your hair , teach you new skills in no time .
The list of such advertising can just go on and on but I guess they have their reasons for doing that but wish it was not at poor customers expense and that they could present things in their true forms .

But then would n't the world be perfect hmm ....
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing things that they already know how to do well .
I actually agree to this argument the reasons being the following .

Success doesnt come to any person overnigt .
It is achieved by an individual through dedication , hardwork and knowledge .
Few people think that success is got only by luck , I do agree to this but it happens very rarely and the success that is achieved by mere luck isnt permanent at all .
Any person wo has tasted the essence of success consecutively for a coule of times would have learnt it only by the hard and straight way .

A successful person would have tested all the possibilities to achieve success .
He would have exploited soo many possibilites that he wouldnt get scared to go on taking new risks since he knows that before he takes that risk he needs to do some study on the same cause knowledge is an imporatant path to success .
I would say that his attitude towards the situation is also an important key to success .
He would'nt ever say that a problem is difficult cause if it was'nt difficult it would'nt be called a problem at all .

When a successful person chooses to take a risky path for example take over a company which is going on loss .
The person will surely analyze the reasons for the failure and once the reasons for failure are found out it is quite easy to be rectified .
Since that person knows how to approach things in a systematic way he brings the company back to form without any doubt .
There are many real time examples of successfull companies buying smaller companies running in loss for less value and then developing the company to such a position that it sees so much profit in the frst year of purchase itself .

We see that there are so many successful companies that are experts in a certain product like for example detergents would jump into introducing a shampoo product and gain lot of profit through the same .
Hence iam sure any successful person would try new things since they will want to taste more of success in every field they enter and that too with new ideas and experiments .

Hence summing up all the above said points I would say that a successful person would surely seek different ways to carry on with his success cause he knows the tactis .
Above all he also knows the three key points dedication , hardwork and knowledge combined with the right attitude lead to the success of any person in any field .
Students often have to learn a lot of things in their studies .
The basis for them is to learn the facts and then to understand ideas and concepts behind these ideas .

So it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because it is impossible for students to keep all facts in mind , because they would not be able to connect the facts they have learned in one subject with the facts of another subject and because they would not be able to interpret all the facts ' consequences .

Of course it depends on a student 's course how many facts he or she has to learn but in 4 years of study , there are a lot of facts which are impossible to keep them all in mind .

I study history and I am now in the 6th semester .
Each day we learn a lot of facts and dates .
I , personally , know only about a 10th of all facts and dates I have heard during my studies .
And these 10 % are already a lot .

Moreover a student would not be able to connect the facts he or she has learned in one subject with the facts he or she has learned in another subject .
The student would not see a dependency or other relations between two facts .

A friend of mine e.g. studies economy .
There he has to learn facts in finance and facts in marketing .
One might think that these two subjects have nothing in common but it might happen that something has to be calculated in Marketing in the same way it has to be done in finance .
Here would be a relation which a student who only learns facts , would not see .

Then the interpretation of the facts ' consequences is important .
The students have to know how some e.g. key numbers are created .
It might happen that they are not true .

All in all it is to say that the basis of studying are the facts .
Without these facts it would be impossible to come to new ideas and concepts .
But more important are ideas and concepts to see behind the facts and to discuss them .
Only by learning facts this would be impossible .
The student would not be able to connect facts of several subjects and he would not be able to see the facts ' consequences .
Young people often in general have a bad image .
They only want to make party , they make a lot of noise , they do not really care about their future and they do not invest any of their time to help their communities .
This is a opinion that is pretty widespread , especially under elderly people .
But is that really true ?
Is our youth that much spoiled and destroyed ?

I think there are also many situations which show exactly the opposite .
Especially in the united states , where volunteer work has a very high meaning , many young people spend much of their free time helping communities .
They work with children , they work with elderly people or they engage in protecting the environment .
In those states , volunteer work is highly admired and schools would support it a lot .
Probably in european countries like switzerland or germany , this is not really the case .
Volunteer work is not that commun and it might not be that often the case that young people engage in it .
This can also be a result by the fact that schools do not support it enough and do not make it popular enough .

But very often , helping the communities may also be acted out in a form , that is not that formal or public as it is when a individual does volunteer work .
For instance it might also be a helpful act of young people when they help an elder individual crossing the street .
Or when they show them how to use a ticket machine at a train station .
So all the helpful acts can also be acted out in daily life .
For sure , such acts are often done by young people , but that is not really recognized because it is not that public .

Assumed that young people in our days really do not help their communities enough .
What could be a reason for it ?
It might be that young people are just under more pressure than they were in ancient times .
The economy is not that stable at the moment , jobs are rather rare and one has to work against a lot of competitors to find his job position .
Therefore a lot of effort has to be put into working on the career and make sure that one finds a good working place .
It often can be the case that there is simply not enough time left to do some social work .
And in our material western society , finances and a wealthy life are for most of the people more important than conducting a social life .

Based on all those facts .
I agree that young people generally do not put so much effort into helping their communities in a public form .
For instance they do not help a lot in the church or in childcare or in environmental groups .
But probably they do a more hidden kind of helping their communities simply by acting out some social acts in their daily life .
In this period of time advertisements have a very strong impuls and influence in people 's lives .

First of all I have to say that I was born in this generation where the industry more or less cannot survive without advertisements .

From sharing experiences with my mother and reading magazines from the '' sixties '' , even back then advertisements played a big role in selling products .
I agree with the fact that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because that 's the best way to win customers .

Human beings of course , only want to see , touch , feel , smell ..
etc. the best a product can offer with the senses God gave them .

Regardless of the fact that a lot of products have disadvantages , people are prone to be blinded by the beauty and the advantages of the product itself .

For instance , a simple product like '' soap '' , has to fulfill its purpose .
As a young lady I want to have soap that smells good , looks good , a kind of soap that smoothens or even whitens my skin .

It is proven and I have read a survey oh how many people read information on the package of the soap if this kind of soap is dermatologically tested or not .
The low amount of customers that read this information stroke me .

All what people want is what gives them a good impression in any art of media .
Newspapers , magazines , posters , TV and radio advertisements will try to do their best in this competitive world market .
In order for a product to seem better , advertisement companies would do everything to attract people .

As I have mentioned there is great competition in the market .
And I have learned during my highschool time of strategies advertisements take .
For instance , if they want to attract young people the advertisement company will use a model who is popular , like a famous soccer player or a politician who wil of course try to impress and catch the eyes of the viewers by wearing '' NIKE SHOES '' .
If one person buys those NIKE shoes , everybody else will .
That | 's how we people are .

I am aware that advertisements are exagerated and sometimes full of lies but I cannot deny that I am a victim of this trend .
Advertising ... bliss or Curse

How many times did you a buy a product expecting it to be of high quality and usage , only to be disaapointed later as you discover its limited functionality and below average quality ?
I am sure some may agree with me that this scenario occurs often , and soon leads to people arguing whether advertisments make products seem better than they really are .
Though I can relate with those who argue that it is the buyer 's responsibility to verify the exact specifications and functionalities of an item before purchase , yet i belive that in our days most advertisments DO `` beautify '' products to seem better than they are .

If we consider the hypothetical or rather normative purpose of an Advertisement , it would be to show a potemtial customer the existing functionalies of a product and convincing him/her to purcahse that item .
But with Capitalism taking control of the world , definitions have started to change , and the business world has adapted to new masks keeping revenure - rather than Business Integrity-as the ultimate purpose .
Hence Advertising became about doing and Saying anything and everything to sell that item , regardless if that item is worth selling in the first place .

If we take examples from the world , we can look at the historic and famous Cigarette ads , which usually try to promote smokers as `` beautiful , adventerous , cool ...
etc '' , yet not until recently , failing to inform smokers of the health risks , and high cancerous rates .

Another example would be plastic surgury ads that try to convince those who are running after the illusion of youth , that the usage of this creme or that mask , or those injections will actually turn back the cycle of time .
Again failing to tell patients that its all a matter of 5-7 years ( the maximum ) till any `` fake '' effect disappears , leaing them with possible health hazrds .

Lets take insurance companies for another example .
Such companies tend to `` sell '' their promises for safety and wellcare guarantees , yet failing in most of the cases to warn the clients from all those `` Exceptions or situations '' where `` they just dont cover ! ''
.

Even war has a been a commodity that Advertisements has successfully over-rated and made it shine .
The war on Iraq was advertised as a legitimate procedure to fight terrorism , and liberating the Iraqis ..
and ...
and .. !
Alot of innocent decent people fell for these `` Shiny '' words , but look at what really happended .
The American Economy has suffered greatly from it , half a million iraqis have been killed in 3 years , more terrorists have emerged !

Business should be eithical , sell what you have , or else dont !
I totally agree with the given statement .

Ideas and concepts are associated with the thinkers and innovators .
Whereas learning facts is associated with the followers .

The understanding of an idea or concept gives students the ability to innovate , and to develop their ability to deal with different circumstances and problems .
Merely memorizing facts will simply let the student know of a particular solution , but would not empower him/her to develop new solutions .

Let us take the example of classical physics .
There are several equations and several forms of equations .
However , these numerous equations are derived from certain core concepts of principles .
Once these principles are understood , any equation can be derived .
But the understanding of these concepts is extremely important to master trhe subject .

This does not only hold true in the case of science / technology areas .
Understanding the concepts is critical to all areas of studies .
For example , a management student refers to several case studies .
But the intention for this is not to merely note the actions taken by earlier managers to deal with problems and to keep a record of the same .
The intention is to analyse and think of possible solutions and to understand how the particular decision was taken .
This approach would give future managers capability to come up with innovative solutions .

Today , we have so many electronic gadgets to manage data .
Do we wish to turn our brain into another data storage warehouse ?
Our brain can do something that not even the fastest computers can .
That is to innovate , to think , and to get ideas .
Let us not waste it by encouraging students to give importance to merely learning facts .

I am not averse to the idea of learning facts .
It is important .
Knowing the facts enable us to speak confidently about a particular topic .
However , knowing the concepts behind those facts is what will lead you to innovate new facts !
when we talk about successful people the first thing comes into my mind are scientists , inventors , person who is a pioneer in his speciality , and many other examples , and as we can see the common factor between all of them is that they all started new things and ofcourse took great risks to do them .

so I totally agree that successful people do try new things rather than doing what they already know how to do well , although some may be successful by doing this but in my opinion they are not as successful as the pioneered ones or even close to them .

there are many factors that I thing results in making those people more successful than others , for example , when they start something new , they have very minimal or almost no competitors in the feild they are trying to do somthing in , even if there are competitors they still trying as they do .

another issue is that when somebody is inventing something new for example he will have the opportunity to be a legend for the whole world because simply if he succeed everybody after will follow , use or adapt his invention and he may be remembered for this for centuries even after he die and this is a great success .

another issue is that make me feel that they are more successful is the amount of work they do , they try harder and harder to come up eith new ideas and this required great efforts and cause high appreciation of there work un like the lower amount of work needed by already known things even though there are risks for them not to succeed , because it is not something anybody have ever tried to do or even thought about , i thinkl that you will do nothing new if you did not do risk .
so with all appreciation to those who are doing already known things i do think that those who try new intresting things and take that risks are the real successfull people .
The question wheter or not there will be fewer cars on the road in the future has been discussed by many articles .
I do not think that in 20 years there will be fewer cars in use than today .

The reason why I think the number of cars wo n't decline is based in the function a car has and the benefit of a car that humans apprecciate about owning one .
It has to do with the attitude most humans seem to have , concerning cars .
Many people love their car and have almost an emotional relationship with it .
They think of it as prestige and status symbol and use it for expressing themselves and making a statement of who they realy are .

Other poeple like the most about cars that they give them the opportunity to be flexible .
A car gives the freedom to visit a place whenever the driver wants to and also gives the freedom to leave a place when wished .
People reach freedom through cars .
Freedom is one of the most important values of western society .
It is something that we do not want to give away .

When we think about reasons why there could be a decline in cars on the street in the future , we often think about the often mentioned oil-scarcity or the dependency of western countries on oil-producing eastern countries .
I am aware of the fact that those things are important and difficult to solve .
But what makes me sure that the number of cars wont be reduced is the faith in new innovations .
I believe that one day we realy need to find something new , there will be a new invention .
One example for this can be seen in the case of the VW Lupo , which is a car model that only uses up five liters of fill on 100 kilometers .
This model was released shortly after oil prices rose up high .
Some articles sayed that VW had the car ready and was just waiting for the right opportunity to bring it on the market .
I could imagine that car manufacturers also have the right idea of how to make driving possible in a true clean way , without pollution-causing engines and without using regular fill .
Furthermore , I think that once such cars are invented and accepted by a bigger part of population , they will be produced on assembly lines and in high ammount .
This would make them available for many people .

Concluding , I think that the number of cars wo n't be reduced because people dont want to give away their cars , which gives new innovations the room to create a new car that can be driven without negative effects .
I agree with the statement , as the the most important thing for a student is to understand ideas and concepts in order to develop critical thinking and good judgement .

First , only by understanding ideas and concepts students can use what they have learned in school and apply it to real life situations .
By understanding concepts and ideas , a student can develop the so called `` critical thinking '' that is the capacity to judge a fact or an idea with maturity and good judgement .
Without critical thinking , prople woul n't be able toassess everyday life situations maturely and make the right decisions .
For instance , how good a lawyer would be if he could recall all the regulation in a certain area of law but could n't interpret the regulation itself ?
He would certainly master the facts but he would n't understand the concept .
I am sure most lawyers would agree with me that in law , more often than no , knowing how to interpret a law is more valuable than knowing the written reguataion .

Second , by learning and memorizing facts , students only develop skills that are not as necessary for business or other professions .
For instance , there is not much value in memorizing hundreds of pages of a marketing concepts if a student is not going to apply that specific knowledge in a financial analyst profession .
Much batter would be , if the student understand and master marketing ideas and concepts that can be applied to his profession as well .
The same applies for other subjects such as Math .
If a students knows only memorizes formulas but ca n't apply those , his knowledge of math will be probably usless .

Third , when students learn and memorize facts they do it only for the purpose of taking a test and not for the purpose of learning something .
The result that most of what the student learn will be lost few weeks later .
This is clearly an ineffective way of using the students time as memorizing requires a lot of time and energies that could be used to understand more ideas and concepts .

To sum up , I believe students should focus on learning concepts and general ideas instead of wating time memorizing facts .
I totally agree with the idea that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
Many various examples can illustrate the exactitude of this statement .

First , the evolution of the medecine and of the new discovered remedies is perhaps the best example ever of this statement .
Over time , scientifists have made very important discoveries .
As a result , people can live longer and healthier than before .
Even though we have not found yet any remedy for AIDS , we have already made a lot of progress in the treatment of this horrible disease .

Another very illustrative example of this idea is the example of the chef in a very famous restaurant .
If he want to keep his reputation and his clients , he will have to try again and again new recepies .
He cannot keep the same menu for years and years .
Therefore , he has to innovate and try new tastes , new combinations of aliments .
This implies also to take some risks .
Indeed , the chef is never sure that the clients will love the new kind of food he has cooked .

Finally , the evolution of the plane is also very illustrative of this statement .
Years ago , people would not have imagine being able to fly one day .
However , thanks to some brave pilots , we can now flight from one continent to another in a very short time .
This amazing improvement in transportation would not have been possible without ambitious pilots and engineers .

In conclusion , I really believe that we have to try new things and take risks if we want to be successful .
Therefore , I want to find a creative job that allows me to try new experiments and to take risks .
I am conviced that it is the best attitude to adopt if we want to improve our way of life .
I agree to the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Although car is a very comfortable means of conveyance but it has got many drawbacks vis-a-vis present conditions .
The competition in the car industry has heated up .
Besides , some of the serious health problems have surfaced due to increase in the number of motor driven vehicles over a period of years .
Even many governments are trying their best to tackle this problem .

The most severe threat posed by the use of this vehicle is health related problem .
The environment is polluted and this is giving rise to Global Warming which is a phenomena of increasing temperature at a constant rate across the globe .
Besides , people who rely more on use of car face some health problems like obesity , slip disc , etc .
In these cases a doctor also recommends a walk or evening stroll .
This indicates that the number of cars in use today is sure to decline .

Apart from health related issues , the phenomenal increase in number of cars on roads have lead to traffic conjestions in many countries because of lack of proper infrastructure .
One has to really start early to reach one 's destination .
So , plans to dump the cars are also under consideration at many places which would mean the reduction in number of cars in use .

In addition to these points , the car industry has seen a market saturation in many countries as well .
The market is really flooded with car and there is a significant decline in the number of potential customers across the globe .
So , the decline in production of cars would also reduce the number of cars in use .

Moreover , as we know that the technology is on a surge in the present century , so we can expect the car to be obsolete and it might be replaced by some other vehicle which outshines it in a number of ways .

Finally , we can say that there are many goods to say that there will be a decline in the cars in use because of health related issues or lack of infrastructure or market saturation , etc .
The future of cars is not safe in the end .
In my opinion there are two oppositing points of view from which one could see the situation .
First you could agree with the statement that successful people try new things rather than only doing well known thinghs because they can allow themselves to be experimental for there is no financial pressure .
They are , due to their success , able to come up with negative effects of their behaviour and they also have the capital to invest in new innovations for example .

Whereas poorer people or just people without overwealming success might have great financial pressure and have also the fear to lose what they have already reached .
So they are more likely to play on the safe side .
A poor company might use its old computersystems for a longer time than a rich one for firstly the poorer one does n't have the needed money and secondly because newer systems might not work that dependable .

Second , one could also tell the story the other way round :
Successful people might become more carefully because of they 're afraid of loosing their wellbeing life and their position in society which implies that they take not the unknown road .
For example a famous food chain would never change the slogain or the kind of marketing strategy as long as the food sells well .

In comparison with that , unsuccessful people have nothing to lose so they might tend to try out new things for it ca n't get worse .
A small unknown company may try out a variety of marketing strategies to find out which one causes the highest sells .

There are always these two options .
Which way is meant tyo be taken depends on every individual character which is challenged by a decision like described above .
So I ca n't agree the statement that successful people are more willing to take risks in gerneral for there are as many reasons speaking against this thesis .
Nowadays , the used of cars is widely spread aroud the world .
Never the less , it is differently distributed depending on the caracteristic of the coutries , and on the level of development .

Some governments are trying to desentivate the use of cars because of pollution , and even to precent accidents .
In addition , some people are looking for other kinds of less expensive ways of transportation , taking into account the increase of oil prizes .

It is very hard to say though , that these governmental and particular initiatives are going to be the same in all the countries and that are going to have the same consequences .

In Europe , with small countries , where there is not enough space , where the cities are crowded and very near to other one , it is relatevily easy to make public policy to decentivate the use of cars .
Indeed sinde the 70's , after the first oil boom , the use of cars , or big cars have decreased .
Governmets promote the use of trains and subways on the main cities .
The space and parking problem in the biggest cities is another reason why people can prefer more are more to use public transportation rather than cars .
In Europe , it is very common to see more and more during the warm seasons the use to bicycles not only to go to college , but also to go to work .
And governments incetivating these kinds of solutions by building bicycles roads .

On the other hand , in places sucn as the United States where the biggest part of the cities are widespread on a several number of kilometers despite their small size , it could be very hard to desincentivate the use of cars even with public policies .

Indeed , only big metropoles such as New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , could easily respond to policies such as those made in Europe .
The traffic is soo messy , and the space so reduce , that in twenty years it would be natural to use fewer cars .
However , in smaller and spred cities , the use of cars is essential .
They do n't face the same problems of space , parking , and pollution of the big metropoles .
Their problem is more about distance , and about oil .

One fact that could really reduce then the number of cars in those places is to face oil scarce and therefore a huge prize raising .
And facing this problem , public policy could be not enough to solve the problem , since those cities are made to ride on a car .

To summarize The use of cars in twenty years can be very different depending on the economic situation of the worl in that moment and on the oil prizes .
I concede that in some respects , the young should contribute to their communities more in which they live in .
However , beyond this concession , because of the new technology , the young are beginning to help their communities in some nations .
Therefore , on balance , I do not agree with the statement .

Admittedly , at a first glance , they do not give much time to help their community .
This is especially true when it comes to developed countries .
Compared with the decades ago , young people are required to study hard because they have to master more and more diverse skills including informaiton technology .
In my observation , due to the time required to learn these skills , they do not have much enough time to contribute to their community .

Nevetheless , the statement overlooks some positive changes that the young people have experienced .
Thanks to the advent of the information technology , more and more young people help their communities using the technology .
For example , a number of young people used the technology to support humanitalian projects in many communities .
The young in Japan supported the people who lost their houses because of a massive eathquake by calling for the financial support on the Internet .
Thus , they can and do use the technology to solve local problems .

It would be tempting to argue that the young are not interested in their community considering their apathy in politics in some nations .
However , the statement overstates the situation of such nations .
When it comes to nations where political situations are not stable , the young are forced to participate in their communities .
For instance , we do not have to look no further than Taiwan .
Because of their severe condition in which the pressure from Beijing is massive , the young are serious about their future and their nation .
Thus , the statement unfairly ignores such young people .

In sum , because of their difficulties , many young people do not have much time to helping their communities ; however , the advent of the informaiton technology made it possible for them to participate in the community in new ways .
They are getting involved with their communities through these means .
I completely agree that successful people try new things in contrast to failure peple who are put in by somebody else to face new things .
It is the successful people who lead the front .
These people try to enhance the capabilities of which they have already tasted success , explore new manners of doing something or even develop a whole new perspective .

Success allows a person to think more , do more .
It inspires him to stand one step ahead of already achieved bench mark .
It calls for more concious effort .
At the same time the risk involved in such efforts is sure to increase .

Citing an example , the person who commercialized Star TV is was at the peak of his success as a buisiness man when te came up with the idea .
Taking an amount of risk he invested huge amounts .
But that was again an immediate success .

The successful people may play a different role to suit the circumstances as in case of sachin tendulkar .
He is one of the best batsmen of cricketing history .
As he became successful , he started changing roles from a person who is only interested in making runs as quickly as possible to someone who stands all through the innings .
This would n't have been afforded by any body else because there is great chance of him be out of the team .

Also there might be people who may give an all over new definition to sucess .
Bill Gates , for example is working today for charity giving a new meaning to success .
According to me he has taken a risk by retiring because his inputs to microsoft might be missing .

In fact a complete organization may put itself into risk .
Indian Space Research Organization ( ISRO ) after successful testing of PSLV ventured again to construct GSLV at a point where failure mean disaster to the whole organization and which may question its existence also .

The examples above clearly depict the manner successful people or organizations have taken carried their sucess ahead even after critical risk factors .
But it can be clearly concluded that successful people try new things .
In my little community all the volounteers working and helping the others are mainly adults and old people .
Therefore , my experience gives evidence to the statement that young peple nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are many explainations for this to happen .

Today young people are involved in various activities : after having being to school , they have many homeworks and they are also involved in sports and other leisure activities .
Therefore , they have no time to be more involved in their communities .
Often this happens because of their parents , which prefer their sons to be working more for their individual future that for the future of the community as a whole .
In my case , I have been always asked to spend more time learning languages and playing sports rather than working as a volunteer for the community .

Another motivation for this low involvement in the community is the growing lack of interest from the society itself for youngs involved in social works .
In particular , the school does not provide stimuli to involve the students in this kind of projects .
In my high school , for example , only the 4 % of the students spent time helping their communities .
A good idea could be , in my opinion , the distribution of school credits for every hour of social work in the community of origin .
Furthermore the government does not provide enough information on the matter : with the introduction of volunteer 's information points in the cities and with the distribution of advertisments , the number of young people involved in the community can grow easily .

To conclude , I believe that it is true that the young people is not involved enough in their communities , and my personal experience provides a good example .
The main causes of this are , in my opinion , the lack of time available to them and the lack of a correct information on the mutual benefits of an higher involvement .
I think that mainly with the help of my school , I should find more time to help the community where I live , to improve it and to improve myself .
I think that there is a difference between how young and old people express the way they enjoy life .
Not everyone expresses this kind of emotion by accompanying it with the stereotypical connotation of `` enjoying life '' such as carefree days , endless laughs and no responsabilities .
For this reason I do not agree with the statement that younger people enjoy life more than older people .

As a matter of fact , I think older people can develop subtler , more refined and , why not , more precious ways of appreciating life .
Young people , most of the time , are bound to a definition of fun that is imposed by the media , which involves concerts , all-night partying , strenuous lifestyles and the idea that `` someone , somewhere , is having more fun than I am '' .
This makes most young people feel compelled to do more and more in order to show others that they are enjoying themselves rather then actually cherish their experiences .

Older people learn in time that enjoying life can be associated with more relaxed and `` tailored '' activities , such as hobbies or brief holidays .
I think that it might be even easier for some older people to enjoy life firstly because they can count on more financial stability and secondly because they have a lot less time to dedicate to themselves , which makes this time a lot more valuable .

Hobbies are activites people cultivate over long periods of time , and the passion with which they nurture them is a very good example of how much a person can enjoy him or herself .

I consider holidays as another good example .
When young people go on holiday , they tend to lead a lifestyle very similar to that that awaits them at home - if not more stressful ; going out every night , staying up very late , `` trying a bit of everything '' .
Older people have less time to travel but more money to spend on their trips , which enables them to choose destinations and vacation types that will make them get the most out of that limited time and , at the end of the day , `` enjoy life '' more .
To gain a successful life is a very dificult step to take and trying new things and taking a risk is a harsh step to go down .
If someone is successful in something then he should keep attached to it and doesnt risk for trying something new and loosing all his great knowledge .

success is everywhere and it requires a lot of competition so if anyone is'nt willing to be very strongly related to what he knows the most and risks his success someone else might take his place even if he is'nt better .
Being successful is also being smart and wise .
If you are not wise then you might destroy what you built for taking a risk that you might fail .

My cousin , who graduated from one of the best canadian universities , was employed at on of the most popular and famous pharmicies in canada and he was payed applicaple wages which made him have a comfortable life .
Although my cousin was very smart he was n't that wise , he surprisingly decided to leave the pharmacy 's work and find another work in a drug company .
When he submited the information the company needed they did'nt accept him and ofcourse the pharmicy found a new employee to take his place .
Although my cousin had a great successful life and was a promoted employee he lost every thing just for taking a small risk .

If someone is already successful why not continuing in his major instead of taking a risk that might not be gainful ?
Greed is sometimes what makes successful people fall behind , whenever they have something they look for more and this is what makes some people fall in the harsh circumstances of a such a change .

losing all what you built is a great lose so not taking such a risk is a better decision .
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
There are a several reasons to support my opinnion .
Firstly , in twenty years some of the developing countries will become economically stable .
When that happens , a number of citizens in that country will be able to buy new cars .
For example , China is one of the countries .
Now , it is becoming a economically enormous country and a lot of people are now purchasing new cars .

Secondly , in a lot of western countries like America or Canada , except for large cities its almost impossible to transport without cars .
People cannot even go to school without cars .
Of course small countries like Japan have a very nice subway and bus system , but not all countries are like that .
It also costs a lot of money to make that system and its not top priority in the countries to do this so I think the use of cars will not change or even increase .

Thirdly , according to the development in science , the prices of cars will go down .
Therefore , the people who could not afford to have cars will be able to buy one and it will be easy for people to buy second , third , or even fourth cars in the family .

These days in developed nations , there are concerns about the fact that using cars effect the global warming , and instead of everybody using cars , public transportation is being considered .
However , there has been a lot of research on cars that prevent pollutions .
Toyota 's `` Prius '' is an example .

In conclusion , I think that there will be more cars in use than there are today .
I totally agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Because the main purpose of advertisements is to sell the products , of course they need to show the advantages of the products to attrack consumers and hide the disadvantages to avoid unnecessary damage to the products ' images .

Advertisement , as we know , is a kind of promotion .
Companies use advertisements to introduce their products to the public and want the public like their products .
However , not all products are perfect ; therefore , they will try to just show the good part of the product in the advertisement .
In fact , consumers will have high expectation of the products they saw in the advertisement .
Sometimes , the higher you expectation is , the bigger disappointment you will get .
That 's why people often think that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Furthermore , advertisements will not show the disadvantages of the products to you .
You only can learn how the product actually works or whether you really like the product or not through your own experience .
For examle , I saw the advertisement of Tacobell 's new product on TV last month .
It seemed so delicious and had plenty of ingredients in it .
I could n't help thinking about the picture of that product all the time .
Finally , one day , I bought the product .
I was so disappointed when I first saw the product in real .
It was so tiny and almost had nothing inside .
And of course , it was not so delicious as I imagined before .

To sum up , advertisements are made to sell their products and they always only show the advantages of products and skip the disadvantages .
As the maxim stands `` Nothing succeeds like success '' , holds true in either case , whether an individual takes risk and becomes successful or he does not take risk and still turns out out to be successful .
In my opinion , success is about taking risks and rather than only doing what they already know .
Thus , I agree to the given statement .

In my opinion people do become successful even when they adopt the old opinion but by doing that , ther are not the leaders in the society but followers .
For example , a company X opened chain resturants and decided to franchise its resturants .
The company X was successfull .
Company Y decides to follow the the foot prints of Company X and did not try anything different .
Company Y may be successful in the long run but may not a leader while as company X is a leader and other organisations will follow him .
Same is true with the individuals .

Secondly , by not taking risks , people always live in shells .
They lack creativity to do some thing different and their potential as an individual is not absolutely harnassed .
Take the example of director Steven Speilsberg .
When he was working on his movie `` Titanic '' , most people though he was doing impossible and would not succeed .
We all know what happened after that .

Changes in any field are inevitable .
An individual who is stuck to his old thoughts and do only that what he / she knows , may not respond in an optimum way when changes warrant different .
The individual may not be able to cope to the changes and thus may turn out to be a failure .

Last but not the least , the success involved in trying new things and taking risk is fast .
An individual may be successful in trying only what they already know but it may involve lot of time .
If the individual wants the output to be positive and quick , he may need to take risk at any stage of life .

To conclude , risk taking ability is an essential quality of an individual to succeed .
Howver , he or she should not get carried away with the amount of risk one is taking .
They should measure the risk benefit ratio before taking risk and thus finally decide if it is worth it to take the risk to be successful .
I believe that in the future fewer cars will be in use than today .
The human population on earth is growing rapidly and this is reflected in every major city of the world .
As the metropoles get crowded the quality of life declines in that city .
Today among the biggest problems of cities such as Paris , NY , London and Istanbul is the traffic .
City officials are offering their citizens to use alternate ways of transportation such as subways but due to the much crowded populations , the chaos of traffic does not seem to end .
The Istanbul Mayor once proposed to have restrictions on the number of cars to be out on the streets but it was not considered since it would be interfering with the rights of the citizens .
More proposals are being worked on .

This problem had a reflection on the automative sector .
If we take a look at the recent years , we will see that smaller cars are becoming in-demand more and more .
Small cars are seen as , if not permanent , but effective solutions to the parking and traffic problems in the major cities .
In twenty years , I would like to believe that this problem will be solved and there will be more alternative ways for every day transportations .
Therefore the usage of cars will be less than today .

Cars also are said to be a danger to environment .
It is proven that fuel gas and motorine are harming the ozone layer therefore endangering the environment .
Many car companies are working on projects where alternative engines are produced to halt this .

Most powerful brands have either completed projects or ongoing tests to build cars that can work with water , electricity even sun .
However nothing is said to replace the usage of fuel financially .
It is still the cheapest way on the market that 's why the alternative engine generation will not be as widespread as quickly as the environmentalists hope .

However these 2 reasons I stated are strong enough to make me believe the usage of cars will be fewer in the near future .
Numbers versus Ideas

When students are considered to be mechanical masses that absorb and memorize words and numbers without processing them using their own intellect , one can easily believe that learning facts is the only virtue that students should need .
However , this is too far from being the logical and humane approach to the matter .

It is the ideas behind the facts that make the students evolve and turn into bright minded individuals that will undoubtedly lead their societies towards a better future .
To compherend , for example , the mechanism that makes an aeroplane take off is far more important for a student than to memorize the maximum speed of that particular type of aeroplane .
It is comprehension that triggers imagination .

Understanding ideas provides the learners with the opportunity to have an unchained mind which is absolutely the prime element of both individual and collective improvement .
Think of an individiual who has only been practicing in his studies the commonly adopted techniques based on the facts that are already available , without bravely experimenting new ideas .
How far could he go ?
Not too far , that is for sure .

If it had n't been for those who have bright ideas labed as ` crazy` , our world would n't have been as colorful as it is now .

As a conclusion , one should always keep in mind that we owe what we have today to those bright ideas of yesterday .
The main purpose of advertising and commercials is to sell and increase the profits of a specific company .
In order to maximize their profits , companies are willing to do almost anything , including giving out false information .

For many years , the cigarette was seen as a good product that was n't really harmful but provided social advantages .
Many examples can support the same idea , for example , we see a lot of advartisements today about clothing or beauty products .
In these commercials , models are used to represent beauty and to give an idea of how people should look like .
Unfortunatly , not everyone is as slim and tall as a model and people start thinking that they should be conform to '' the look '' to be socially accepted .
Therefore , advertisments often give wrong ideas to the public by forcing them to act in a certain way .

Because of the competitivity of products on the market , commercials have to make their product seem the best and will often give illusions of being '' magical '' .
This can apply to the cleaning products specially : they make us beleive that they are strong enough to vanish any stain .
According to my personal experience , they do n't really work that way !

Sometimes , advertisements can reach the point of being dangerous , specially when bieng seen by children ; they can have the same effects as violant movies because children ca n't distinguish between reality and fiction and they do n't understand the concept of especial effects .

Eventhough most of the advertisements make products look better than they really do , we ca n't say the same about all the advertisements because some companies are obliged to give away true information or else they will have serious legislative problems .
For example , advertisements for medical treatements and other products that can put people in physical dangers .

In conclusion .
we should n't always trust the media , and we should be verry careful in
It is often discussed in the media what factors are responsible for the success of an individual .
Many people believe that successful people try new things and are more willing to take risks rather than only doing what they are already capable to do .
In my opinion this point of view is correct because only people who take certain risks have the chance to excel in their career .

To begin with , an individual can only grow personally by taking certain risks .
For example , I did an internship in New York last year and could not have profited more from this experience .
Before flying to the US I was feeling insecure because I did not know what was about to happen during my internship .
I was worried because of the new language , the working environment and a possible culture clash .
Indeed , the first time in the United States had been difficult for me but every week was easier that the one before .
After completing my internship , I can wholeheartedly say that taking this risk has been the best decision of my life so far .
I am much more confident now and have gained personal and intercultural skills that will help me in my future career .

Furthermore I am convinced that every new experience has a definite impact on an individuals ' development .
Even if an experience seems to be negative at the beginning or a person does not succeed immediately , I am sure that these negative events only make a person stronger than before .
By analyzing the reasons for failing a person is able to work on certain individual weaknesses .

In addition to that , I want to point to the concept of learning .
For centuries it is widely accepted that people have to learn in order to become better in what they are doing .
Not only in school , college or university classes but also by attending work-shops in the professional life people are constantly forced to make new experiences and learn additional aspects about different issues if they want to be successful in life .

In conclusion , I absolutely agree that one characteristic of successful people is based on their willingness to try out new things rather than sticking to the things they already know .
Taking risks is fundamental if you want to succeed in life .
Only by facing challenges an individual will be able to grow as a person .
I completely agree with the statement telling us about how young people today do not give enough time to aid their communities .
I am going to use various examples to justify my opinion on this statement .

In olden times , people in some way or the other had to help their community in some way or the other as there was no other occupation other than agricultural occupations but as times have progresed , both chronologically and technologically , young people do not find it important to aid their communities .
People today have to be compelled to do something that will help their community , for example , schools today have community service as an essential part of their curriculum which is good as they are trying to instill values in their students but the question posed is whether the schools are successful in doing so or are students just doing it as a compulsion .

People today feel that helping their community is a waste of time and money in some cases but it is important for them to put themselves in the position and see the various kinds of sufferings people are going through .
For example , the youth of today has enough time to fit in time for computer games and movies in their schedules but they do not have the time and chivalry to go and help the lesser privilleged people in their community .

Some young people , who feel it is their duty to help their community , fear aiding their communities as they think they might be considered a social outcast and people might make fun or make a mockery of them because they are doing something ` uncool ' .

Through proper time management and a change in their outlook , the youth can make time in their schedules to help their communities and be of some positive use to society today .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
Most advertisements use emotional figures , present the product in a way that is very appealing to the consumer or attacks the competitors by claiming that their product offers more quality per unit price .
These are the tools that advertising companies choose for products generally in order to convince the target consumers to buy ; however they can be misleading and consumers can be disappointed after their initial experince .

First of all , using the emotional figures in the advertisements is a method used very much recently .
We can see speaking cows playinf football in a milk advertisement or several cartoon figures that are the favourite ones for children .
This method especially influences the kids very much and they insist on buying that product .
However , the advertisment does not promise a quality for a repeated buying , Additionally , intoducing a product in a very appealing way can be an exaggreation .
For instance , advertisement may say a chocolate is very tasteful that you can never want to share it with a friend , but it may be that it does not taste good .

Lastly , some advertisments attact competitors rather than just claming on their products and present a comparative advantages like lower price per quality , highest effectiveness , having the most beneficial fuctions .
Nevethelesss , this method also can be very misleading .
For example , a car can be cheaper than the other cars with the same quality and functions , nonetheless it can have lower sustainability or less terms on guarantee .
Being cheaper does not mean you will be satisfied with its quality .

In conclusion , the methods used in the advertisements can bve very misleading can cause use make wrong decisions about the things you need and you want to purchase .
Sometimes , less appealing and aggressive and dull advertisments of some products can offer a much more quality or compensation for the needs and preferences .
Difference makes a lot of opportunities .
I clearly agree with the statement with a confidence .
Successful people often try their best as possible with riskes .
If you are doing absolutely same thing with others , you lose the chance to success .
Even in the history , people got thier power and wealth by being `` strangers '' .

First of all , successful people have great abilities to make great deals .
For example , you have a speacial ability about making computers , which are the gratest ever , you will earn a lot of money for it and you are going to be considered as a successful person .
Of course , since making computers cost money , you need to take risks to get money .
You have possibility to lose your money .

Second of all , there are many workers who graduated from ordinaly universities and got their jobs at companies .
Let you think about you are one of them .
Most of workers have same skills as you do , and many people want to get their jobs at your company .
If so , you may be fired your job and not to be succcesful .
The problem of it is you do not try new things .
However , for example , oil cpmpanies get much money because they do different kind of jobs from others .
There are not many jobs of oil but people get wealth by selling oil .
Then you see how important doing different is oneof the ways to success .

Finally , in the history we learn , Franklin D. Roosevelt , a presidnt of the United States , did not follow the tradition of politics .
People at that time used to think that a president should not do his job four times because of silent rule , not because of the constitution .
But FDR was elected four times .
Now many Americans love him because of his successful job .
He is reall famous not only for his job but also the breaking tradition .
Americans thought it is really cool .
Since FDR was different from other presidents , he will never been forget as a successful president .

In conclusion , successful people take risks for their opportunities .
Without it , it is hard to say that people can success .
Doing what poeple do is easy for us , but not for success .
So I strongly believe that successful people do different things and try their best to success .
I do not agree with the statement that says that fewer cars will be used in the future , twenty years later .
I would like to exlain three reasons why I think that there will be still cars , using for many purposes , as the same as those of todays .

As the first reason , I would like to point out the advent of new technology .
It has been criticized that using cars are not good for environment due to their emission of gas .
Their gas destroy the ozon layer , thus people argue that these gas should be reduced .
As the solusion , for instance , many countries sing up in the international agreement , Kyoto Convention , to reduce the emmision of CO2 .
For one of the efforts , some companies try to invent new type of gas , which is less harmuful for environment .
If the new type of gas will be used in future cars , their detrimental effects on environment will be reduced .
Thus , people 's concerns about car 's effects on environment could be reduced .
In that case , cars could be used more in the future .

For the second reason , I would like to refer to the aging society .
Within several years , Japan and some EC countries will face to the serious problems according to the increase of aging population .
For elders , paticuraly living alone , it is difficult to go out by theirselves .
They sometimes need the support by others .
However , the use of cars for elders may support their independent lives .
For instance , my grandfather often uses a car to go shopping .
By using a car , he need not to bring heavy bags when he buys many things in the supermarket .
Although he lives alone now , he can go out by himself by using a car .
Therefore , for elders in the aging society , the use of cars enable their lives more convinient with less support by others .

In counclusion , according to these three reasons , I think that there will be more cars after twenty years .
If the harmuful effects of cars on environment could be reduced , I think that we need not hesitate to use such efficient instruments for improving our life more and more .
The balance between nature and technology can be taken accrding to the advent of new gas .
Moreover , in the aging society , elders could be more active and independent to use cars .
In today 's highly mobilized society , cars have become an indispensible part of daily life .
It is now common in most families to have multiple cars , one for each member of the family .
However , while enjoying the innumerable advantages that cars bring to their lives people are becoming more and more aware of the down sides of having so many cars .
Considering this point , I agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in the future than there are today .

The biggest price that today 's societies are paying for the convenience of having so many cars is definitely the deteriorating environmental conditions .
Cars probably have the largest contribution to air pollution among all the technological advancements that we can think of .
In the recent years , on the other hand , environmental awareness has been awakened by means of international treaties , scientific research and public advertising .
In my opinion , therefore , these efforts will have far reaching consequences and make future generations more sensitive on the issue .

What effects an individual directly , however , is not the global environment that he must do his part to protest but more than that the expenses that comes along with having a car .
As the organic energy sources on the planet diminish , oil prices will keep increasing , possibly at higher rates .
In the end , it will probably reach such to limits where people will be willing to give up their comfort in favor of their pocket .

The final point that I 'd like to make to support my argument is the gigantic technological advencement that we are witnessing in the fields of computers and the Internet .
Nowadays , one can work , buy , sell , communicate , read the daily paper and do much more on his computer without leaving the house .
This , however inadvantageous it might be for the health of the society , will surely have an effect in cutting down the number of cars that people have .
After all , what 's the point of having a car if you are only going to use it once a year to take it to the mechanic for its annual check ?
`In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
` I do n't agree with this statement for many reasons .
The first one is that there is an important car culture in most of our societies today .
The second one is the development of new technologies which will have a big impact on the use of cars .

First , the car culture is something very developed today .
In many societies , the car is the symbol of many things .
For example , on the social aspect , it 's really important to own a car .
The more it 's big and expensive , the more you show your high social status .
Moreover , for teenagers , the first car is very important : you want to show everybody that you know how to drive , that you have a car , ...
In fact , you just want to show that you are becoming an adult .
Another reason of this car culture is that taking your car is really easier than taking any other means of transport .
You can take it when you want and you do n't fear to be late .
Moreover , many cities do n't have enough effective means of transport such as buses or subways and you are obligated to take your car .

The second reason why I would never agree with this statement is the development of new technologies .
First , new health technologies allow people to live better and later than before .
That 's a reason why the population is going to grow rapidly and own more cars .
Moreover , some countries are also growing economically so that their population will bewcome wealthier and will be able to afford a car .
Another fact is that there is beginning to have a lack in the petroleum resources of the earth .
However , with the development of new renewable sources of energies to make the cars functionning , it will not lead to a decreasing of the number of cars .

These are the reasons why I do n't think that there will be fewer cars in twenty years than today .
However , I hope this statement will become true because the problem of the pollution has to be taken seriously .
In the bottom line , I would say that , if we do n't find solutions quickly to this problem , this statement will never be true and this will very harmful for our planet .
Since I am attending the final year of secondary school in Germany right now I am about to choose my major for college .
There are many things that I am very interested in .
I like politics and economy .
But I would also like to study history or law and I absolutely love to learn languages .
Now , I could decide to study only one of the subjects I mentioned above .
But since it is more important and more interesting to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to be an expert in one subject I choose to enroll in the major called international relations .
It is a combination of all the subjects I mentioned above .

Firstly , I strongly believe that one should follow as many of one 's interests as possible .
The human mind is able to connect different subject areas which , combined with broad knowledge , results in a better ability to understand complex concepts of the world .
Additionally it is always hard to sacrifice one passion for another .

Secondly , there 's a different approach : What if you suddenly loose interest in what you are doing at your job ?
Is n't it wise to have access to a `` second door '' ?
This way there 's a much better chance of finding a different job which will still provide you with enough income to feed your family .
Or suppose you loose your job ?
If you have a broader education there 's much more jobs that you can apply for .
It makes it easier to find a new job .

Thirdly , studying many subjects at once is more interesting than just one .
This way you do something different every day .
Even if it might be more challenging to concentrate on so many things at once , it will be much more fun .
It makes it possible to combine you 're knowledge from the different areas .
What is more , every subject shows you a different view on the world .
Enjoy life while you are still young - this is the programmatic statement of youth culture .
It builds on the general believe that young people enjoy life more than seniors .
But I do not think that younger people enjoy life more than older people .
Examining the question along three dimensions of joy - social interaction or friendship , physical condition or health and a person 's own perception or his or her mental attitude towards joy - will show that both , younger and older people do enjoy life .

A first important dimension on which a person 's enjoyment of life could me measured is the degree of his or her social interaction .
As homan beings are ` social animals ' , satisfying social interaction is vital to them .
This is why circle of friends and relatives as well as satisfying interaction is necessary for a person to enjoy life .
Young people certainly spend a lot time with their friends or partner .
Enrolled in university or work they have a lot of possibilities to meet new people and to communicate to a large number of different individuals .
Older people on the other hand often have more limited social interactions .
Their ciricle of friends and relatives might have reduced over time , the do not have the opportunity to meet people at work and partners often have already passed away .
Yet , older people often have deeper , more valuable relationships with their social circle : friendships that have been shape over a long time replace in quality the larger social network younger people have , as there social networks are often of less quality .

A second important aspect for an individual 's joy in life is his or her physical condition and the ability to be versatile and take part in acitivities resulting from it .
Surely young people have by far a health advantage over older people .
And they are not only fit and healthy but normally also in good condition that allows them to do `` fun activities '' like snowboarding or surfing .
But on the other hand , seniors are not completely banned from satisfying physical activities by their somewhat worse physical condition .
Many older people nowdays enjoy a great varity of senior sports that actually provide lots of joy and happiness to them .

Last but perhabs even most important for a persons happiness and joy in life is the persons mental status and attitude against joy .
It 's the simple question if a person FEELs happy and takes time to enjoy life .
While youngs people are often stressed and too much in a hurry to actually enjoy what they are doing , older people take their time to enjoy what they have lived and still can live in life .
This is why = even though seniors might be limited in their sources of joy - they are often even happier than young people .

To summarize , I think that both young and old people can enjoy life by the same degree .
It is more in the way that these two groups injoy life =
Better use of public transportation and different travelling habits , leading to fewer cars : surely , this is the way many ecologists dream of the ideal future .
But is it truly realistic ?
Not many arguments available today support this vision .
Quite the opposite , in fact , seems to be taking place .

First , urban planning tends to induce an increased use of cars .
The taste for individual homes , with gardens , away from the city 's pollution , encourages urban sprawl .
The result of this is that any travelling needs a car .
Shops , malls , museums , are simply too far away from the suburbs for people to simply walk there .

Some might argue that the oncoming limitation in available oil ressources , as well as the growing concern about global warming , might change people 's behaviors .
However , one could challenge this view by noticing the current improvements in engines ' technologies .
They tend to make cars cleaner and less polluting .
This could make the moral dilemna to use the car or not an irrelevant one .
Cars will change , not how often people use them .

Another important factor lies in the needs of developing countries .
China , India and Brazil nowadays , and other countries tomorrow , have a growing middle class and urban population .
These people can afford to buy a car , even two .
They might also start having country houses , and cars are often necessary to travel there .

Lastly , I believe travel by car corresponds to a deep trend in our modern individualistic society .
People , when confronted with a choice , would rather travel alone or with their families than with random strangers in a closed space .
This shows that time and money are not the only factors when people have to choose between different ways to travel .
How good you feel , how freely you can behave when in a car , could outweigh seemingly more relevant arguments .
The tendency in the industry to customize each car for the individual customer is an illustration of the importance of this `` feel-good '' factor .

All in all , I think these arguments tend to go against the statement that the number of cars in use will decrease .
Cars and the uses of cars will evolve - but their numbers are not likely to go down .
I do not entirely disagree with this statement but I do disagree to some extent .
In my opinion , successful people do not just try new things and take risks but they also work on improving what they already know .

For any person to be successful they should build there success on experience .
What I mean by experience is taking time to make mistakes and learn from them .
This also means working hard in order not to repeat previous mistakes .
This is where success is built on doing what we already know .

On the other hand , it would not be very smart to keep our same old information as this would not improve us in any way .
Therefore we should take chances , take risks - but within limits which we set for ourselves of course - and learn to experience day by day .

Success can be recognized in many aspects of life , and as time passes we could be successful in many different areas .
I mean by that : success is not necessarily related to each individual 's area of expertise .
A person can be successful educationaly , as well as in there work field as they grow up and also in there personal life .

Success in school is based on studying , comprehending and practicing in order to achieve good results and ace tests whenever we can .
In school we could learn to be successful for example by keeping the same efficient way of studying that we got used to in order to achieve our best .
Where risks are introduced could be by trying some new way of learning perhaps suggested by a classmate or by taking the chance to learn a new language or study a subject which we do not guarantee to like but why not take the chance to be successful in somthing new ? !

In conclusion , one should always learn to do their best in order to succeed whether or not that involves trying something new .
In my opinion it is more important to understand the main ideas and principles of what you are supposed to learn than to learn some facts by heart .
If you only learn some procedures or facts by heart , you wo n't be able to tailor your knowledge to a new task .
And I think you will forget this knowledge very soon .
For example I have learned very much for the final exam in history by heart , but after that exam I have forgotten all these facts very rapidly .
But on the other hand I have tried to understand everything in maths and I still can rememder most of the knowledge I needed for the final exam .
And the grade in maths was by far better than the grade in history .

That is the main point why I think understanding the ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts by heart .
Nevertheless , there are some things you have to learn by heart , because without some key facts you cannot understand some ideas .
One example is that you cannot calculate a maximum of a function , that is to illustrate profit figures , without having learned what the definition of profit is and without knowing how to find out where the maximum is .

As one can see from the examples given in my text , learning facts by heart has a very limited usability for new problems but there are some occasions in which one cannot avoid learning key facts by heart , because otherwise one cannot understand certain concepts .
Nevertheless , I think it is clear that understanding the principles and ideas is superior to stupidly learning facts by heart .
Another important advantage of understanding the ideas behind a certain fact is that you can easily find a perfect solution for problems that are based on the same ideas in notably shorter time and that you do not have to learn every scenario by heart , because you can derive it from a `` basic '' scenario .
So you have to keep less in mind .
Some people believe that young people can enjoy life more than older people do .
Other people believe in the other way which is older people have a more enjoyable life than young people .
As far as i concern , the latter is more reasonable than the idea mentioned earlier for the following reasons .

In the first place , young people have more responsibilities , which would allow them have less time to enjoy the wonderful things in their lives , than elderly , As a older people , in a sense , there is no duty , such as rising a child , paying taxes , and educate the next generation ; on the contrary , these responsibilities are , now , weighted on the shoulders of younth .
They need to worry about many things , including how to hold their jobs .
And it is also the truth that an increasing amount of time is being spent in the work place in order to hold the position they hold now .
That means less and less time will be available for them to enjoy the life .

In the second place , older people have a more peaceful mind to enjoy the life .
These is a growing tendecy for people to lose their ambition as their age is going up .
Comparing to the young people , elderly feel more comfortable with the life they are having now ; unlike older people .
young people are always on the way to seek something better , something they think deserve better .
This makes them always on the process of chasing , leaving no mind or mood the enjoy the life they are having now .

Finally , older people can do numberous things that young people are not able to do .
With the repect for older people taking more and more important place in an increasing number of people , people now build many places only for old people , and make more entertainments for the older .
These programme are more suitable for elders .
That 's reason some of the shows can not be understood by the young people .

All in all , young people cant not enjoy their life as much as older people do beacuse they are having less time , and ambitous mind to chase others thing .
In addition , they ca n't understand something that elders do .
However , i believe that in the future , young people will enjoy life in a same amount that older people do .
Personally , I disagree with the general statement that young people enjoy life more than older peolpe do .
It is of course difficult to make a general decision here and there may always be exceptions to the rule , but I would even say that - in reverse - older people enjoy life more than young people do .
There are various reasons for that .

While young people often tend to prefer a lifestyle which implies a lot of partying and going out to have fun , older people usually have gained enough experience to be able to estimate what really counts in life .
That is : not going out and getting drunk but basically things like a secure job , a house , family and friends you can rely on .
Older people have learned about characteristics that are really important , whereas many younger people may still stick to superficial ideas .

In making hard and difficult decisions , older people may have an easier time than younger people .
Adolescents will approach a difficult situations differently : they may be more naive , simply because they have never faced a problem like that .
Older people can relz on their life experience and see more easily which would be the best decision .
They can evaluate situations better and are more sure of themselves .

Moreover , older people can look back on the accomplishments of their lives and see what they have done .
They do not have to worry any more about career things and - hopefully - about money .
They have worked all their life and earned enough money to be able to travel where they like to .
With their partner , they have now the time and opportunity to see the countries they used only to hear of and read about .
Young people have to think of their education and career .
They have to think about their income .

Older people have the possibility - and should - transfer their knowledge to younger people in order to help them getting on with their lives .
Nowadays exist a lot of people that study an specific profession , and when they finished it they realized they they do n't really like it , so they work in an area that they do n't enjoy .
What is worst people study a profession and after a year or two years they change to other profession , and they can do this many times , so they waist their time trying to find something that they really like and they enjoy .
So I agree with the statement that says that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

If you spend time studing differents subjects , and expanding your knowledge , later you will have more options to decide what you really want to study .
Because you will have study different types of subjects , and you will have more options at the time you choose a profession .
And the college you aply will see that you have studied subjects related to the profession you aplied to .

Another advantage of studing many academic subjects , is that you will have spend time in many different types of subjects , so at the end you will know in what subjects you are really good at .
That way you wo n't enter to a college to study a profession that later you realize that you are not good at , and because of that you will have to change your profession and you will waist your time .

Finally we can say that studing different academic subjects , you will expand your knowledge , you will see some of every subject , you will learn different kind of things , and your knowledge will grow .
So in the future , maybe when you have children , you can teach them what you have learned , eventhough it does n't refer to the profession you studied .
You will always have that knowledge with you .

As a conclusion I can state that I agree with the option that says that is better to have a broad knowledge of different academic subjects .
It will help you in many things in the future .
You will be a mor versatile person .
I fully agree with the statement , because it 's just what I 've always done in my life , every time I had to learn a new thing .
I always try to focus on concepts and not on facts , so I can understand the reason why something happens and not simply how or when it happens .
In this way it 's much easier for me to remember the huge number of things I need to remember for my studies or even for my job .
I think that this way of learning lets you remember things for the rest of your life , because once you learn how to ride a bycicle , you cannot forget it anymore .
Even if you do not use it for many years , your brains can still remember how to ride it .
Maybe you need some minutes to revive your technique , but after only five minutes , you are able to ride it again as many years before .
In the same way , you can learn theoretical concepts , like long and appearently complicated formulas , just trying to understand what is behind them and how to re-create them from scratch , starting from the concept that they represent .
Instead , if you just concentrate on facts , like sequences of events , dates or other `` useless '' information , you may be able to remember them for a certain period of time , but definitely not as long as you live .
Actually there may be important facts to remember , but this is not the point .
In a few words , I would say that the most important question we have to ask ourselves as students is `` Why ? ''
.
Cars are one of the devices or tools that we use to commute from one place to another .
If we want to find out `` what will be the fate of cars in the next coming twenty years '' we have to cosider the technological , natural changes that can take place in this time period .

I agree with the prediction that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today by considering the technological revolutions or natural changes that have a great probablity to happen .

Technology is progressing day by day and we are getting a great invention of science in the period of two or three years .
Taking this fact into the account , we can think of the time when most of us will use aeroplanes or some other vehicles to travel from one place to other and fewer cars .

Our natural resources such as food and water , are becoming scarce because of their exploitation by human being and his intervention in the ecological system in a bad manner .
And the resources may reach upto the level when only few people will have access to these and people will not be able to afford expensive vehicles such as cars at that time due to limited money .
and This will result in decrement of people using cars .

Also in predicting the future of cars , we can not neglect the calamities and disasters that may happen in the time period specified .
For example , an earthquake that destroys the whole human civilization on earth comes and some of the people survive this disaster .
They have to restart the whole work from the scratch .
And , they may not be able to reproduce devices like cars to travel from one place to other or at that time it may not become cost effective to have more number of cars than there are today .

In summary , taking into account the great technological progress that is going on and the exploitation of natural resources by the human being at a fast pace , we can predict the future of the cars as being used in lesser numbers in the coming twenty years .
I agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
It is hard to agree with one or the other .
But there are several reasons that drawn me into this conclusion .

First , having a lot of knowledge of many academic subjects will give you different views of things .
I believe that it will help you grow as a person .
When you encounter a problem , if you know that there are more then one side on everything in this world and be able to try to look at the problem from other sides , it will be easier for you to get through the problem .
However , if you are into just one thing , even though you know a lot about it , because all you have learned in your life is your specialization , you will have hard time passing through those problems .

Second , it might seem great to specializing in one specific subject , but there always are greater people above you .
And more you are into the subject , more you suffer from not being the best .
This argument fails unless you are not the best .
But how many bests are there ?
Yes , one .
there are more chances for you to be the non-best .

Third , let me put this whole quesion into the real world .
If you are specialized in one subject .
You might get paid well .
You might get a good spot at work .
But you are not a hero at home .
You are just a person , who brings a lot of money to your house .
However , if you have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , people that matters , your family will appreciate you being able to answer questions about a lot of things .
I would rather be a hero at home with my family I care about then a hero at work to have a happy life .

The opinion you come up with on this subject has a lot to do with what kind of person you are .
I am a kind of person , who values my friends and family .
It is important to for me to stay heppy and not depressed .
It could be a waste of life for some people .
But to me , having good time means living the life the fullest .
I do not want to live my life suffering .
That is why I agree that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
The growing pace of technology and the ever increasing demand of intellectuals and learned people , in today 's world , is giving way to the traditional mode of acquiring knowledge and educating one 's self .
It is becoming increasingly important to be well versed with a variety of academic subjects , and I very much support this point of view .

A broad knowledge base is very important in tackling problems .
One need to have an overall knowledge relating to various fields to be able to solve the problem efficiently and easily .
A multi disciplinary approach is required in all most all fields now .
It not only quickens up the process , but at the same time saves a lot of man - hours , money and time .
For example , a students working in the field of environemental sciences needs to have a strong academic background on various subjects such as waste management , water conservartion , climate change , environmental pollution , bio diversity and so on .
Environment just does not mean greenery and your surroundings , as is commonly percieved .
thus one needs to a good knowledge base to be working in the feild .

At the same time a , multi - disciplined background doest not limit our thought process .
It enables us to venture into various fields , learn and gather knowledge about them .
It is indirectly helpling us to improve our personality and become an intctllectual and refined person .

A broad knowledge base also ensures professional success .
Today one may be working in the environemtal department of a company but tomorrow because of the field trips , interactions with the people and experience gained by the person he / she may be placed in the social department of another company at a better postion and a well - deserved salary too .

Thus , i would like to conclude by saying that a `` Jack of all trades is better than master on none '' .
As an undergraduate student I know the importance of understanding ideas and concepts more than facts .
Why ?
Well because I believe that the idea has the important information .
Sometimes it is not necessary to know specific things about a theme , it is more important to understand the central idea , so that the facts can be used as reference .
For example , if a topic is a difficult one , it can be easier for someone to understand the idea first , so that later he or she can analyze the fact , solve problems using the fact , or investigate other facts .

I think that if someone undestands the central idea and if that person is able to explain it to someone else , in a way that he can understand it too , it means that he has already learned the important thing .
I am sure that to explain the idea he will use the fact he analized before , so he has already relationed the fact and the idea .

If the person remembers the facts .
I am not sure , but I believe that most people cannot accept a fact unless they understand why is that .
It is not easy to tell somebody that something is going to happen in a certain way if something else .
As a good example we have kids , they are always asking why is this , or that , and they do not stop asking until they understand the answer , and as they grow up they learn that facts have an explanation .

I know that there are some facts that someone has to know , some basic things people has to understand , like the meaning of a green light , because this is a sign that means the same in the whole world , but facts like this are few , that is why I think that it is more important to understand the idea o concept .
I disagree the statement , `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ''

I personally like to travel very much and I have been both on a group tour and on my own .
Although being on a tour was very helpful in a way which it gave me a lot of information that I was not familiar with regarding the places I was visiting , I still prefer traveling on my own for several reasons .

First of all , if I plan my trip and book flights , hotels , and so forth , it is usually cheaper because I am not paying an additional fee that is going to be paid to the tourist company .

Secondly , I would like to take time at places I go .
In a tour , you have to think about other people in the same group , so you cannot take as much as time you want at a certain point during a tour .
But if I travel on my own , I can create my own schedule based on what I like to do and what I am interested in .
It also gives me freedom and flexibity on changing the schedule wherever and whenever if I feel like .

Thirdly , I like to go to such local places as people markets and street-car restaurants where most tours would not cover .
I like to talk to the local people and find out where they really go .
I think one of the things about travel that would excite me is that travelling like living .
Of course I am a traveller , but at the same time , I would like to learn about the city or country in depth from the perspectives of local people .
Places that you go on a tour are probably the most beautiful parts of the city or country , which do not necessarily reflect the characteristics of the city or the country that you 're travelling .
Therefore , I would like to go to local places that I would not get to visit as a tour group in addition to famous sight seeing spots .

As a fourth point , I think that a quality of a tour mostly depends on a quality of a tour guide .
I have had a tour guide who did not have enough experience .
Because she lacked the efficiency , we wasted some time or failed to gain certain infomation .
The worst tour guide I have had was the person who discriminated people in the county that she was guiding .
She would tell us distorted stereotypical images toward people and places there .
I could not stand the way she perceived those people and the way other tourists would accept her words without any critical analyses .
Since a quality of a tour has much to do with a quality of a tour guide , it is pretty unpredictable whether the tour would be nice or not .
I would not take such a risk while paying a lot of money .

Finally , I do not want to travel with many strangers .
For me , travelling is something I do for my own pleasure and interest .
I would hate being distracted by the people unnecessarily and also would not want to accomonate in their way .
The time I am on travel is one of the most precious time I appreciate .
That 's why I would like to travel on my own or with friends and family that I would feel comfortable with throughout the trip .

For all the reasons above , I disagree the given statement , `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ''
I agree to the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today for three reasons .
Thinking of the polluted air and the growing width of the ozone halles , the number of cars must be reduced whether we like it or not for the survival of the global citizens .

First of all , we have to improve the condition of the polluted air .
In developing countries , such as China and Korea , they have a growing number of automobiles , which causes even worse air pollution .
Also developed countries , such as the United States , have as great numbers of cars as before , as they are used to the convenient way of life with automobils .
However , we have to have clean air to survive on the earth .
If we continue to live in this polluted air , much more people would die because of polluted air .
We have to do something for the betterment of human beings .

Secondly , there will be less amount of petral available to keep the cars running .
Oil is not sustainable resource and it will be used up if we keep using it .
To obtain enough amount of oil , there will be more cases of international conflicts and wars .
Therefore we have to think of alternative ways of transportation , such as public transportation , car sharing , and even walking to work .

Thirdly , the number of people who can buy a car will decrease because of widening of the gap between the rich and the poor .
These days , the rich get richer and the poor get poorer , and unfortunately , the number of the poor outnumber the rich in many cases .

This is why I have to agree that we must reduce the number of cars in twenty years , although I now indulge the luxury of driving to work .
I really have to think of what I can do to improve this environmental issue of the world .
The concepts and the ideas that a person has developed in a particular subject is a direct implication of the amount of profound knowledge that he has acquired in that subject .
In my view understanding the ideas and the concepts is more important for a student that to learn the facts .
Facts just act as the supporting information to the concepts and the ideas , but they do not play a major role in learning about the subject .

In any major stream , the person who knows the concepts and who is capable of understanding the ideas will have the leading voice .
For example , in a software industry the facts are not at all considered .
They just act as the background information for the work that should be done .
The main thing that matters is the concepts and the ideas .
Furthermore , if we take any entrance exam or any academic examination the main emphasis is on the type of the ideas that student is capable of generating for a particular problem .
A minor importance is given to the facts .

Fact just support the ideas and the concepts .
They act as the evidences only .
For example , many of the scholars and the scientists had a firm believe in their concepts and the ideas and moved forward but they never considered the facts .
Only after they arrive at a conclusion about the study upon which they are working , then they co-relate this result with the facts .
Fact are not reliable .
Generally facts change when a new discovery has been made .
But the concepts and the ideas will not change .
They are the building blocks of the subject .
Facts just support the concepts and the ideas .

Further , when a person has a strong knowledge about the facts about a particular subject , which generally tend to change then he may not have a profound knowledge about the subject .
The amount and the depth of the concept that an individual has in any core subject is a basis on which his knowledge in the subject is measured .
And also , a person who has the keen and the depth knowledge is likely to get fruitful results than to a person whose main emphasis is on the facts .

Furthermore , in an elementary school and in the high when the students are at a tender age the main emphasis is upon the concept but not on the facts .
Facts are given minor importance there .

In sum , i think that the ideas and the concepts play a major role for a student than when compared to the facts .
Well actually I cannot say wheter I agree or disagree , because it depends on the situation .
For example when I want to travel without my friends and my family I would propably choose a groupe led by a tour guide .
Because then you are not completely alone and you will see a lot of the country you are travelling to .
But on the other side it is sometimes really annoying to be with a group of 20 people .
You always have to wait till everybody is back in the bus and so you waste a lot of time waiting for people .

And of course you are not as independent as you would be travelling alone .
Because the tour guide has his programme to do .
For example I have been to England with my mother in June and we did not want to drive by our own and so we decided to travel with a group .
But sometimes we really missed to do the things we want to do .
Because someday we were in this really nice village but we had just 30minutes there bevore the bus left again , but that was just not enough time to enjoy this .
Especially not , when the place you visit after that is absolutly not compareable to this nice village .

So normally when I travel with my parents we do not travel with a group , because it is more comfortable .
And then my father always prepares very good so that he takes the part of the guide and shows us everything , although this is sometimes more exhausting than travelling in a group .
Because my father has a really strict timetable for the things he wants to see and so we have to get up very early and come back to the hotel late in the afternoon .

So in my opinion it depends on the situation .
Normally I would not choose travelling by a group , but when you travel alone it is the best way .
For example I am now in Australia and when my language course finished I also want to travel around , but I do not want to travel by my own , because I think it is comforting to now that you are not alone and will not get lost .

So I really cannot say wheter travelling by your own or travelling by group is better , because both kinds of travelling have their advantages and disadvantages .
Life is a game it is to enjoy in the right path but its not bed of roses unfortunately .
The word enjoy is a word which people universally are familiar with and there no human who does not want to enjoy life .
The preference in the way to enjoy life might differ from person to person .
Enjoying the one which we all like makes us happy , keeps us away from problems which we think of all the time and brood over it .
Enjoyment does improve the life style and the way we look at our lives .
We do learn much while we enjoy something we relish .

But people do have certain restrictions as they grow old it might be the decrease in interest , mental stress , much work , heavy responsibilities and ofcourse health conditions .
There is the fact that its how an individual wants to lead life .

I personally feel that the younger generation these days are enjoying more than the older people do that could be mainly because there are many areas which offer people to enjoy especially for the youngsters .
Secondly the youngsters of today are much bold and courageous and the way they look at lfe is diffrent than how the older people do .

The youngsters are much aware of what is happening in and around the world and even that arouses the scope to enjoy .
Even the stress that younger people have theses days is much , which ever field they are up to stresses them and thats because we are into the computer world and the rate of competition is much higher and keeps growing and hence to over come the amount of stress and to stay away from the stress is to enjoy thats the only way one can do

When i was kid there were hardly any house that had a Television but now every house does have and most of the children love watching television they really enjoy it .
There were no computers in houses 22 years back but today most children enjoy playing games , watch a movie , browse the net , chat and so on .

As people have changed there life styles even the society builds much more corners giving the way for the younger people to choose what they like to enjoy the most .
Younger people enjoy concerts both jazz and pop .
There are places for the week ends that does give way for the youngsters to dance and relax themselves .
There are resorts in almost all places where the youngsters can hang around in the weekends and in the holidays .

Thirdly there are wide ranges which one can choose to enjoy life and it is also safer and healthier .
Which ever one chooses its within his or her own reach .

Certainly the stress , the explosure to the world , the rate of competition , the wide varities one can choose is making youngsters enjoy life better or more than older people .
It is definitely beneficial to have broad knowlegde of many acadamic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are many reasons and examplpes to support this , from history of past centuries to the day today .

Having broad knowledge about many subjects leads to a broader scope of developement both for the individual and for the society .
It helps to solve certain problems which involve complexities and interrelation of two or more subjects .

From the past history we can relate many persons who have been successful in their work because of having a broader knowlege about other subjects .
For example , Leonardo Da Vinci was an artist , a philosopher , a scientist , an inventor and a sculptor .
Many of the historians believe that his paintings and his sculptures had a great resemblense with the true humans .
And they state that this special resemblense came because of his interest in anatomy of the human body .
It may be noted that science and arts are two different subjects .

Also there was a misconception in the earlier days of development of science that few subjects or propeties were independent , like mathematics and physics ; electricity and magnetism .
But they were proved to be wrong .
Mathematics was invented for counting and developed for its applications in science .

Surely one would not desire to use integration , differenciation and geometry for counting .
Even today , the technology is being changed rapidly and many subjects are becoming interrelated .
For example , computing and electronics .
Thus it is often good to have much knowledge about many academic subjects , rather than to specialize in one specific subject .
I disagree with the statemment that traveling in a group with a tour guide is the best way to travel .

One reason why I think it is not the best way is that a group contains to many different characters and opinions .
The issue is that people like different things ; for example , if one is in a group , visiting a museum , some members of the group would rather focus on the really known paintings , meanwhile , other people would rather rush thrue the entire museum to see all of it just incase they wo n't have enough time in the end and other may just like to look at one painting for an huge amount of time .
Keeping this example in mind , how would you sattisfay each and every character at a tour ?
In my opinion it is not possible and I rather look at each painting , at an amount of time which is convinient for me and look just at paintings I am interested in instead of trying to keep up with a group .

Add to that , if you take something like an entire trip , one would have to follow the tour guid and may miss some interesting places he might would have seen if he would have been by hisself or with just a few people .

Take my last trip for example , I went with my parents to San Francisco and drove all the way down to Los Angeles .
I planed the entire trip and focused just on my parents and my passions like amazing views over the bay , visiting Monterey , driving thrue some dessert , driving across the Golden Gate Bridge and visiting those nice little country cities on the way down there .
While we were in Los Angeles , we were mostly on the beach instead of visiting Los Angeles .
Just a few weeks later , my friend took a tour from San Francisco to Los Angeles .
First off al she was cold in San Francisco because she did n't expect this cold weather .
We did n't expect it either but we did n't have a tour guid and could stop to buy a sweater for each one of us .
Furthermore she did n't have any idea what Monterey looked like , she saw the Bay bridge just from far away .
The last horrible memory she told me was that instead of watching sunset on one of those great cliffs she was chasing her group thrue Los Angeles and saw Mansions of `` Stars '' she never heard of .

My oipinion is clear , I will never travel in a group led by a tour guid .
By the way , my parents enjoyed our trip and think it is one of the greatest they ever had .
I diagree with this statement : In my opinion you should concentrate on one - or at most two - academic subjects .

The first reason you should do so is that academic subjects and modern sciences have developed to a pretty high level .
Furthermore , a lot of ways to specialize - meaning minor topics - are available in each distinct subject .
Thus , you may not gain the abilities and experience which is necessary to work as a profession in a certain subject , if you do not concentrate on this single one eagerly .

Second , if you keep on wandering among too many subjects during your time at college or university you may easily loose track of what you are heading for with your education .
On the contrary , if you stick to one paticular subject there will not be too much difficulty in earning a master 's degree in this one within a usual period of time .

I have made the experience of studying mathematics and physics both as majors at the same time myself .
Although these subjects are definetely related to each other and one might guess that there are a lot of connections which make it easier to advance in these ones than it would be with any different combination , it still is very demanding : Working on both subjects has taken almost all of my time and thereby did not leave much room for leisure activities not related to university .
Furthermore , I sometimes felt like being lost in a sea of too many choices : As a result of my intense studies I got to know really a lot of minor subjects which I could specialize on in my diploma thesis and most of which seemed to be interesting .
Thus , I felt like sticking at a point where it was hard to make a decision ; had I not started off with both subjects , the decision which topic to work on would be easier , as I would not have come in touch with so many promising topics .
In addition , it would definitely not be possiple for me to work on one more subject no matter how few the additional workload might be .

Finally , instead of working on too many subjects , I would recommend everyone to train his so called `` soft skills '' .
This means that people should try to engage in community activities and social programms rather than working on another academic subject .
This will give them a sense of how to work with different people , which is really important for their future carrer : For business as well as for university research it is important to effectively work , discuss and find proper solutions together with other persons .

Resulting from these reasons my conclusion is that you should not try to master as many academic subjects as possible , but rather try to concentrate on one academic subject and different social activities .
BIG EXPECTATIONS
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my point of view , advertisements are the masks that products wear .
With those masks on their faces , you can not understand the products ' quality .
Because advertisements are just hiding the reality .

To start with an example to illustrate the advertisements ' show side , there was an advertisement of a chocolate and on the advertisements the whole school was eating it because the chocolate tasted very nice and it included more calcium in it than it included the chocolate .
However , when I bought and tried it , it was awful and when I read the ingredients of the product , I saw that there is very little calsium in it .
The advertisement was just a lie .
The chocolate on the advertisement was wearing the mask that I mentioned before .

Moreover , the advertisements hide the reality in the sense that they do not allow - and can not-the consumers to try the products .
Behind the scene , they just appear as they would be demanded .
May be if a consumer tries the product on television , he or she will find lots of bad sides of it .
Since it is the relationship between supply and demand , the advertisers just give what is demanded by curtailing the real ingredients of a product .

All in all , according to my opinion , advertisement business is a show business .
Show requires lies , small tricks and big and pink expectations .
Advertisement shows give these tricky things in such an intelligent way to its audiences that they want to make that audience to buy and consume that product .
Whether the product is as it is shown or not is not their primary concern .
So most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are just to attract people and make them buy that products .
I absolutely disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Firstly , the population is still growing worldwide .
Secondly , mobility will be at least as imporant in twenty years as today .
Finally , many countries will continue their economic growth which will also lead to an increasing demand of cars .

Obviously , the population is still growing worldwide .
Already about 6 million people live in the world and in twenty years about 8 million people will live on earth .
Thus , more cars will be needed than today , since , for example , more people will have to drive to work or they will go shopping with their car .

Mobility is very important in our society and it is likely to become even more important in future , since companies demand that their employees are flexible and mobile .
So you wo n't probably find a job if you are not flexible and mobile .
In addition more jobs rely on a car .

Take the booming parcel service as an example .

Finally , as countries are persuing their economic growth , more cars well be needed to make this growth possible .
When new industries develop also new houses will be build .
This will cause more traffic on our roads .
So new infrastructure must be build .
This process will repeat several times in 20 years .
And we will end up with even more cars than today .

In my opinion , in twenty years there will be much more cars in use than today .
The reasons are obvious , the population is gorwing everywhere and will continue so .
Mobility will also remain crucial in a modern society .
And of course booming economie will also lead to more cars , which will be nece
Although some people say that they best way to travel is in the group led by a tour guide , but I cocnsider that the best way to travel is traveling alone because of several resosns such as spending private time , and can plan the best suitable tour for myself .

Actually .
there are few positive aspects that people should travel as a group with a tour guide .
The tour guide knows a lot of information about the place where we visits : therefore , we can know a lot of interesting information though the tour guide , which the outsider cannot be told usually .
For instance , when I visited Canada , I traveled with tour guide and we could get a lot of local and interesting information about Canada , However , to great extent , traveling by myself is a lot of better than traveling as a gourp led by a tour guide .
If we travel with a tour guide , we cannot usually decide where to go , but every single travel plan would be decided by tour guide .
Therefore , we cannot get free time or spend the time for something we want .
Even though , we do not know much about the place , we can easily use internet or book to make the plan , and prepare for our trip by ourselves .
Therefore , we do not really need to have a tour guide for trip .

Aslo , traveling as a group might bring some problem , when someone in the group has a disability on their physical strength .
For example , if some one very old is in the group then we might need to spend extra time for them because they might not be able to move as fast as young people do .
Also , if someone gets injure on the way of the trip , we need to go to hospital or need to spend time for them .
On the other hand , individual traveling does not have these troubles as much as traveling as a group .
Therefore , I prefer to make a trip as a individual rather than led by a tour guide .

Moreover , I prefer to have a lot of private time rather than spending time with such a huge group .
Therefore , I prefer to spend the private time with myself during the traveling by the car or transportation , Based on my oppinion , the best way to travel is individual traveling rather than travel as a huge group led by tour guide .
Even thoug , tour guide well-planed our tour , I prefer to spend my private time for only myself .
Moreover , I can get a lot of help by reading the book or using the Internet , in order to make the most interesting tour plan for me .
Therefore , I disagree to the idea that the bestr
A community can not stand up alone .
The government does its best to improve its community .
Those in charge do what they can inorder to help their communities .
But the question is : can the government or those in charge improve a community by themselves ?
In other words , can they improve a community without the help of young people ?

Some young adults think that they have nothing to do with their community .
They think that it is not their responsibilty to help their communities .
Others believe that they have to help their community , even if they do not have enough time .
In my opinion , young people nowadays should devote time to helping their communities .
There are several reasons why they should do this .

First , those in charge can not perform all their jobs or activities alone .
They need support and help from the young people .
For example , if the government decides to build a healthy , clean club for the sake of young people , can this happen if a young people enters this club smoking a cigaratte or if h/she throws a waste paper ?
Moreover , the youth should help keeping the river and streets clean because this would make their community healthy and free of any pollution .

Second , young people should help their communities by devoting time and money to charity 's activities .
For example , they would visit an orphanage , play with orphans , buy them new clothes and toys , and so on .
This would help in building up a flourishing , kind community .

In conclusion , there are many reasons why young adults should devote enough time to help their communities .
They have to support the governement in new project by avoiding doing such bad habits as smoking or throwing wates in the streets or rivers .
Second , they may help the community by performing charities ' activities which would help the community in lifting up the spirits of the poor and the orphans .
Thus , I believe that it 'd be great if young people devote much of their time in helpinh their communities .
I agree with the idea that is better to develop knowlegde in several subjects instead of specializing in one only .

The first reason to believe it is related to the impact of knowledge on the individual .
An extensive knowledge of a single subject confines a human being to its academic subject and does n't evolve its personality at large .
On the contrary , the study of several subjects expands the limits of a person 's undestanding of life as a whole .

A second reason , focusing on the scholarly impacts of knowledge diversification , is that it offers the opportunity of a comparative approach .
An academic who is educated in several different subjects will be able to identify interesting connections between distant disciplines , thus opening the way to new approaches .
This is true not only for the academic world .
Any person who expnds her/his areas of knowledge increases her/his possibility to be successful in life .

A third reason to prefer diversificationi is that it can prevent interest from drying up .
When a person concentrates for a long period on a single subject , he/she is exposed to the risk of losing dedication or flatly identifying with a specific point of view .
Dealing with different subjects , instead , generates a relativistic approach that helps creativity and encourages new points of view .

A clear example of how culture can positively expand in a single human being is offered by some Renassaince intellectuals .
A man like Leonardo da Vinci , for example , could with its knowledge embrace almost any subject known of the time .
Even if in the present days ' reality such cases are not possible anymore because of the incommensurate expansion of human studies , the case of Leonardo still represent a valid example of how a multidisciplinary approach to knowledge can boost human brain power .

In conclusion , even if a few men can aspire to reach the erudition of Leonardo , the arguments above effectively clarify how divesrification of knowledge can benefit intellectual work .
Nowadays a lot of people like to take riks and test their own limit .
Everybode tries to hone their abillities .
Some argue that this way of life is just limited to successful people , because they achieved nearly everything else .
On the one hand , the successful people explore new things and have less concern about risks .
But on the other hand , I think , that these features are not just traits of successful people , rather a typical human behavior like eating .

The need for certain risks , new expieriences and to be good at something is part of everyones way of life .

First , risks is often connected to the hormon adrenaline .
If a person is in a dangerous situation his or her adrenaline level increases .
This is often assiciated with a drug or the feeling to be alive .
Successful people may have a greater need , because of their prior accomplishments , but this feeling and the hormon is common to every human being .

Second , the desire to try out new things and gain new expieriences is common to everyone .
For examples , young children explore their surroundings and they find mostly great joy in it .
This behaviour has obviously nothing to do with success .

Third , we live in a highly specialized world and nobody is able to be good at everything .
Successful people , to my mind , have specialized in one trait to be successful .
To learn another skill may lessen their ability to be good at their prime skill or at work .
I study electrical engineering and i have to specialize to recieve an adequate education .
Without the proper education I will not be able to find a job and because of this I will not be successful .

In conclusion , you can say that there may be a stronger appeal for successful people to experiment with new things , but the main ideas are merely human .
The successful will not experiment extensively , because they will use the etch that made them successful .
I disagree with the statement saying , `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . ''
I believe in the other way around stating , `` It 's better to specialize in one specific subject rather than go for many academic subjects . ''
I am going to provide some of my personal experiences with specific examples in the passage .

Personally , I feel I have been off track since my schooling as I needed to go for many academic subjects .
I used to have knowledge on various academic topics every year .
Once I got into higher studies , some of my subjects were of no use and I was made to stress only on certain subjects .
From then on I never practically or theoritically implemented those subjects which I left off long way back .
If I were to be specialized in any one subject I would have been a more knowledgeable person than I am today .

Secondly , having specialization in any one specific subject can build a person in a right way .
The person could be able to make a research in the subject he learnt right from his childhood .
It makes him more motivated and results in an obvious expansion of the subject whereas in having knowledge in many academic subjects could really limit a person 's true potential and ability because there will be a time factor in this case and the person may not be able to make up the time for research purposes .

Finally , another advantage of specializing in one specific subject can make less burden on the children who are made to carry bundle of books daily to schools and colleges .
Studying only one subject can make this work a bit easier .
More over the students can spend their time equally in theory as well as practical classes which is more important for a human brain to work efficiently .
There must be more practical knowledge of the learnt subject rather than only book knowledge .
The student must be able to apply what ever he learnt in his/her practical life .

I would like to conclude by stressing my point that it is advisable to have knowledge in a specific subject rather than opting for many academic subjects .
More over by specializing in any one subject of student 's interest or choice , it helps development of research in vast educational field .
There is more scope for individual development here .
Well , according to me it depends on the real time situation .
Sometimes its better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than specializing in one subject .
For example to make a living a person should be able to adapt himself in any kind of working atmosphere .
Suppose , Mr.X has done his graduation in say , chemical engineering , it does'nt guarntee him a job in chemical or any related industry cause its hard to get a job in the chemical industry as the number of employees required are fewer compared to the It industry .
If Mr.X has learnt basics about computer , which is usually thought in undergraduation school , then his chance of getting a job in a IT industry is more compared to chemical .
IT industry do require chemical engineers to deal with the clients related to chemical background and he can do a great job in understanding the problems of the client .
So , his broad knowledge about all his academics subject can get him a job .

One more example , lets talk about a paediatrician , a person ( doctor ) specialized to treat children problems .
Well he is much more familiar to diseases of a child than a grown up .
Suppose , he is travelling in a train , and suddenly there 's some problem to an accompaning passenger who is a grown up/elder person .
As a doctor his duty is to look at the problem of the person rather than saying i 'm a child specialist .
At this instance of time a broad knowledge on his academic subjects could help give a immediate initial remedy to the person before he is taken to a hospital .

At times you need to have specialization in one specific subject rather than having broad knowledge about all his academic subjects .
For example a person specialized in nuclear engineering and working in a nuclear power plant .
Well , its a must to have a specialization in that one subject subject rather than having a broad knowledge about his other academic subjects like sugar technology , petroleum engg .. , etc. , Because he is responsible for the processes going on in the plant , and any problem can cause great havoc .
At this situation its worth to have a specialization in one subject .

I , conclude by saying that it really depends on the job , the atmosphere one is working into have specialization in one subject or to have broad knowledge of many subjects .
Risking or hesitating ?

In my opinion taking risks is something that makes your life worth living .
Off course taking risks is not something that all the people are able to do , because you may have to put up with the eventual negative effects of having done a certain choice .

So if you have a strong personality , if you are audacius , you can go throgh the `` experience of risk '' and most of the time you will have positive feedbacks .
In my personal experience something happened that makes me strongly support this idea .
My father has been working for all his life for some technology company , but one time he had to handle with the terrible `` mobbing practices '' which are conceived to put a person under a psycological pressure .
He decided to leave the company before being fired , and so he took a great risk putting our family in a condition of economic uncertainty .
Then he took another great risk deciding to start running is own bussiness .
Right now he is really happy and satisfyed because everything is going in the right direction .

I 'm not telling that everytime you take a risk there will be something more positive waiting for you , but if you 'll never try to do that you might regret the fact of not having been enough brave .

Furthermore if you keep on doing something that is really familiar to you , something of which you have a perfect knowledge about the possible consequences , you won ' never experience excitement and your existence will be flat and annoying .
So taking the risk is something that everybody should do , in order to gain self-confidence .
Because most of the times this is a way to understand as far as you can push your limits letting you know that possibilities are infinite .
I have been a student in an education system , which gives importance on learning facts rather than understanding ideas and concepts , for 16 years in my country .
Therefore , I have the ability as a student to discuss on the advantages and disadvantages of learning facts .
On the other hand , I will mention about the significancy of understanding the ideas and concepts basing on my knowladge rather than my experince .

In my education life , I have learned so many facts especially in my biology lessons .
Learning facts are necessary for a student in order to extend his or her knowladge , however , memorazing is not a good way of learning facts since you forget them in time partly or completely if you do not study again .
For example , I do not remember some of the facts that I have learned in my high school about biology .
In addition , learning facts without understanding them takes too much time since you try to learn a new thing that you have no idea .
In this case , as the time you study increases you get bored and usually stop studying .
Moreover , learning facts only also diminishes your creativity .
When you memorize the facts and then do well in the exam , you do not even think the rest of the fact such as ; what is the behind this fact or how this fact is related to other fact .

Understanding ideas and concepts rather than learning facts is a second way to study .
Firstly , understanding a topic completely is a time saving method since you can guess on the methods that have nearly same working principle .
Furthermore , understanding ideas makes you feel confident before the exam , yet you can use your mind and find the answer though you do not know the topic totally .
To illustrate , in my machine elements class , although i had not studied the helical springs , i could have find the answer by using my knowladge on the linear springs .

As i have mentioned before , i have learned too many facts up to now in my student life .
However , i have come to the conclusion that understanding ideas is better .
I totally agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
No matter if people are successful in their carreer or in sports , they probably have made the experience that without trying something new and putting something at risk nothing will change .
Success is a process not a static thing .

Success will happen just in a frame of time .
For example a product , lets say a mobile phone .
The first series of mobiles had appeared years ago .
They had been a great success for nokia , siemens etc .
But if this companies did invest in research to invent new features , better technologies , the product mobile phone would not be interesting until now , because after a certain amount of time everyone would have owned a mobile and this companies would be nor more successfull .
This point bolsters the statement that success comes with trying new things .

That people have to take risks is also very good shown by people who are very successful in sports .
For example ski flyers .
They have to improve their techniques every time .
Trainers try to achieve better results of them in teaching them new methods , inventing new material .
If this sportsmen would just rely on what they did last season how could it be possible that every year the results are new high scores and records .
On the other hand trying out new thins also risks their ability to win .

In conclusion I would like to say that people that are successful are aware of the fact that there is a need for development and risk for every single success .
A famous statement says that the success will not come following the mass to the sea but looking for the spring .
Thats what the point is , you have to walk on individual pathes and not on the pathes of somebody else .
It is hard to agree or disagree with such a statement .
In my opinion it is obviously a double edge statement .
First of all it depends on the way one may define the expression `` successful people '' .
What does `` being successful '' mean ?
Someone who does something well is successful .
Howvever it is true that if you understand the expression `` successful people '' as being rich then the statement might be relevant .
Let 's take the example of financial markets .
The more risks you take the more money you can earn .
This is what is happening nowadays and what can explain the growing number of financial mecanisms .
The success , or the money here , is considered as a counterpart of th risk one may have taken .
It does n't necessarily mean that people who simply do what they already know to do well are not successful , in fact it means that one may become even more successful taking risks .

Nevertheless , in this case success is not assured .
And the statement is a double edge one in that sense as well .
The more risk you take the more you can loose .
As a consequence the statement could turn out to be reversed .

Finally , taking risks is even different from trying new things .
Trying new things is not necessarily very risky .
And successful in this case could be understood as `` recognized '' , by society for example .

For instance , an inventor .
Someone who invents objects or who discovers phenomenas , because he is very smart and because he has tried to go beyond what he already knew , will be considered as a successful person and will be recognized and remembered as a successful person .

As a conclusion , I would say the relevance of the statement depends on the definition one can give to the words and the way you understand it .
In twenty years from now , there is a high possibility that there will be an increase in the number of cars in use than there are today .
The car even though was considered a luxury item earlier , has now become household .
The main reasons that can be cited are the average per capita has been on an increase over the past few years .

The people from the middle class families are growing richer and many of these families are of the opinion that there many uses of buying a car .
The average cost of a journey comes to very less when the entire family goes on a trip .
Instead of going and hiring cars or waiting in the queue to get the seats reserved in trains and which some times may go invain , owning a car is much better option .
The prices of the cars had also dropped to a large extent attracting the people even from normal qualities to buy a car .
Now a days most of the cars can also be made to run on natural gas which also saves lots of money on travelling .
In addition to all these the cars also provide employment to many people and as the population is evergrowing many people might show interest in driving taxis for their livelihood .

The cars can come very handy when both the husband and wife are working in near by places when one can drop the other on their way towards their office and dropping their children on their way to schools .

There has been also been an observed decrease in the cars causing pollution to environment with the improved technologies such as zero engine noises that reduces sound pollution many a times .
In addition to it the use of alternate sources of fuel has brought down the environmental pollution .
Thus not causing any threat to environment .

Also the chance of getting injured during accidents are comparatively less while driving cars when compared with two wheelers owing to the fact that they have safety belts and are protected from all sides .
thus car provides a much safer travel .

Now a days cars are coming in new designs and are also becoming easier to handle and are coming with such sophistications that many get attracted to .

The reduction in pollution and new models of cars coming everyday with ultimate satisfaction to customers and the costs also getting lowered and the growth of the percapita income will mainly cause an increase in the usage of cars in the coming twenty years
As matter of fact , the issue whether the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide is a complex one .
Different person has his own oppnions according to his background .
As for me , I would like to agree that the best way to travel is travel alone , but not travel led by a tour guide .
The following discussion will provide evidence to support my claim .

First of all , travelers could have more flexible time to operate without a tour guide .
Because if travelor follow a tour guide , it means he entered in a traveling plan made by a comany , it also mean that all the attractions , time , restaurent are scheduled and fixed .
So , the traveler can not do anything just follow the schedule and lack a lot of fun .
But if the travelor have a trip alone , it can easily change a plan .
For example , if we find another attraction during a trip , we can easily stop to see it .
if we like to chinese food , it is ok , we can enter a Chinese restaurent instead of KFC , Burger King and so on .
Do n't you think the example quoted above could reach the conclusion that travelors could more flexbily opperate time according to their likeness and dislikeness .

Secondly , travelers who take a trip by themself without a tour guid could exercise their abilities in organizing , planning and preparation .
If the traveler take the trip alone , it means that he need book the hotel in advance , organize the route and so on .
But if the traveler enter a group led by a tour guide , all he have to do is following to the guide .
For example , i took a trip to Washingtone DC this summer .
At first , i have to book a hotel , and then prepare for the problems and plan for the travel .
After all this done , I feel that my ability of planning is improving .
That is great !
Do n't you think ?
Thus , the example persuasively illustrate that travel alone help much in personal ability .

Admittedly , travel alone without a tour guid has it 's own demerits .
since travelers are usually familiar with the place that they are going to , it could cause a lot problems such as lost .
However , the advantages of travel alone weight much than disvantages of that .
So the it is more striking conclusion .

To sum up , due to the discussion mentioned above , the reasons which combined together could be more persuasive than any single one .
It is more comfortable for us to claim that the best way to travel is travel alone .
Young people are usually the subjects of criticism .
Older generation tend to criticize the younger people mainly for the cultural differences created over the course of time .
For instance , it is not difficult to hear complaints by older people that younger people these days are less polite and that young people are blamed for destroying the right usage of words and instead , creating slangs .
However , these are problems simply created from discrepencies between generations .
The statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities also is one of these unjustified criticisms or simple misunderstanding .
For various reasons , whether it is from warm-hearted sympathy or simply for college admissions , young people nowadays actually spend more time in social services .
They also tend to participate more as a community member due to increase opportunities for them .

In the generations of grandmothers or even fathers , there have not been such vigorous demand for good education .
As the generation moved on the the information age , better education is highly preferred against primitive education .
The general trend of the United States is moving toward marrying men with college degree ; a recent study showed that those without graduation certificates are having much more difficulties in marriage .
Due to this increasing demand of higher education , young people these days are preparing to receive better education in more famous colleges .
The colleges insist that students should demonstrate not only academic abilities but also their participation in communities and social services .
In fact , I have seen some students in my high school with more than 300 hours of community work .
When I went to a camp , I met a girl who was awarded for doing 1000 hours of community service .
Although there is another hidden purpose of getting advantage in admission to better colleges , as a whole , these young people are helping their communities more .

In addition , it is important that the definition of helping the communities is not limited to mere social services .
Helping the communities might mean serving as a part of a club , or even attending certain institutions .
Compared to the past , there are many more opportunities for young people to be involved as a member of their communities ; for instance , there is well-known club called Interact Club that help the society through activities like fund-raising or car wash .
Attending institutions such as libraries or working as internship in local hospitals , in the long run , produce much more educated and experienced people , which is beneficial and helpful to the communities around them .

It is true that there are several traditioned ruined due to the rapid rise of young generation ; yet , it is not right to criticize the young people blindedly .
Though it may not be from the warm-hearted sympathy , younger people tend to participate more in community service for the admission and are more of direct parts of the society due to increased opportunities .
With increased propaganda or campaigns on televisions that people who are warm-hearted and know how to appreciate the communities around them are more preferred over cold-hearted selfish people , there is no doubt that the number of people helping their communities will increase even more in the future .
In the daily life , we are surrounded with advertisements , whatever we may do : listen to the radio , take the train , watch television ...
Yet , we can wonder whether these advertisements really reflect the truth .
Do not they sometimes make products seem better than they really are ?
Do truthful advertisements exist ?

On the one hand , we can think that advertisements only consist in showing a product : nothing can really be biased this way .
Indeed , in an advertisement , a product is shown , described and sometimes we see how it works ( for an electronic device for instance ) .
So , how can we possibly we cheated on ?
They make products the way they are .
For example , when you see on television an advertisement for a new type of cake for children , you see a new type of cake on the screen and nothing more .
The product seems to us just how it is .

However , we can think that a lot of marketing is involved in the conception of an advertismnent .
Consequently , every advertisment is carefully thought and designed so as to make us buy the product .
That is why the advertisement makers try to play with our feelings .
For example , more and more products in the advertisements are described as healthy , or good if people are on a diet ...
Advertsiments makers use the new trend for health , diet ...
that has been running for some months .
They try to make every prodcut look healthy , even though it is not .
For example , every product with an original high rate of fat is described as `` lighter in fat '' but hey omit to add that there is still a considerable amount of fat in it .
Another way of making products seem better is the use of small letters .
For example , for a loan , you will see in big letters that you can get a loan in no time , but when you read carefully , you notice how much it costs ...
The same thimng happen when you suscribe something with an internet supplier : an attractive price is written in big letters in the advertisement , but when you read more carefully the small letters , you notice that the rent of the modem is not included , that this price is the one if you engage for three years ...
Another tool for the advertisments makers to make the product better-looking to us is the use of a `` star '' to present it .
People who identify with this `` star '' think that if such a person uses this product , it must be wonderful .

To conclude , we can say that people have to be very careful with advertisements .
Indeed , even though they sound like truth , they are not really the truth .
Most advertisements are conceived so as to make the product seem much better than it is , so as to convince us to buy it .
How to be successful ?
Is it rather by only repeating thing that you already know how to do well or rather by trying new things ?
On the one hand , I think that to succeed in anything , everyone has to practise .
For instance , a tennis player , before winning competitions , has to practise for hours and even days .
When you repeat something , it becomes easier to complete and you will even be able to do it faster and more accurately .
The first time you try something , you will most likely fail .
Then , with the habit of doing it , you will improve yourself .
Consequently , successful people may be successful because they have practised enough and now know how to do well .

But on the other hand , with only repeating the same acts , maybe you will stop thinking .
You will begin to act mechanically , therefore you wo n't have the will to improve yourself .
So I am strongly convinced that trying new thing is also very important : you have to learn not to be afraid of what you have never met before .
For instance , I have studied mathematics and I was told by my teachers to practise with long and complex problems , that I had never seen before , rather than with small and repetitive exercises , with a view to learning how to deal with new questions .

Moreover , if at some moments of your life you do n't take risks , if you do n't put yourself in danger , if you always want to be secure , you may lose many opportunities : for instance , if you want to get a better job for which you are not quite prepared , you must be courageous and not be afraid to apply for it , to tru everything to get it .

To conclude , the solution of this concern is far from easy .
What would be the best behavior ?
To my mind , both are relevant , but at different moments .
You should n't hesitate to try new things , even if you feel unprepared , but to succeed in new things you must always keep in mind everything that you already know : what you know how to do well can prove very useful to do new things .
The issue of whether or not to travel in a group led by a tour guide is controversial .
Some people think that a guide is important to lead them to the most popular places .
Others believe they can travel by themselves without the help of a guide .
In fact , I agree that people do n't really need to travel in groups led by tour guides due to two basic reasons .

Cearly , traveling in a group led by a tour guide impose many restrictions .
Everybody need to be prompt .
In case of an emergency or lateness , people might lose one whole day becasue the guide wo n't be waiting for them .
They need to manage themselves usually staying in the hotel watching television .
This might cause alot of inconvenience , such as getting bored .
Instead , people traveling without being restricted by a group , can take their time to do what they want .
For example , they will take the needed time to sleep and rest .
Furthermore , they would have the option of changing their destination whenever they want .
For intance , if they planned on going to Disney Land then knew about another place , they wo n't hesitate a minute to change their plan .

Truely , the tour guide will have greater knowledge about the most tourist visited places .
This does n't mean that people traveling alone do n't know where they 're going .
There are many resources available to people , where they know the wonderful places in a specific country .
For instance , people can surfe the internet or visit agencies .
These places provide almost all what is needed to know .

Evidently , people traveling in groups face many problems that leads to vacation ruining .
On the other hand , traveling alone does n't mean being lost .
Yet , It means having more relaxation , time and opinions .
Looking at the television , newspapers , books , or even our own environment , we can easily view successful people who live a valuable and meaningful life .
Some may argue they merely did what they already knew how to do well .
However , two successful models , Tyra Banks and Ki-Man Lee , contradict the idea .

First , Tyra Banks took a new step to be a model when she could have just gone to the college she was already accepted .
When she was only seventeen years old , Tyra banks decided to take a new step : being a model .
She immediatley goes to Paris in France and looks for opportunities .
However , it was not easy as it sounds .
She lived in a small apartment , cramped with twenty other models , away from her family .
Everyday , in oder to get a job , she will go to twenty five agencies a day , and will be on time for every single one of them .
After all the hardship she went through , she finally had a contract with an agancy in Paris and started to begin her career .
Of course , she continued to try her best at every situation , and finally became known to the public after seveal years .
Now , she is one of the most noted , admired , and respected models in the world .
She is now viewed as a successfull model possessing intelligence and maturity .

Second , Ki-Man Lee took a new step of being a model when he was once a wrester who weighted 230 pounds .
As a young boy , Ki-Man Lee always dreamed of being a model .
But it was only a dream for him , since he was a professional wrester who was far from having a model body .
When he was 27 years old , however , he decides to achieve his goal .
At first , people derided him for even thinking about such a goal .
But no one could stop him .
By hard work , he lost 100 pounds and fled to Paris .
Like Tyra Banks , he visited numerous agencies and was eventually accepted .
He then expanded his career to be a runway model in the most noted fashion runway .
Now , he is a famous and successful model in France , where people admire him for his determination and ambition .

In short , Tyra Banks and Ki-Man Lee transfered from doing what they already know ho to do , to attempting new things .
This enabled both of them to be successful and respected models .
People are meant to be successful if they take risks and try new things because they have the courage and determination to take a new step .
Actually , when we are students , we learn a lot of thigh without understanding exactly .
Can we say this situation is ok ?
It is controversial issue whether understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
Some people say that it is more important for students to learn facts than to understand ideas and concepts .
As for me , however , I dissents from this opinion because of following 2 reasons .
Without understanding thoroughly , we ca n't get a good score in the exam and we ca n't apply ideas and concepts to our real life effectively .

First , if students learned something in their school and they could n't understand well at that time , they could n't solve the problem in the exam about that topic .
Even though we can memorize facts what we learned whithout understanding for an exam , it ca n't be related our real knowledge .
So , right after couple of days , we will forget most of them we memorized before .
However , the facts which we understood are more impressive so it will stay our mind longer .
Therefore , compared to the the score we got when we understood ideas and concepts exactly , the score we got when we did n't understand will be poor .

Second , the matters which students learned and understood in the scools can be applicable to their daily life .
For example , imagine that in the ethic class we learned that we should give a seat to old people in the bus or subway .
If you totally understanded the facts , you will do same action in your real life .
However if you could n't understand the fact why you should do , you will not act like that .
Also , there is other example we can use the facts which we learned in the scool .
For example , when I watch movie about World War II , at that time if I learned history about the time and I could understaned the situation well , it will help me enjoy the movie well .
Like this , understanding idead and concepts can be useful to our daily life .

In conclusion , I think that just learning facts without understanding the meaning in the text is useless .
Because it will bring poor score in the examination in scool , also it ca n't be applicable to real life .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use that are today !

This is kind of complicated question , which deals with an complex answer based on different levels .

First of all , I will give a short introduction into the present situation of cars and their numbers in the world , because in my opinion it is necessary for the whole part of that complex .
After that I will give you pro and contra arguments for each thesis .
And in conclusion , I will summarize the facts , I pointed out .
Through the present paper my focus will be Germany , because a wider concentration would be too long and too complex for that essay .

Since the development of cars in the end of the 19th century and beginning 20th century by famous people like Henry Ford , cars have become an important fact and enormous increase .

In Germany cars are the most used and most important transport system , and it has actually an great effect on economy , too - e.g. think about the importance of car export in Germany .

First of all , an argument pro more cars in use in future bases on statistical phenomena .
Since the 1950s in Germany and other Western civilizations there 's an great increase of cars by nearly 5 % or more each year .
It indicates an increase in the future .

In opposite , some people say , the world or every certain region is economical limited , that means there 's no space for an unlimited increase .

Second , people say the techniques , computers and high-level knowledge become more important and will be more specialized , too .
That has a great effect to the car production , what , hence , has an effect to the number of cars , too .

In opposite , if the ecomony will grow and if the high-technique will grow , there will be an another development , which replaces cars .

Third , the more population is in Germany or in the wolrd , the more cars will be used .

But of course we know there 's a stagnation of German 's population , nowadways .

This are the major points and there are of course , a lot of more social , political and environmental aspects , too .

In conclusion , I guess there will be a balance of the cars in use and there will not be a large increase than today .
Young people are just beginning to live , while the elderly population have many experiences , both good and bad who have shaped the person they have become .
Some might say that young people enjoy life more because they can do whatever they please , they have the world at their feet .
Every person will eventually , become old and all they wil have left is the memory of their early days .
Young people might be able to do things like running , swimming , jumping faster and with more energy than the elders but there will be one time when all this energy will run out and they will become old .
Nothing is forever and we cannot get too much of a good thing .
Life is short and we have to learn to to live it to its fullest always living every moment as if it were the last .
Both young and old people can enjoy life up to the highest level if they set their minds to it .
I have recently begun to read a book called , `` Tuesdays with Morrie '' by Mitch Albom and it has really changed my opinion of life .
Morrie is Mitch 's old college professor and he is dying of a rare disease .
You would probably expect to see Morrie in a bed , feeling sorry for himself and letting his soul fall into the shadows before it is time .
Many people that are sick with a disease that has no cure give up easily and they wish they were young and full of life again .
We all get a chance to be young .
It is up to us to take advantage of it .
Getting back to the book , Morrie was a really exceptional person because he refused to fall into the ordinary pattern of dying before it is time .
Instead he tried to live what was left of this life at its fullest which , in my opinion is a really remarkable thing to do because not everyone has such amazing strength of character .

How can someone know that young people enjoy life more than old people ?
It is not possible to know this .
Nowadays , the young generation cares more about things that might seem important , such as getting a job that pays really well .
We forget that the things that we might sometimes take for granted may be the most important things to us .
Everyone can enjoy life at every age as long as they just live it , one day at a time .
Older people might sometimes enjoy life more than young people because they might remember to eliminate the unimportant , materialistic aspects fo life and embrace the most important thing in every human beings life : love .
Although there are more and more tour agencies today and more and more people are willing to be guided in a travel , I prefer to travel by myself , not in a group .

The first thing I should consider when travelling in a group is that I can not arrange all the things by myself .
That is , when travelling in a group , I should follow the certain routine and the certein time table .
I will be asked to follow the schedule step by step .
This makes me feel that I 'm a little baby who can not control itself .
But when travelling by myself .
I make my own plan according to my own taste .
I do n't need to rush in hours from one place to another .
There is a good chance that I can make my own decision .

Second , more and more tour guides have some business relationships with the merchants in some certain areas .
That is , the guides will instigate the visitors to buy the products in the local area .
And the guides will get some benefits as well as the merchants if the visitors buy the products because the guides and the merchants have some contracts .
The guides ' behavior can really mislead some visitors today .
It is more likely for the tourists to make some unwise choices and to buy some products unneccessary when led by a guide .
When travelling alone , I can make more intelligent choice when deciding which to buy and which not to buy .

At last , travelling alone is a good experience for me .
And I always have a desire to travel alone around this world , just like many youths .
When travelling alone , I will schedule all the things by myself , from making a travel plan to booking the tickets .
I think it is a necessary process in one 's life to grow up .
In fact , Although I 'm still seventeen , I have already traveled alone to many different provinces in my country , even to Hong kong .
Each time I finished these trips , I feel that I 'm more mature than before and I have gained more experiences .
My parents also think that if a person cannot do something individually , he or she will not be an adult .
In my opinion , travelling alone is a process for me to gain experience .

So , I would rather to travel alone , not travelling in a group by a tour guide because I 'm that kind of person who is very independent .
I must confess this is a tricky question to answer .
I agree to this statement only to some extent .
In fact , I strongly believe that people can enjoy their life always during their lifetime and the reason why they do so is much more connected to their personal worldview than to their age .
However , I think that there are some ineluctable elements that are closely related to age and that help to enjoy life more , but they are equally distributed between young people and old ones .
I will try to use a very simple example in order to show it .

On one hand , young people are usually healthier and have more energies than old ones .
For these reasons , they can do more activities and spend less time resting .
Secondly , they are a bit unaware of life , so they often face new challenges with more optimism .
Thus , they plan very adventurous trips , for instance .

On the other hand , older people maybe have less energies and health , but they can afford trips better because they have more money ( at least in my country ! )
and they have learnt a lot from life .
Their experience helps them to know what is really precious in life and what you had better to do in some difficult situations .

As I stated before , life has its own cycle and each part of it can be deeply enjoyed by everyone in different manner .
I am actually wondering if older people enjoy life more than younger ones because of their experience .
They might have get aware of what are the most important thinng in life and so they are supposed to suffer less than young people because of silly reasons .
However , I think that this can only depend on each person different experience and especially on what he or she believe in .
In fact , some people that have everything someone could desire are actually rather sad and others that keep having tough time turn out to be the happiest ones .

.
In our current society , it is thought that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .

First , I would disagree with this statement because there are so many humanitarian organizations and associations that high school and college students are involved in during their course of study .

For example , in academic institutions , there are associations runned by young people who focuse on helping handicapped students feel more at ease and equal in class .
The services proposed are various : support during courses by working in teams and preparing collective projects or suggesting gatherings and pick nicks after class in order to meet .

Moreover , there are so many young people serving and helping poor countries to develop their education and health measures nation wide and internationally .
The Red Cross , the United Nations , the World Bank , for example , focuse their work on helping people .
For their missions , these organizations send each year thousands of young people and young graduates from developped countries to acquire work experience but mostly to share their own knowledge by making the poor and needing people who live in much further communities taste a better and happier life .

On the contrary , the statement can be partly true because some young people grow in a more selfish way nowadays .
They are brought up to be spoiled and learn to take more than to give , and that increases personal pride and self satisfaction .

Some progress and new technologies , such as mass consumption or just sating at home and playing video games , have bad influence on young people .
Consequently , they build anger , hate and jealousy between each other .

Another factor among young people is laziness and lack of responsability .

In conclusion , this statement must be debated and it cannot just reflect the one and only vision of the world .
A lot of people work hard to help improve their communities , even for free , and will try to travel in order to share the ideas they have already implemented in their commnutiy .
It 's actually hard for me to take a firm position about this topic , as often happens to me when I am in front of this type of absolute statements ; I will therefore try to explain why for me the statement is true AND false at the same time .

Considering first the physical aspect , it cannot be denied that a lot of energy runs through young and healthy subjects veins and just for this simple reason they enjoy the things of life more , literally .
Moreover we have to consider that young people vision of life is unlimited , meaning with this that they look at life as something that is not going to end ; at least not soon .
The latter provides them with more reasons and energies to enjoy their existence .
My young brother , aged 7 , for example is able to play all day long without rest enjoying every single moment and feeling very intense emotions and , importantly , with not many worries and responsabilities .
I envy him .

On the other hand , while the quality of life is underestimated by youngsters , while elder people know ( or should know ) what is the value of life , because they are not left with much of it .

They appriciate more consciously the gift of life .
They can use their wisdom to make better choices .
They do n't feel things with the same intensity of the time when they were young , which even mean that they do n't feel sufferings so intensively .
The know exactely what they want , and they feel less lost in any kind of situation .

My grandmother for example is 97 and now she is in a facility hospital .
She does not move around so much as she 's on a wheel chair but ...
Well , the way she smiles when my mother or I go visit her , you can really tell that she is valuating that little episode in a way that a young and in a good shape person would n't be able to do , because he | she would likely be very worried about the future , the job , and many other things .

In the end it depends on the personal attitude , as always .
Nowadays , the governments of many Western countries try to discourage people from using new cars .
Indeed , they are confronted with a lot of issues related to the high number of cars owned by their citizens .
We can think about the trafic jams in the big cities but also about the atmosferic pollution problem .
Despite these problems , I think that the number of cars in use will continue to grow .
There are several reasons that back up this opinion .

First of all , the development of new eco-friendly fuels will give less impact to the critics saying that the numbers of cars should be reduced in order to protect the environment and the health of the people .
Today , the research is really active in the field of new energies and the use of eco-friendly fuels is already common is some countries , such as Brazil where a lot of cars use beet alcohol to function .

Besides , the major part of the population of the Western country wo n't cease wanting to buy cars .
Indeed , we live in societies which emphasize the rights of the individuals and especially their right to pleasure and comfort .
Many individuals wo n't agree to take the public transportation instead of having a car of their own .

Finally , on a more wider perspective , we can predict that the number of car in use worldwide will continue to grow and will even skyrocket with the apparition of new markets for the car constructors .
These new markets are created by a significant improvement in the standards of livings of the population of developing countries which have a thriving economy .
For example the Chinese will buy thousands and thousands of cars in the years to come .

If we consider the facts that new eco-friendly fuels are being developped , that people have individualistic behaviours and that new markets are opening to car sell , it seems certain that thr numb
In earlier times schools and schooling itself had an excessively straight forward concept , to dump information in form of facts onto the students without considering them as individuals .
However this concept is outdated and thankfully most necessary adjustments to a modern way of learning have been made .
Of course it is much more efficient to understand ideas and concepts to eventually be able to put them to use in reality than to just learn facts by heart without understanding them .

Having several generations in my own family I can experience the infulence of an older , less modern education .
In those times the motto often was `` just accept it '' .
Very often unmotivated teachers still use this concept with their students today , they just are n't interested in their education .

Compared to that a passionate , motivated teacher will always take the time to explain the facts he just put in the students ' heads and turn them into comprehensable concepts .
The best example would be a complicted looking mathematical formula with three variables .
If a teacher just throws that formula on a student 's desk while telling him to adapt it to the numbers 2 , 5 and 9 the student will most likely respond with a blank stare .
However if the teacher approaches his student with the given formula and sits down with him and explains why this and that is in it , the student will probably be able to use it soon .

Or if one learns a certain book by heart , will he understand it ?
No , in that case it would not even be a given that the particular person will know any of the content , he will simply be able to repeat the words , like a roboter .
However if this person conciously reads that book and overthinks the various concepts , he will learn from it .

It is logical that the understanding of a given idea or concept is more productive and thus more important than to just learn the dry facts .
Facts do not have to equal knowledge , and only knowledge will get you somewhere .
I have traveled many places throughout my life .
I love to travel with my parents , but of course , there were many times that we traveled in a group led by a tour guide .
I personally prefer to travel without a group and definately to travel without a tour guide .

The first summer vacation that my parents and I went to Japan , I was only six years old .
We were with a group of people , and there was a tour guide .
Every historical place or any amusement park we went , we traveled with a big tour bus .
The tour guide would then explained details for information that tourists should know .
Though it seemed to be useful , I felt most of the time I was `` trapped , '' and `` bored . ''
And I wanted to see this very phenomenal temple on our way to the hotel , but I was told not to do so because we were on the group ; it was not on the schedule .
I felt it was such a disappointment .
In addition , I could not have stay in a place where I wanted to stay longer ; daily schedule was already written for us , and the place we went might not be the one I was interested in .

I have travled to Hong Kong , United States , Korea , and Japan alone or with my parents .
It was such a big difference compare to if I was with a group .
I could do everything I wanted .
I was free to stop by a comestic shop whenever I felt like it .
My time was flexible .
It was the best when I acutally went to Korea and stayed with my friends ' houses .
They brought me to places that I do n't think I would go if I was with a group .
For instance , my friend 's grandparents garden and places where famous band concerts performed .
It was incredibly entertaining and that is why I am passionate about traveling without a group led by a tour guide .

Though there are reasons I partly liked to travel in a group led by a tour guide , I do not think that is the best way to travel .
I am more comfortable either traveling alone or with my parents because it not only benefits the relationship between me and my family , I also see the world larger in this point of view .
I agree with the statement that a lot of the advertisements spread across our society are trying to make products look better than they are in reality .
Actually , the reasons for this development are rather obvious :

Firstly , the steadily growing amount of products of comparable function and quality causes the need for customers to distinguish between these otherwise equal products .
Taking into account the enormous exchange of information nowadays , it is quite understandable that evolving a product is not as common as it was in the past ; Most of the related products are on the same level of invention most of the time .
Therefore , advertisments have to come up with a individual way of creating an incentive to favour a particular product among others .

Secondly , the average customer is actually looking for something superior to the contents of his or her 's everyday life to enrich it .
He or she wants to be special instead of comparable and is thus looking for attributes that make a difference .
Ironically , this IS what makes these people most indistinct , since a lot of them are motivated equally by these unconcious desires .

As a result , the authors of advertisments compose their creations servicing as well the wish of the producers as the wish of the customers , making products seem `` larger-than-life '' .
In some aspects , advertisments are a replacement or addition to religious or spiritual desires : the irrational longing for a special importance of the own existance , the wish for immortality through extrinsical approval rather than intrinsic satisfaction .

In my opinion , this development is something rather annoying - at least , if you are a questioning person .
I would not go as far as to call it intimidating or even dangerous - from my point of view , this development is more likely a symptom than it is a disease and therefore not the issue itself but a consequence of it .
Yes , i agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
For example , a product say a shampoo or some beauty product is advertised in an extra-ordinary manner with a beautiful woman , a serene background , a great and pompous music and captivating puchlines and narration .
But , in reality i dont think the product would be so great .
It would be like any other beauty product that we may be using with slight differences in colour , odour and ofcourse , the price .
Most companies advertise their products in this manner because , they have to compete with other companies which manufacture similar products .
Each manufacturing company wants to be ahead of all of its counterparts .
So , each company tries to advertise its product in a unique manner so that conmsumers are attracted towards its products .
They advertising procedure is unique but the products will be some what similar .
This is because , a product manufactured to meet a particular requirement has more or less the same ingredients .
For example , basic ingredients of a cold cream will always be the same .
So , each manufacturer has to use the same basic ingredients to manufature the cold cream .
The things which can be different are the colour and odour of the cold cream , its packing style etc .
Other reasons for such pompous advertisements could be to lure the consumers to buy more and more of their products .
If advertising is done in a grand way by involving a popular personality or a celebrity then that would attract more attention and will help in the increasing the sales of the product .
For example , if a product is endorsed by a hollywood star , then many of his/her fans and admirers would buy the product out of their adulation towards the star .
So , advertising is done in a very grand and pompous manner using various marketing techniques in order to increase the sale of a product , though the product may not be as great as it would be shown in the advertiment .
This is done to increase the sales of the product so that it brings in profits to its manufacturing company .
In my opinion the usage of cars will stay at a steady level , rather increase .
Changes in propellants , road conditions , and a growing population can disagree in single points of views , but mostly suggest an increase in the number of cars .

Scientists , governments , and car manufacturers are in the process of developing and improving engines using alternative propellants .
These propellants include gas , hydrogen , or electricity , but are not limited to those .
This development can cause a smaller dependency on oil .
If this is true twenty years from now , people might have switched to those alternative propellants and do not see the necessity to get rid of a car in general .

Arguments saying that the number of cars will decrease include facts like congested roads because of a growing population or a decreasing quality of road conditions .
In addition some people claim and favor the usage of public transportation .
I assume the behavior of people will not be changed in a recognizable amount .
In a large city as I am living in both previously mentioned facts are true .
Cars are though used in an increasing number .
For many people the car still has more advantages than public transportation .
As prices for public transportation also increase attitudes about this issue are unlikely to change twenty years from now .

As mentioned before , population is increasing .
Personally I am familiar with the Orlando , FL area .
Throughout the past five years an incredible extension of the metropolitan area could be observed .
I suppose that an increasing population causes areas to grow - making distances longer .
This again can probably not be compensated by public transportation .
People will continue to use cars .
As far as I have experienced people mostly favor individual transportation in their cars rather than in crouded buses and trains .
I doubt a chance in the future .

Responses of urban and rural areas might also differ in response to this issue and must not be neglected .
Generally I conclude a tendency to an increasing number of cars based on personal experience .
what is the purpose of advertising ?
selling .
can you sell a bad looking product ?
definately not .
to sell , you need to make your product look good or even beter than it really is .
that my friends , is exactly what advertising does .

if you show bad quality , you 'll be broke .
juan perez just opened a burger restaurant .
to promote his restaurant , he makes t.v. advertising , on which he shows he 's burgers .
the burgers are totally nutritive , but their their look makes people think they are disgusting .
evem though the burgers are very rich en vitamins and proteins , nobody buys them .
finally , juan goes to bankruptcy on his restaurant .
but do n't worry , this case happens in very few advertisings .

it 's all about the look .
companies such as mac donald 's , burger king and wendy 's , which sell the same type of products juan did , worry more on the way burgers look rather than the way they really are .
for example : it is proven that the big mac has an excessive amount of fat and it is very detrimental for men 's health , nevertheless , when someone watches the tv commercial on which the big mac appears , the first thing that comes to his orher mind is `` that burger looks good ! ''
.
the way the big mac is shown has a huge difference with the way it is in reality .
this strategy is done by almost every advertising company in every part of the market , not only food .

it is completely obvious that products are need to be shown in an `` almost perfect '' . almost every advertsing companies do this because of one single reason : if they do n't , they do not exist .
this means that they will suffer juan 's problem .
the principle of advertising is exposing the best part of the product .
and if ther is n't , well invent it !
People are thinking about their future or what they are going to do when they are still young or old .
Some people think that older people can enjoy life more than young people .
Because they have lots of time for lesures .
But I do n't thinks so .
I agree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
.
There are some reasons I agree with this statement .

First , literally young people are young .
That means they have times to do their work , have fun within the life they got .
Actually they have to earn the money for the future , study for their college and so on .
In the United States , people work since they are 16 years old typically and they earn their own poketmoney .
Young people can do whatever they want .
But the older people ca n't .
Because they are too old to do fun thing in the world .
The body gets really slow , sick and lazy .
They might have just little energy to do it even if they have lots of free time or money .

Secondly , most of young people are open-minded .
That does n't mean older people are close-minded .
In my case , if I want to do something , I would do whatever I want .
I do n't think about advantages of that or disadvantages .
I just enjoy what I get to do .
People like to do stuff what they like .
And young people can try anything .
But for older people they have lots of limits for that .
For examples , they are not able to climb up to the mountains a lot or go swimming , get drunk , ride fun ride at the fair and so on .

Third reason is that they know a lot of things than older people .
The world is changing constantly .
Sometimes new things are coming up and sometimes old things are being thrown away from our society .
So I am saying that young people can get a lot of information about that and get to know and have fun with it .
Actually I like to do something new with my friends .
That makes me challenge for that and eventually have fun .
Young people do n't fear about the new things .
And they can accept well than older people .

Since I am young , I understand I can do anything whatever I want .
Young people have dream , thought , goals .
But I think the most thing we have to do is to have fun in our life because we are still young and have lots of time to do other stuff , open-minded and we know lots of things coming up recently and enjoy it .
So I agree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
.

There are a lot of things to have fun in our life .
I do n't want to miss it and we can have fun than older people do .
I agree with the statement that one should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specializing in one specific subject .

I believe in being `` jack of all trades and master of some '' .
We should aim to increase our competency in the subjects that interest us , but should also have broad functional knowledge about the other subjects .
This will also enhance our capability to integrate various subjects and arrive at a solution to a problem .
It is because , in the present world scenario , the distinction between various subjects is becoming increasingly ambigious .
There are lot of topics that are related to more than one academic subject .
Our real world systems are also mirror this ambiguity .
Fuzzy logic and programming IT domain are two concepts that address this fact .

A person is also expected to be adept at handling more than one kind of issue .
We are looking for people who are versatile and who have a variety of skill sets .
For instance , managers are expected to understand market dynamics , organisational hierarchy , strategy consulting and even do performance appraisals .
Similarly , in the IT industry , we are looking for good programmers with ` domain knowledge ' in more than one field .
If a person restricts himself to specialisation in one subject , he will be completely ignorant about the other subjects that may have a critical impact on his daily life situations .
Also , he may be missing out on some interesting facts related to the other subjects .

A broad functional knowledge of many academic subjects also increases our ability to comprehend a problem and arrive at a holistic solution .
We will attain a deeper understanding of the workings of various systems , both natural and man-made .
Then , our thought processes will also tend towards analysing a situation , integrating our knowledge of various subjects and enabling us to be more imaginative and innovative .

To put in a nutshell , a broad understanding of many academic subjects will make us become better solution providers and all - rounders in most walks of life .
There are certain reasons that contradict with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than today as well there are arguments which support this thesis .

To my mind this statement is not well reasoned and will certainly not become true in near future .
First of all , cars provide an effective and cheap way of transportation that public transport for example is not able to give to its customers .
Driving a car , is more than a simple action , a strong emotion is involved of feeling free and flexible whereever you are in the world .

People are dependent on this way of life , for instance getting to work with public transport in some areas is not satisfying .
One could argue that crude oil and gas will not deliver the proportion which is required to enable car use in future .
Although this could be right , the car industry is already making efforts to develop new enginens based on solar and wind energy .
Furthermore , it is attempted to make the use of hydrocarbonite more economical and effective .
All these developments will have an positive effect on environment because they contribute less to pollution .

On the other hand , people can say that we should reduce car traffic by improving our national transportation system for instance to make it cheaper and more comfortable in order to attract more customers .
Another option would be to stress the importance of using plaines for small distances between towns instead of using the car .
This obviously could all contribute to use the car not that often than nowadays .

To sum it up , i strongly believe that the car is an integral part of life and its use will not decrease but increase in near future .
There is no suitable option found yet which could replace the car and its great advantages .
Thus , let us do not abandon this extraordinary part of life but instead keep it and of course improve it .
It is dificult to forecast the evolution of the use of cars in twenty years , because it depends on a lot of factors that could change in such a long time .
However , and given the news that we are facing all days , I think is possible having an accurate idea about what the future will be , and in this future will be fewer cars .

At first , looking back to the past , we can see that the development of car manufacturing was linked to some social and economic factors .
In the very beggining of car industry , a car was considered a luxurious device for most of the population , but thanks to Henry Ford , the private automobile became a popular consume good , formerly in the United States and later in Europe .
In its heyday in the fifties , the american cars were a symbol of power and wealth in all the countries of the world .

Nevertheless , the environmental conditions have changed widely in the last decades .
The continuous rising of the gas prices , linked to the political unstability of the leading productors ; the rising of the consciousness that the planet resources are limited , and the fact that the natural environment is being harmed , have changed the attitude towards the private car .
Indeed , the urban life has been severely disturbed by the wide use of cars .
The possibility of using the car to conmmute everyday has created the sprawl phenomenon , with the bitter consequence of decaying inner cities , collapsed highways , destruction of farmland , pollution , and lack of social contact in the car-oriented suburbs .

Therefore , I think that the use of the car will be reduced in the future .
It is necesary that all the society face the environmental and social problems that cars are creating .
Of course I think that cars are useful and I drive , however , I think that cars should be used in a more smart way than today .
Combinig the car with efficient public transportation networks , we will create a different and most sustainable pattern of urban growing .
First of all , we have to determine whether we are supposing to be in a high school or in a college situation .
That definition makes a great difference on my opinion .

In fact , if we are in the high school case , I think it is important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
The reason is that high school students have to primarily go over as many subjects as they can to realize which are the ones they are most interested in .
Second , a wide knowledge of subjects gives the students a wider view , it `` opens '' their mind , and get them the opportunity to increase their culture level .
However , this is not valid for senior high school students because once they reach the last school year before college , they should now focus on what they would like to study in the future .
For instance , if a student wants to study Advertising at the university , he should start taking Art classes , or Economics lessons , so that to receive an introduction , a perspective of what he will study the following years .

On the other hand , talking about college situation , I disagree with the statement since I believe that , once you graduate from high school and you get prepared for the university , you should concentrate yourself on a specific subject .
That does not mean , by the way , that you do not have to study other subjects .
It simply mean that you have to channel your studies on the subject you will need in your future job .
Taking the previous example , if I want to become an art director in an advertising agency , I will not continue studying languages , maths , physical education , and the other subjects I was used to study at the high school .
Instead of them , I will choose subjects that directly concern with advertising , such as the history of advertising , the economic method of advertising , and other subjects that best fit whit my future job .

In conclusion , I believe that having a broad , wide knowledge of many academic subjects is very important for it let us make up our minds about our future , but once realized our primarily interests , we should focus on that ones and start becoming who we want to become .
In my opinion , the main difference between understanding and learning is that everyone is able to learn something but not necessary able to understand it .
For sure , in my point of view , the most important is to understand things .
It is the main feature which diferentiate two students in term of inteligence .
I will explain why in two points .

Firt , according to my own experience in school , I can assume that it is really easier to learn something when you understand it than it is to learn it by heart .
For example , if I try to learn the economic theory of Keynes , I will maybe succeed for the exam but for sure , 10 days later , I will be unable to explain and to remember it , Otherwise , If I try to understand how really this theory could be apply on the economic system and if I can use it on my own , then I will remember this theory for a longer period .
Moreover , for the exam , students are more and more asked to understand the concepts and not only to repeat them .

Second , what is the most important thing in the work area .
My boss will not ask me to learn something by heart .
He will expect me to think and to develop ideas .
All people with high job in a company , do not spend their time to learn facts but interpreat them in order to find solutions .

For those reasons that I mentionned above , I really think that the most important is to understand concepts .
Moreover , it is so gratifying for yourself when you understand something very hard and it is a personnal reward .
Taking risks and trying new things is an important ability in many jobs nowadays .
If people had not taken a certain risk , many business ideas would never have come on the market for example .
Thus a risk often bears an opportunity .
On the other hand , new businesses might also fail and leave their owners highly indebted , which means a sudden crash into poverty that often has effects on a person 's self-esteem .
In that way risks bear both opportunities and the possibility to destroy everything that has already been achieved .
The question is , however , if people who do not take any risks are in total more , less or equally successful as those who do .
I guess that the only jobs where fleeing responsibility and not taking certain risks does not limit career options is as a state employee , for example as a teacher in Germany .
When people cannot be fired , they actually do not have much of a risk in their job .
Still , I have made the experience that teachers who try something new are often preferred by students .
So trying somthing new is a good thing even in their job .
I consider it to be very important to try new things anyway , and as in the example of the teacher , not everything new bears a risk .
In any other case , I suppose it is important to make a decision by comparing the size of the risk and the benefits it might have .
A high risk for a little success is in my opinion not worth striving for .
If it is the other way round , however : why not ?
Because concluding I think : Those who do take risks and try new things really are more successful .
I agree that in twenty years , there will be fewer cars than there are today .
Owing to the over-crowding of roads and highways and lack of enough parking spaces in large-cities and the global warming effects due to the fuel-missions , authorities concerned in advanced countries around the world would plan on taking of a lot of cars off the road or atleast reduce their numbers as such .

Cars consume too much fuel , fuel in the form of Kerosense , Petrol , Diesel .
And their natural resouces like the crude-oil reserves are fast depleting .
So , the number of cars are more likely to be decreased in a few years down the lane in order to cut down the fuel consumption .

Countries/Nations would invest in building rail road infrastructure and build a wider and larger sophisticated network of railroads for inter-city and intra-city connections .
This will happen in 20 years from now .
Rail roads provide very efficient public transportation and this option naturally replaces cars .

Public transportation like fuel efficient buses , trams will increase so as to serve the society 's transportation needs and hence people are less likely to be inclined to fancy themselves with a new car .

Bicycles , tri-cycles offer a very eco-friendly alternative as a personal mode of transportation for travelling lesser distances .
Traffic problems due to too many cars on the highways is viewed very cautiously by the Dept of Transportation in many cities .
So , the only solution to cut down the traffic during peak times is to discourage people to buy cards and encourage public transportation like bus , trams , commuter-trains .

Air-travel will increase and there will be airports at most smaller towns and cities and this enable people to reach their destinations faster .
Airline network will be increased with better connections and better flights to serve the passengers needs in twenty years from now .

Scientists have already spoken a lot about the deleterious effects of Global warming which is caused due to the dangerous fuel emissions from the cars .
So , to check this , Governments will plan , strategise and draft a plan to find global solutions to this problem .
This will result in fewer cars in 20 years from now .

Cars may however remain a main mode of personal/family transportation now , but in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use which would result in a better enviroment across the globe and the world will be a lot cleaner and healthier .
I totally disagree with this opinion .
To me , the best way to travel is to visit a country alone , or in a reasonably small group of friends .
When I travel around , I want to discover the real nature of the countries I visit and I want to decide alone the things I want to see , and these things are not possible in a guided tour .

Guided tours are maybe an optimal solution for old people who are not totally independant , for people who are afraid of the fence that foreign languages can create , or for people who do n't want to spend much time abroad .
But this option is definetely not an option for me .

Guided tours sell you organised , prepared , `` pre-chewed '' travels .
They make you run from one hotel to a point of interest , from one restaurant to a pseudo `` traditional '' show .
You can visit France in 2 days , Europe in a week , and have a picture of you in front of all the musts you `` have to see '' .
I want to have time to feel the atmosphere of a country I visit .
I want to explore the hidden regions , to go out of the the beaten tracks .

When you travel in a group , it is impossible to meet local people .
You stay with your conspecifics because it is easier , certainly more confortable .
Traveling alone force you to exchange with the local population , to speak the local language , to share the local culture .
And to me , this is the most interesting part of the travel .

Guides in a guided tou are generally professionnal multilingual guides who are hired by the travel agency .
They come from the same country and have only a specific knowledge of the country you visit .
Best guides are local people who can present you the really traditional aspects of their regions .
The cycle of life has not changed since the begining of the time .
Every humanbeing borns , grows and dies ; but the most important thing in this preiod of time is to fill out your life in the most proper way which fits to you .

Every period of this life cycle has it 's own rules and conditions .
When you are a child you are not able to do whatever you want ; furthermore when you are a baby you are even not able to tell what you want .
This cycle of life may seem a little bit unfair to us but actually it is not .
At that period none of us has to take responsbility or none of us has to work for earning money , so may be those times were the easiest and most favorable parts of our lives .

If you are in the middle period of your life cycle ; I mean if you are a young person , you are able to do lots of things without permissions , warnings or even concerns .
As I mentioned before while you are young you are able to do whatever you want and even stupid or risky thinks ; but in this case one important limitation comes into play , which is your metabolism .
As a perspective explanation ; people are allowed to do things as long as their health and metobolism let them .
If you are a young person without disabilities ; there exists about nothing to stop you or prevent you from enoying the life .
You can go to swimming , you can go to scuba diving and you can even try bungee jumping ; but we all have to remember that we have only one limitation which is our health .

On the other hand if you are getting older and , if it has been a while since you passed the boundary line of middle cycle of your life ; it means that you are not that strong as you were at your previous years .
In this cycle people start to loose their strength and energy , moreover their metabolism gets slower and slower day by day .
This of course does not mean that these kind of people are not able to enjoy , but at the same time it means that noe these people have some health limitations and not able to do whatever that they want now .

In conclusion everybody in the World can enjoy the life ; but of course not in the same ratio or amount .
And who can deny that young people have a big advantage under these circumstances ?
The given statement is a cynical and skeptic comment which is thrown at every generation .
I can say with great pride that my generation can annul this cynicism in a number of different ways .

In my own university we have a number of different activities through which we can contribute to our communitity .
All these activities come under the banner of what is called the National Service Scheme or NSS for short .
I myself am a volunteer of this organisation and thus vehemently oppose the given statement .

There is a wide range of ways in which we volunteers contribute to our community .
Every six months we organize a blood donation camp in our university in which students , faculty as well as people living close to the university come in great numbers to donate their blood .
Recently , I was also part of a successful project to assist the gardeners in improving the condition of trees in our campus .
Every alternate day around thirty students would spend the evenings watering the existing trees , pruning them , removing weeds and also planting new trees .
We even managed to arrange for a water tanker to accompany us , thus saving the burden of carrying buckets all over the campus .
Our efforts over the past semester have paid off and the gardeners have now indicated that extra help is not required as the overall condition of trees has improved .

Other students who enjoy teaching have taken up a project in which they devote part of their time to interact with and teach blind children in a blind school in our city .

The people who lament the decrease in such social activities among the youth should make a closer examination which will reveal that the youth social organisations are alive and flourishing .
Some of the graduates from my university have taken this community service to the next level by adopting it as their profession .
This has manifested itself in the form of Non Governmental Organisations which are non-profit organisations whose aim is improving some aspect of society .
NGOs can work towards providing safe drinking water to villages to working for the betterment of the lives of the elderly .
Young people with a passion for changing their societies are forming such organisations and are doing great wonders for their communities .
Some educational experts claim that the role of schools and colleges is to teach pupils facts .
Others believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
I believe that making students understand ideas and concepts is the most important role of education .
Yet it cannot be done without the students learning the facts .

Understanding ideas and concepts is vital in the world we live in today .
Technology and sciences are evoluting so fast nowadays that the knowlege of concepts is extremely important .
Without understanding the ideas and concepts behind these technological advaces , a student will not be able to resilve problems facing him in that area .
In fact understanding ideas and concepts offers students the possibility to face any problem in each and every realm of their life .
It gives them a certain logic and methodology that widens critical thinking .

On the other hand , concepts and ideas are impossible to understand without the learning of facts .
The good knowlege of facts made the great inventors and thinkers of History ( Leonardo DaVinci , Galileo , Albert Einstein , Louis Pasteur ... )
discover and develop new concepts and ideas .
Facts are to concepts what wheels are to cars .
A car cannot drive without wheels ; a concept cannot be accurate or even invented without the knowlege of the scientific facts .

This is why students should be taught the facts .
Yet their education should not be limited to facts .
An education limited to the teaching of facts will produce students with rigid and limited thinking .
The facts ought to be the academic package that will allow students to understand the concepts and maybe come up with ideas of their own .
In my opinion most of the young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Most young people are free in thinking and do not worry about their future as much as older people .
They just live their life as it comes and enjoy every minute , while playing with other kids .

Older people , on the other hand , mostly worry much about their future or the future of their kids and it is hard for them not to think of the future and the dangerous sites of what their actions .
They worry so much about a point that they cannot just enjoy life and the stuff they do .

Because of their background and the bad things that might have happened in their past , they see new situations from an different ankle , and avoid them , instead of improving new things and new ways of life .

There are many problems , such as money , job , or the comments of other people , that young people do not care about , because someone else ( mostly their parents ) worry for them .
Living in a society does envolve a lot of difficulties , that young poeple When there is someone they like , they play together , even if there are different barriers like a different language .
I think young people are more open to new things and new people , which is an important fact of enjoying life .

But not everyone is the same .
There are older people who do not fear any situation and enjoy their life to an high age , just like young children , are open to every new step in their life and to every new person .
They do not miss any opportunity of exploring something new , wether it is skydiving , traveling to a new country far away , or playing a new sport with their grandchildren .

But `` enjoying life '' has a lot of different sites and the variety of the word ` joy ' is differs from person to person .
Some people enjoy life by having a family and live a quiet life at their farm in the middle of nowhere .
Others like to live a `` starlife '' in Hollywood or any other big city .
Even other people enjoy their life , risking their lifes everyday , by exploring any new extremsport .
Some people need a lot of money to enjoy their lifes , others do not .

So the question is very difficult to answer .
But from my point of view and my young background , i think that most young people enjoy their life more than older people , just because of the fact that they are more open and do not worry about their future as much as older people do .
That young people enjoy life more than older people is certainly a highly unqualified statement .
One can almost never make such broad and sweeping generalizations .
Having said that , however , I do believe that younger people on average tend to have an easier time enjoying life than older people do .

I epmhasize the words `` on average '' , since there clearly are examples of vivacious , joyful elders that are much happier than glum , dejected teenagers .
Therefore , being old does not necessarily mean being incapable of enjoying life , whereas being young does not guarantee happiness .

However , I have reasons to believe that being young makes it easier to enjoy life .
The first and most obvious explanation for this is health .
Younger people are bound to be healthier than older ones : their immune systems tend to be stronger , the time that it takes for younger people to recover from wounds and diseases is shorter and their motoric abilities are stronger .
Young people can therefore engage in a variety of activities that they characterize as fun , whereas the elderly are prevented by their aformentioned disadvantes from doing so .

Take my grandmother ; she used to be an active hiker .
She would stop at nothing , and even conquered one of the highest mountains in Europe , the mont blanc .
However , with increasing age ( she is 76 now ) her bones and joints would no longer support any such activities : she decided , therefore , to abandon hiking .
Of course , this did not plunge her into a depression ; nonetheless , it represented a sacrifice and deprived her of one source of pleasure .

I cannot overemphasize , however , the risk of jumping to conclusions based on this example ; the statement `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' still remains unqualified .
To come back to my grandmother : with her resourcefulness , she managed to find sources other than hiking that give her enourmous pleasure .
She found out , for instance , that she loved playing backgammon and even joined a club .
She rediscovered her love of reading , an activity that she has n't pursued intensively due to her many distractions .
One could say that she as just as happy now , at age 76 , as she was when she was still young .

It is clear from these examples that ones happiness ultimatley depends oneself , rather than on one 's age .
Nonetheless , old age does impose restrictions that require one to be resourceful and vivacious if one seeks to retain happiness .
Not everyone can muster these things .
My conclusion is , therefore , that young age does make it easier to enjoy one 's life even though one 's individual character is the ultimate factor .
In my opinion , knowlede is presently the fuel that is driving the engine of the global economy today .
However , the exact nature of knowledge that is fuelling growth is new-knowledge rather than re-hashing of old knowledge .
It is hence my assertion that this is the day and age of specialization .
Hence , I disagree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knbowledge of many acadamic subjects rather than specializing in one field .

Success , in todays world is monopolized my super-specialists .
Be it the investment banker who makes millions dealing ony in hedge funds , or a doctor who only treats with patients with one ailment .
The human race in general , and science in particular , has advanced so far today that it is impossible for someone to replicate Madame Curies unique achievement of being bestowed with two Nobel prizes in two seperate fields .

I would like to draw an analogy between acadamic knowledge and day to day life .
In a marketplace there is a barber shop you go to to get your hair cut .
In the same marketplace there is a bakery where you buy bread .
The barber does not know too much about baking while the baker is not really adept at cutting hair .
The market place thrives , despite not having a barber shop cum bakery .
If the market place can thrive using specialization how can acadamic knowledge be worse off by it .

In any case knowledge is so infinite that what I ( and this hold true for even the smartest person in the world ) know , is but a small fraction of what I do n't know .
If there is no chance that I am ever going to know everything regarding all the subjects , why should I not choose a particular subject and master it .
I think both having broad knowledge of many academic subjects and at the same time specialization in one specific subject is required now a days to excel in this world and to be ahead of others .

For example if a person is suffering from heart attack then what would we do probably , we will take him to heart surgeon inspite of a general physcians , because if we take him there then he will need a lot of time to examine and to know whats the problem is and by that time the patient will die .
Let me take another example , now days as we can see that the corporate sector is growing so fast that they need people who have specialized skill like for an instance a company require a person who is skilled in C , C++ then company will not ask for people who are graduate in computer science only but will see the people who has the best skill and experience in that feild in these way specialization is required in almost every feild in this world .

On the other hand having broad knowledge of many subjects is also necessary for every human being .
Since we can see that now days most of the student only like computer related subject and they know that they want to make carreer in that feild , and because of that they do not concentrate on other subject for example Histroy , Mathematics etc .
Let me explain the draw back of not learning histroy .
They dont know any thing about there countrys histroy in this way they are getting away from the cultural and tradiational values of the country and they should be made to learn about the tradition , cultural value , histroy of the country as it very important for all the citizen of a country to know about there countrys histroy .
When it comes to maths almost every second student hate it but if they dont learn that , Then they will be in serious trouble in there life .
Mathematics is required in almost every part of day to day life , If you buy something you should know about basic calculation of adding , multiplying etc .
If you dont know that then you are gone any one can fool you .

Finally to conclude both specialized and broad knowledge people are required to make these world a better place to live .
I oppose to the saying that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because they are given more time and chances to help others in their communities and they indeed do so .
The reasons also includes the fact that it is hard to define how much time for young people is `` enough '' in helping others in their communities .
My opinion is that helping in communities , anyway , is not supposed to be the center of the life of young people .

First of all , it should be noticed that more and more educational system take community service as a part of tasks that students have to do .
By doing this , students , in fact , are given more time and chances to help others in their communities .
And in reality , it works well in many systems .
Take my personal experience as an example .
In my high school , everyone has to choose at least one service called `` social service '' .
Instead of having classes in afternoons , we go to local families , primary schools , immigrants centers to help others of the community .
My social service is going to `` School of Peace '' every Friday afternoon and playing with the children there .
My classmates and I spent a lot of time there last semester .
Therefore , saying that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping communities is too general and regardless of the better reality .

Secondly , some people might ask , `` how much time should young people spend in helping their communities ? ''
It is hard to say and define .
However , it is widely accepted that the focus of young people should be studying .
If a youth does not have enough knowledge or skill , how can he or she help the others ?
In their age , they are supposed to expose themselves to different fields of knowledge and take advantages from them .
Later in their life , after they are fully educated , they will have chances , time and wish to devote themselves to helping others in their communities .

To sum up , I think that now young people are spending a lot of time in helping their communities and the time is enough .
On one hand , being involved in community service is becoming a part of education in increasing number of education systems .
The youths are spending a lot of time in communities .
On the other hand , the time that have been used by them to community service is enough already for the fact that learning is the primary task that they should focus on at their age anyway .
The advertisement of a product is important because of the its role on the people 's decision making .
Companies have to use advertisements in order to sell their products .
A good advertisement introduce the product in a simple way .
If it introduces the product better than itself , it can cause decrease in product sales , contrastly .

When people decide which product to buy and use , they are influenced by advertisements mostly .
The efectiveness of an advertisement can be provided by making it in a qualified way , using it in the popular media devices , and repating it many times .
The advertisements which does not reflect the true properties of the product can also make people to buy it .
However , later on , the users can decide not to use of the product .
Moreover , the company of the product can lose trust among the people .
So , other products that are produce by that company may have a decrease in the sales .

In addition to this , advertisements usually claim that their product is the best .
There is no ` best ' product since the perfectness changes among users of the product .
Everyone can want different type of specifications from the product .
Thus , the ` best ' product for someone may be a loser for another user .
As a result it is not true to introduce products as they are the best .

Consequently , companies can advertise wrongly about their products to sell it more because of the competetive environment in the market sales .
However , in spite of making wrong advertisements , they should try to produce more qualified products .
And also they can try to reduce the cost of the products to sell them more .
This will make the company trustable and also will increase other products ' sales .
In my opnion , the number of cars that are in use today will not be reduced in the next twenty years .
In fact , I feel the number of cars will increase in the coming years .
I agree with the statment because of some valid reasons which are stated below .

Firstly , if we look at other modes of transportation available to general public , there is no other mode of transportaion which is so much comfortable and independent .
One can finsh so many daily activities and save time by having a car .
Travelling by train is not an easy task during peak office hours and if one is little late to the railway station , he or she misses the train and has no other option than to wait for sometime to catch another train .
This has so many other implciations on that persons daily routine .

Secondly , the price of cars are going down daily .
This has made cars easily accessible to the middle class family also .
They can plane to a get a small car which fits there budgets and satisfy there daily needs .
For example , a four seater car in indian market is available for 2 lakhs , which is very less as compared to the price of the same car few years back .

Thridly , there are many activities in daily life which have been directly related to cars .
For example , imaging a person going on a date for the first time .
These couple will not prefer to go in a public bus .
They will prefer to go in the car .
Other example can be , normal mode of transortation all not accessible at all the places .
So , in order to reach some remote places , one has no other option then to go by car .
There many other activities like going for a dinner with family , which can be easliy managed by having a car .

There are some major issues because of increasing number of cars on the roads .
One of them is increase in pollution level in the atmosphere .
This can lead to so many injurious diseases like lung cancer .
But I feel , govertment can plan some other ways to check and control the pollution level .
In my view this can be checked by making laws related to vehicle pollution more strict and punishable .

So , in my opnion the use of cars will increase in the coming years because in present world having a car is not a luxory but a neccessity .
In my opinion it is better to specialize in one specific subject .

People that do not specialize in one specific subject usually have a broad knowledge of manz academic subjects .
The problem with this type of knowledge is that the person usually knows a lot about lots of topics but does n't have a deep understanding of any of them .
For example : during middle school and sometimes high school , students are thought various academic subjects , that is to say that they attain knowledge from all of them .
The problem that they have is that they do have knowledge about many different things .
But since they have to study all of them , they are not really able to completly understand any of them because the brain does n't have the capacity toabsorbe such basts quantities of knowledge .
And as a consequence these students can not use this knowledge in order to make a significant progress in any of these areas .

On the other hand an individual that specializes in one specific subject can have a greater understanding of the subject he/she is studying .
By specializing in one subject the person manages to learn everything there is to know about it and as a consequence he can then use this knowledge to inovate .
For exaple : in medicin there are some diseases that are so complex that the only way in which a man can be capable of understinding its possible causes in oredr to be able to make an attempt to find a cure for it is by specializing , concentrating in that one specific area .
If we think about it , all the advances that the world has made have been becuase of individuals that focuse ( specialize ) in a single area of knowledge and expand it .

There is too much knowledge in the world for a single mind , its physiologically impossible for a single man to be able to learn everything there is to know .
So if he attemps to learn everything he will not only fail to do it , but he would have sacrifice time he could have invested in learning more about an specific subject .
On the other hand I do think that people should have a minimum amount of knowledge of many academic subjects because everything you can possibley learn will help you in the future .
As I have to respond directly I 'd say I agree .
But actually it 's a bit more complicating to answer thios question .
If I think a little about the statement I would say that younger people could and should enjoy there lives more .
There are so mutch possibilities to have fun when you 're young like sports friends and activities like that which we actually do n't use enough .
I 'm saying this because when I look at my life it sometimes seems as it could have been much more fun and sometimes I can think of passages in my life where I probably did the best to have fun .
When I think of the things I have to do and of those my parents have to there is a huge difference , especially when I get in mind my fathers day .
He works so long hours five or six days a week so that when he comes home he has dinner , maybe takes out the dog for a walk and then goes to bed because he has to get up very early again .
That 's why I think our young lives are mcuh more fun and not so hard as adult 's lives are .
The main point of this is the free time we can spend also during the week after school is over .
But often I think of especially this time and I look at what I 'm doing in the afternoon or what my friends do .
I can see a lot of fun here when we do something together and when we go to sports clubs and so on , but on the other side I can also see a lot time wasted by computers , drinking and those useless things .
Probably there are children and maybe also youths who actually never or at least seldom do such things but even those who spend there time with this still have more great hours together then adults do .
Of course , there are advantages do be an adult , also when you look at the fun you have .
If adults then after the lonk week have fun together this fun probably is `` much more fun '' then our `` youth fun '' and maybe it 's weight is just the same as that one of working .
When I was living in the United States , there was a short period of time , about a week or so , when I did n't have a car .
To go to a supermarket , I had to walk for an hour , and imagine how bad it was to come home with four 5kg-plastic bags in both hands .
I definitely needed a car in order to survive there .
Considering that cars are currently one of the major transportation tools among people in developed countries , I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today because twenty years is just not enough time .

To replace the existence of cars with other means of transportation would take more than twenty years to accomplish .
It is said that the gas emitted by cars has a tremendously bad effect on the environment , a problem called `` global warming , '' and that countries are working to decrease the number of cars in use .
However , in order to accomplish this goal , there needs to be other ways people can transport , such as trains and metro .
It would be hard for any city governments to come up with a plan and to put that into action in twenty years .

Another thing that would be hard to change in twenty years is people 's habits .
When you have been using a car , for example , to drive to school everyday , you will find it hard to change the way you commute to other means , such as the train .
It is hard for someone to make a change in their lifestyles , and he or she would need a definite reason for doing so .
If the city made a law prohibiting the use of a car , this would sure drive the person to quit driving the car , but making that law in use would take more than twenty years .
Passing a law requires a lot of time .
Imagine the voices that would come about from the people when a plan to make this law arises .
Even if it does n't take a law to try to change people 's awareness , I cannot come up with another option .

For the reasons I mentioned above , I believe it is impossible to decrease the number of cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
To do so , there needs to be other ways people can tranport , which they could feel comfortable and convenient as cars .
Of course , there are places around the world , for example Tokyo , where subways have been well developed and people do n't need cars to get around .
However , from the experience I had in the United States , I would have to say that people there would n't like that .
Some people think that its more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts .
I think thats something true .

I think knowing the main idea about something is very important .
It is useless knowing the fact without knowing the idea or the concept .
Having the knowledge of something is different .
Understanding the main points of thing and getting the concepts of them will get you to a point where they will be usable when you need them .
Having the idea of something makes that information usefull and gives it a value .
Because it means that something which has been learned , but not just taken in memory because of your teacher says you have to .
Getting the concept of something will be better because if the teacher asks you something about it and if you have only improved the result or the fact of it , it is quiate impossible for you to answer the question .
For example if you know the fact that the light will be on when you push the button , thats ok .
But if the teacher asks you why , it 's useless knowing the fact .
If you would have improved the main idea of light than it wont be a problem for you .

Never the less , having the knowledge of something will show you the facts eather way .
It is very important for you to understand the concept or the idea of something .
If you understand it , that means you can also understand the facts and the solutions of it .
For example , if you know how the light works that means the you can also permit the fact .
If you take a shower with a hair drier which is already on , its likely for you to burn .
Its all about knowing the main idea and getting the concept of it .

In conclusion , understanding ideas and conceps is far better than learning facts because knowing the main idea is very important and having the idea of something will show you the facts anyway .
At schools , the teachers should try to make clear the ideas but not only the facts to students .
I agree that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I base my opinion on substantial points favoring the consumers than the business .

One of the important things observed in advertisements these days is that they fail to portray the complete informaiton .
Let us take an example of `` X hair dye '' .
The advertisement for this says that `` You can get a better hair texture , brighter color and stronger hair if you use X hair dye . ''
Some person develops an allergy with the hair dye and builds skin rashes .
It was not the problem with the person but the incomplete information provided to the consumer .
The consumer is entailed to read and verify all the information stated in the package and then could have possibly deciphered its allergy .
Most of the cases , we as consumers , come to know the complete fact only when we buy the product and read the details .
I believe that giving incomplete information is a means of luring the consumer into buying the product .

Various products are available in the market and lot of them compete with each other in the same space .
Advertisements play a significant role of manipulating the fact to overpower its competitor .
Let us take an example of an auto insurance advertisement-Geico for instance .
Geico in the north eastern part of United States advertises that it provides the lowest auto insurance rates .
Any consumer gets easily lured to Geico 's website or customer service to check if he/she can actually lower the rate .
On careful analysis it is observed that some other auto insurance firms prove to be cheaper than Geico , for example Liberty Mutual .
Geico provides low insurance rates to consumers who have a good credit history and fantastic driving records .
This factor is common for all auto insurance companies .
If only , Geico would have advertised `` We sell cheap auto insurances to people with good credit history and great driving record '' !
Thus advertisements manipulate the fact and do not present a true picture .

Under most of the circumstances , cost is major factor for consumers .
Advertisements do a fantastic job in not revealing the hidden costs .
For example , a consumer gets lured to buy a washing machine and reaches the store .
He has almost narrowed down his search and starts talking to the sales representative .
Cost has been a major factor in his decision .
Once he starts talking to the sales representative , he understands that the washing machine requires other components without which it cannot operate .
These other components increase the cost of the washing machine .
If the advertisers would have portrayed the need to buy other components , the consumer would not have wasted his time in buying that machine or would have waited for some more time until he had that money .

To conclude , I believe that advertisers do an amazing job in luring the customers .
Most of the time the advertisers do ensure that the consumer is not duped and has access to all the informaiton required to buy or use the product .
But in all these cases , a decent amount of time and energy needs to be invested by the consumers to decipher if the product actually suits their needs .
I completely agree with the statement ` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . '
There are so many examples that prove this statement to be true .
I am taking a psychology class at my school and we actually had an assignment about this .
We had to bring an advertisement to class out of a magazine or newspaper that represents a product .
Advertisements are always exaggerated to be better than they actually are .
People advertise their products in order to sell it .
It is a business and no business will be successful without positive feedback .
Of course , if the product seems good , people are going to want to buy it .
The advertisement that I brought into class was a cigarette ad .
I found it on the back of a magazine lying around at school .
The cigarette brand was `` Kool . ''
The ad showed a young man laughing and seeming happy .
He was holding a trumpet trumpet in one hand while holding a cigarette in the other .
This advertisement made cigarettes seem much better than they really are .
Everyone knows that cigarettes are bad for your health and are in general just disgusting , but ads like these make people think twice .

Another example of making products look better than they truely are , are food products .
Many food companies that produce the same food as another company , will compete with that company .
Both food companies will have to make their foods look better and sound better than that of the other company 's .
These advertisements will start popping up everywhere like on TV .

Advertisements like these are found everywhere you go .
When you are at home , you will se advertisements on TV or receive it in the mail .
When you are walking through the city , you will see posters hanging on the sides of the street or on the side of a bus .
People cannot get away from it , which is good for the businesses , but bad for the people .
People will automatically be attracted to certain products that seem very good on an advertisement .
How much people enjoys life depends on many factors .
Age maybe one of them .
But is it a decisive factor that can entitled young people to enjoy life and older people not ?

Typically young people appears to be more energetic , situtation that is normally refered to as `` being full of life '' .
I agree with this affirmation but only in some extent .
For example , most of young people do not have the amount of responsabilities that older people have like childrens or a job from which susbsistence of your family depends on .
Furthermore , older people tends to have mental burdens that come from decisions made in the past that are not satisfying their current expectations .
These burdens can bitter a person and made him or her lose the sense of life enjoyment .

On the other side , I agree with the statement that life enjoyment is not related to age .
I have a good personal example to support this point .
My mother was a person used to work during her entire life .
She worked from 7am to 5pm and even she brought work at home .
This sedentary life cause her health problems , like hypersensibility to weather changes ( she got a flu pretty easily ) and started to get fatter .
This situation basically deprived her from enjoying life .
She looked always sad and bitter and she started to seek a way to relieve watching TV , which in turn kept her away from friends and family avoiding her enjoyment of her personal relationships .
Three years ago , she started to go to a dance group in a local gym where she found herself comfortable and truly animated .
Right now , she dances every day .
Her health has improved considerably , his personal and social life has ameliorated to the point that now she is a different woman , one more confident that looks always happy .
In the same way , another example is my friend Carlos .
He is very young .
However , five years ago he missed the opportunity to study a doctor program in the US because he had personal problems with and ex girl friend .
He was already studying the program , then he had to drop out university .
Since then , he does not forgive himself from this situation and constantly looks sad and depressed .

Based on the reasons and examples provided I have to disagree with the statement presented .
I think that the mental and emotional framework in which people based their actions determines how much they enjoy life regarless their age .
I fully agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know .
Taking risks to achieve something big is what these successful people believe in .
They have big dreams .
They feel that without taking risks they cannot fulfil them .
They are not afraid of failing and they expect positive outcome from these risks .

Typically the people who fall under this category are the bussinessmen .
For example to sell his product a successful businessman would use a method like this .
He does the entire campaigning and advertising of a new product that he has to sell in a different way .

He keeps offers for his customer like `` buy one and get one free '' .so by doing this he attracts the customer to his product and thereby increases the sell .
He does n't think about the money that he is going to spend by keeping such offers but he thinks about the money he is going to make by using this `` buy one get one free '' offer .
So the risk here is to give such kind of offer .
so this is the outlook of a suuccessful person .
They see the positive side of everything .
They actually do the same things but they do it differently and thats what makes them different from a ordinary person .
Now if we think about a not so successful businessman in the same situation he would n't have taken the risk of giving big offers from the fear : what if the customers dont buy my product ?
I will be doomed .
So he would follow his usual way .
Even if there is no loss there is no extra gain is what this businessman thinks .
But the successful businessman does not fear about the loss and consistently thinks the big profit incase his idea succeeds .
This essay refers to the question whether advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

I agree with the statement that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because of the following reasons :

The first reason is that advertisements show only the advantages of the products and ignore the disadvantages .
You do not get complete information about the product , about special conditions and tariffs and about the possibilities of use .
Very often you realize the disadvantages of the products after the act of purchasing and you are disappointed that you cannot use the product in the way you planned it .

The second reason is that advertisements make you think that the advertised product is the best product you can have in this area or subject .
But you do not know if this is the truth because the advertisment does not show you a comparison of prices and features of the advertised product and the competitor 's product .
The aim of advertisements is to make you buy products without thinking and without comparing features and prices .
In my opinion , this aim and this way to sell products violates the principle of self-determination and is morally wrong .

The third reason is that advertisements give you sometimes the feeling that you unconditionally need the product which the advertisement is for - even if you have never thought of this product before and you do not really need it .
The advertisements can produce strong wishes to buy things , but people are not aware that their wish ist caused by advertismenet .
The advertisements try by this method to increase consum and profits for the producing company , but very often you make unnecessary purchases and expenditures because you use the advertised products only once .

The last reason why I think that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are is that they are often adressed to children .
Children mostly do not understand the value of money and do not think about the quality of an advertised product .
They just want to have it and ask their parents for this product as long as the parents decide to buy it .
In many cases the parents do not spend any thoughts about quality and price because they want to make their children happy and accepted in the community of other children .
So it is much easier to sell products with low quality if you adress children with the right advertisement .

So in conclusion I believe because of the mentioned reasons that advertisements make products seem much better and useful than they really are .
Cars , which are considered as means of necessity now a days , were considered as luxury in 1950's and 1970's .
People since 1970 has increased using cars because they stand for prestige .
The present topic is use of cars in twenty years , whether there will be more or few cars in use .

There are both advantages as well as disadvantages of using car .
Advantages could be 1 ) economical , as the whole family could travel at the same time and costs less when compared to the expenses of travelling by train or bus .
2 )
Second advatnage could be halting or taking rest when wanted .
The disadvanatges could be 1 ) pollution , 2 ) increasing traffic , 3 ) more accidents .

Now-a-days , people in cities like london , tend to leave their cars at home and prefer travelling by train to their destinations and this probably could be due to INCREASED TRAFFIC , which delays people from commitments .
So I agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use .

The second point that inclines me to take the side of the statement is POLLUTION .
Most of the people are suffering with respiratory diseases like asthma , chonic bronchitis and for this pollution could be blamed partly .
People who lived all their lives working in bigger cities tend to retire in country side to avoid air and sound pollution .

So this could be one of the reason that in future use of cars will be lowered .

The third point which supports my decision regarding fewer cars in use in twenty years is obesity and physical fitness .
People are more bothered about their physical fitness as they are busy with the work and ca n't exercise in leisure time .
So as a matter of fact most people to improve and maintain physical fitness ride bikes to work than using cars .

So to conclude , with all the above reasons there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years .
The issue at hand is whether it is better to have a broad academic education or to specialize in certain academic disciplines or fields .

On the one hand , there are good reason for a variety of academic experiences .
If you receive a broader eduction , your academic background will help you to be able to work in different kind of job .
For example , if somebody has not only studied medicine but business administration as well , this person will have a lot of opportunities on the job market .
He or she can work in a clinic as well as in a consulting firm .

Furthermore , different academic fields provide different approaches to solve problems or to describe the world .
Being able to see several views , somebody will gain a general view of eduction and science .
For example , a student who is a candidate for a degree in economics but who also does attend some extracurricular courses in psychology , will be able to better understand why poeple in economic theories act the way they do .

On the other hand , it is neccessary to develop a certain profession .
That is why somebody should focus on one academic discipline in particular .
Today there is a very strong competition at the labor market .
A student who does not specialize in one or two subjects probably will not be able to succeed in a highly competitive environment .
For example recruiters of leading investment banks cannot employ somebody who does not have a detailed knowledge about certain topics .

Moreover , time you spend on trying to get broad academic skills , cannot be used to spezialize in one particlur topic .
This is a trade-off-problem .
When I also attend extracurricular courses , there is - in consequence - less time to deal with those courses that are neccessary to receive a degree .
This could also lead to the aspect that is mentioned above .

Finally , after considering all these pros and cons , I feel that the very best is to focus on a certain academic discipline and to specialize .
Maybe one extracurricular course can be attended each term .
This will provide a solid education and good opportunities , but will use the broad supply of a college or a university in an effective way as well .
Nowadays many people travel in groups , led by a tour guide .
I think this is not the best way to travel , and I try to avoid these organised holidays .
Since I 've been young , I have travelled very much with my family , and we have never been in a group .
This has made ties between us stronger , and it gives us the oportunity to spend time together , which is usually hard during school time .
If we had traveled with a group , we might not have had so much good time together .
One that bothers me about traveling in a group is that you are always with strangers that , even if they can be very nice people , are not close to you .
Moreover there can be people in the group who try to impose themselves as the `` leaders '' , organizing everything .
You then loose part of your autonomy and end up angry at them , and at yourself , for having accepted to travel with other people .
Moreover , my family holidays have always been organized by my mother , so we could choose what we wanted to see and how much time we thought we should spend in each place .
The memories we have of our trips are therefore very personal and , in my opinion , more satisfying than those of people who have to follow a tour guide because ours are unique .

Moreover , each time I see a travel group I get the impression that their trip is a mear product , that is sold to them and that has no personal content .
If they compare their holidays to those of other people in travel groups they will realise that they visited the same monuments and heard the same explanations from the tour guide .
We can also add that these organized trips leave no space for adventure .
For instance , one of my friends traveled to Cambodia with her family and had a serie of accidents due to bad weather .
Even if at first they were nervous because their trip had to be changed , they ended up having a lot of fun , doing things such as riding motor cycles on secondary roads , that they had not planned the least bit !
If this happens to a group , the agency in charge can not let them take these `` risks '' .
In modern days , there are more things to do for young people than for older people .
The recent electric products are all focused on young people not older people .
Things become more difficult for older people to learn new technology .
The significance difference between how older people enjoy life and young people enjoy life is another reason why older people cannot enjoy life as much as young people does .

One reason that young people would enjoy their lives better than older people would be change in technology .
As the techology develops , the companies are focusing on entertaining young people .
As an example , the video games are focusing on young people , and so as the computers .
Also , things like computer became more complicated and harder to use .
It is hard for older people to learn it and enjoy it with other people .
As a result , young person gets bigger verities in terms of how they can enjoy life .

In addition , it is very different how older people enjoy their lives and how young people enjoy their lives .
Young people would enjoy life by playing games and hanging out with friends , older people enjoy life by making achievements and spending time with families .
Since , young people reject to spend time with older people , older people spending time alone or by themselves and having hard time enjoying life .
Again , as a result , older people have less way to enjoy life .

Another reason why young people enjoy life more than older people do is because they have the energy which older people no longer have .
Young people get more chioce in terms of how to enjoy life .
Sports activities would be a good example .
Most of young people have better stamina than older people , and it helps them to enjoy the same thing longer compare to older people .
It proves that young people could enjoy life better As a conclusion , young people enjoy life more than older people since they could enjoy the new technology .
Also they have energy to do more things which requires a lot of energy to enjoy such as sports .
The difference of what they enjoy would be another factor which proves that young people enjoy life more .
`` Who wants to be a millionaire ? '' is a TV show produced and broadcasted in many different countries .
Everybody who regularly watches this show will recognize that people winning high amounts of money in this show have a broad knowledge of a variety of subjects .
Many people claim that it might be better to have such a broad knowledge of different fields than to be specialized in only one given field .
Nonetheless I think it is better to specialize in one specific subject .

The first point to support this opinion is the rapid growth of knowledge .
Man 's knowledge doubles every three to five years .
Several hundred years ago it was possible to study theology , astrology , astronomy and medicine and then claim to be a man having the whole knowledge of the whole world , being extensively educated in any known field of science .
With the huge amount of knowledge we have gathered today this is no more possible .
Thus there is a certain need to reside in one specific subject .

A second point is that one has to adapt to a certain grade to what industry and society needs .
Industry is looking for highly trained specialists , engineers , physicians and phycisists .
But not for someone who tells them he knows everything , but only to quite small extents .
With this knowledge you might be an interesting candidate for `` Who wants to be a millionaire ? '' , but not for a good job in industry .

Third , I think it might be quite a boost for your self-confidence to be able to see yourself as a real expert on a given topic .
Last year there was a certain awareness concerning avian flu , and there was no single day without the news reporting about it .
In most of those articles and shows there were citations of experts on the topic of virology , highly trained specialists who really knew how to fight flu .
But there was no single citation of anyone claiming to be the one to know little about flu , but also about every other topic .
To have a chance as an expert , you need to be a specialist in this subject , and this will only leave you little time to gather broad knowledge of other subjects .

What we need today is the expert highly specialized in one specific subject .
To address different issues it might be necessary to combine experts and build teams , but in a world facing such a rapid growth of knowledge specialization is according to my opinion definitely the best and only effective way to go .
Some people prefer to divide theirselves to several areas and know a little thing about many subjects while others prefer to get deeply information on one subject .
Based on my experiences I strongly believe that a person should specialize in one subject .
There will never be enough time to get deep knowledge of all the subjects and there are several advantages of specialzing in one subject , easiness to reach success and live iin a more organized way and it Unfortunately there is a big time problem in recent years .
I mean there is a lot of things to do but not enough time for them .
People should use their time very economically .
Trying to get knowledge in many different areas is a big time lost ; moreover it is a challenging idea .
Due to the high responsibilities there will never be enough time to really understand all of the topics , no one is so intelligent .

In addition , I do n't believe that a person can reach success by giving his or hers interest in different areas .
I had such a friend that encountered such a situation .
We werw at the same class , he get everytime high grades .
Then he decided to study architecture beside chemical engineering and at the same time he played guitar in a bar .
After this decision his grades declined significiantly : moreover he loosed his job because he was so tired and could n't give good performances .
To be an accomplished worker a person should have detailed information of his subject .
Without knowing all the aspects of a subject no one can do a good job .
Because he or she would n't have appropriate knowledge to use when heor she confronts a problem .

A person is going to live in a more organized way by studying one subject , because all the things that he has to do during a day will be fixed .
There will not be any disorders to disrupt his day .

In conclusion I prefer to specialize in one susject rather than having broad knowledge of many subjects because I believe that there are sqarce time to deal with many subjects , it is easier to reach succsses
I do totally agree with the statement .
For me , there is nothing more important than understanding ideas and concepts .
It 's a shame that most school-systems concentrate more on learning by hard then understanding ideas .
The schools missed all important achievements of the last 50 years .
They focus on learning facts , not on understanding facts .
In my eyes , it 's possible to pass school only by learning facts without understanding them .
Even in universtity , in several subjects , for example in some economic-subjects , it 's possible to get along with learning facts .
But for university you shoud fullfill other requirements .
If you try to pass live only by learning facts , you have the wrong point of view .
You cannot repeat facts all the time , once in your live you have to come to the point where you understand the links between several topics and where you are able to produce your own ideas .

On the other hand you cannot achiev anything only by understanding ideas and concepts .
Once understood , you have to learn several things by hard .
The best example is to learn a language .
You can understand all the grammar - but without vocabulary you wo n't be able to have a conversation in this language .
I know a lot of smart students who are able to understand ideas very fast .
But when they understood the ideas , the do not think about them anymore , they do n't learn them by hard , and , as fast as they understood the ideas , they forget them .
It 's a waste of talent , they do not recognize that you have to work hard for good results .
They are not used to .
And , no matter of my opinion , i did also realize how important it is to learn facts , and how difficult it is .
But learning facts must never be the more important point of studies .
For only learning facts , we do n't need human beeings , computers are better in storing information without thinking of it .
As long as we think of the facts we learn , we learn the right way , the way you need to learn to be a good student .
I think that being a succesful person includes the fact of being one of those peo new things and , therefore , takes the risks related .
If a person is openminded and has as much experience as possible , this person will have a lot more opportunities .

The experience offers the possibility of having new original ideas : for example in business , you will have the opportunity of starting a new market if your idea is original ; and that is what happened , for example , to the chewing gum market : the person that startes this business did not sell chewing gum at the beginning .
This product was given as a present to the people that bought soap ; this idea was original , but it worked !
So the business changed from a `` soap business '' to the chewing gum one .

Trying new things also means , in my opinion , being a competitive person .
A person that is competitive with himself , with his life , always wants new challenges .
Being a person that can afford to face a challenge with himself , he will not be scared when he has to handle with someone else , and with the related risks .
He knows his own skills and how to use them ; and he is also aware about his weaknesses already .
This self confidence rises the opportunity to be the winner of the challenge .

Last , but not least at all , people that try new things not only have to deal with risks , but sometimes with failures .
This is the other way of learning while making experience .
People know what is `` wrong '' to do in situations , and how not to fail again .

For all these reasons , I definitely think that successful people are those who try new things , learning from them how to reach success , how to implement it , and what to avoid so not to fail .
They must be a little brave and learn from their own experience .
Historically , to have a broad knowledge of subjects was perceived as part of a culturally enriched society .
If we take a peek at the ancient greeks we see that all their main philosophers ( Platon , Aristoteles or Socrates ) were considered to be experts in many fields .
But time has changed and nowadays specialization has become more and more important .

Having said this , I ca n't totally disagree with this tendency .
I believe that in our modern society , if you want to stand out from the rest you need to specialize and become an expert on your area or field .
A good example of this is what the labour market is currently demanding .
If you do n't have a job because you are not specialized or expert enough , how can you wish to have a broader knowledge ?

Different is if , in your spare time , you devote it to persue other academic knowledge , that 's fine .
But I believe that the real reason why many people choose to a very specific academic knowledge and a certain career path is because this will assure them the suficient ` know how ' they will need in th future tu secure a job position .

Educational authorities and responsibles should have a say in all this .
From my perspective the educational laws should provide the opportunity to the students to choose a wider spectrum of subjects as longer as possible .
To be honest , this will not be possible always , there will a time that the student will have to focus in which path he or she will like to continue in .
But the later we prolongue this decision , the better .

To summarize , if we lived in an ideal world we could all know about a lot of subjects but this is n't like this .
The reality is avery different one and we have to apply to it .
The society wants ` experts ' and we know it , so we play by the book .
Travelling to a new place can be very exciting especially if done by group .
The best way to get to know a new place is by having the opinion of someone who knows what to show , but a tour guide can be very monotonous and tedious if you want to explore .

If you were to go in a group of people to a new city , travelling with a tour guide can be safe and interesting .
The guide can show you the local attractions such as a church , cathedral even a local bar , but it is way more fun if you go on your own , and experience the church maybe even pray a little ; go to the cathedral and look at the things that you want to look at and not what the guide wants to show you ; and get to a bar and sit and enjoy with the locals and not with the guide and the group who are usually in a hurry .

Another good reason for going on your own , is that you can always stop wherever you want and feel free to shop , visit , stop , eat , drink and do almost anything .
A guide will always tell you or induce you into what to do or what to look at .

If you were to plan a visit to your personal sightings , because there is a reason that motivated you to go to a certain place , you will do it in your own schedule , at your own time and rhythm .
Plan when and where you will eat .
When you 'll come back to your hotel and arrange your day according to your interests .
Meanwhile , the guide will look for the best schedule to do as much as possible in one day , try not to leave anything out , plan where and when you will eat , and most important look-out for the group 's interest which is not always your own .

Finally , a very important and problably exciting reason to go on your own and not with a guide , is that you can meet people in your visit and end up leaving with that person to visit other locations and getting to know the place through someone else 's eyes .
Or if you travel with your couple , it would be romantic to walk and visit together and not with a guide or the group .

As you can conclude , travelling by yourself to a new place is much better than with a guide .
It is personal , exciting , and most important , adequate to your best interests .
The life is a relatively short period for some people .
However , if you succeed in achieving the benefits at any age , it will no longer be a problem .
Enjoying the life at older ages will bring you the feeling of a long life .
It also comes with the question of the difference between young people and the older ones about the enjoyment gathered from the life .

As far as I 'm concerned , older people enjoy life the way it has to be and it brings them many advantages against younger ones .
At earlier ages , people are not even aware of the time passing rapidly and have the lack of experince which will let them enjoy the life the way it is meant to be .
On the other side , being older gives you the comfort of knowing what to do and where to do .
Especially after retirement , you have nothing to worry about whereas younger people feels the pressure of the responsibilities against their families and also the dilemmas they usually come up with .
Moreover , older people do know how to spend their money to get the most of it .

In addition to what I 've said before , of course there are many disadvantages of being older which maybe seems to badly affect your life .
Nonetheless , if you have the right point of view , you can easily see that those are not even taken into consideration .
For instance , being less energetic is an important lack against the younger people .
However , if you use it efficiently and effectively , it wo n't be a problem to cope with anymore .
With that in mind , if you care for yourself enough , you can also stand against health problems longer than you think .

In conclusion , I completely disagree with the statement provided .
Older people really know how to enjoy the life .
In my opinion there will be fewer cars than today within twenty years of time .
The reasons for this shall either be with restrictions of governments or with peoples own choices .

First of all the earth , which is the only proofed place that we can provide our livings , have been and continuing to be polluted a lot starting from the industrial development days .
Cars , which look like a must for most people , are results of those developmets .
Increase of car usage shall increase pollutions of gas and sound which I believe human beings shall not stand any more .
To solve that there shall be some restrictions on usage of cars , on kind of the gas they will use or sound removers etc .

Secondly the nature sources of the earth are decreasing with the effect of population increse .
Which means that more people shall need more natural resource to cook their food or to be heated instead of going to their work by their own car .
I do n't think that there will be direct limitations depending on this topic but the gas prices shall increase day by day on such levels that people shall be forced to make such a decisions .

Additionally again with some dependency to the above mentioned population increase reason space on earth for each people is also getting decreased day by day .
People need home to leave and people need offices to work .
As long as they use their own cars they will also need places to park their cars .
Increase of all needs with same degree shall again force people to make a decision which shall support my opinion .

Finally and most imporantly , I believe that people shall prefer not to have their own cars for their mental health .
Spending most of their time sitting in a car and going no where in the traffic jam or again spending lots of time for trying to find a place for parking , are already making them unhappy and aggressive in todays world I believe increase of these spended times in each day shall make them worser and force them to decide not to have their own car or even sell the one they have .
What is fun ?
Is it having no care in the world or is it having responsibilities that you enjoy ?
There are differences in opinion of what fun is for various people .
Usually , the age at which one is young , free and ready to face the world is considered exciting and more fun .
The question is , are we ready to say that older people cannot enjoy life ?
I do n't think so .

When we are younger , in most cases , we have no responsibilities and only ourselves to think about .
This leads to concentrating on only our needs and goals and hence attaining happiness out of it .
But also , at this point in life , we need to think about the future and plan accordingly .
This may lead to intense competition in academic life and a general stress .
This is definitely not true always , but in most cases it usually tends to have a balancing effect on the fun , challenging the notion that we have more fun when we are young .

Once we grow older , have a career and family , our responsibilities are increased .
This does not mean we cannot have fun .
By weighing all factors and getting into a career we love , we can do something we enjoy .
And having a family can only be a good thing because you will have people who love you and care about you .
Sometimes we wonder how it is possible for many people to be so active and remain happy inspite of busy schedules .
It is mainly because they enjoy what they do and love facing challenges .

Even after retiring and getting old , we can do those things in life that we always wanted to do , like reading our favorite books , going to our favorite places and experiencing life as never before .
I think that the fun is in enjoying the little things in life that bring happiness , and having a positive attitude .

Therefore , if we finally define fun as enjoying what one does , I do n't think there is any difference whether we 're young or old as long as we experience life in the way we should .
Contemporary world demands a wide repertoir of skills and a reasonable fund of knowledge to enjoy the comforts and facilities afforded by advances in science and technology .
I agree with the idea that it is preferable to have a broad base of many academic subjects rather than having specialized knowledge in a narrow specific subject .
I would like to substantiate my point of view in this essay .

There has been an unprecedented explosion of knowledge in the recent decades - it is impossible for any single individual to master any field .
In the same breath , the advances are so profound and far reaching that knowledge has no subject boundaries any more .
A specialist in a specific field cannot contribute at the periphery of his subject area unless he knows about other subjects that interlink with it .
For example , physicians who wish to deal with genetic diseases cannot function efficiently unless they have good back ground in genetics and biochemistry , two closely related subjects .
Similarly the advances in gene unravelling would not be possible if computer scientists and geneticists had strictly compartmental training .
Bio-informatics is a new field emerging to support and solidify the biological information with the help of computer technology .

One can quote endless examples : the advent CAT scan is an engineering marvel that yields invaluable information to the treating physicians about the interior of body .
Use of computer and internet is an insepetable feature of our daily life , which is not possible without learning computers .
Being a great scientist would not suffice - one should be trained in the social sciences too - sociology , psychology and economics .

Most North American universities support this view by encouraging students to have a graduate degree ( of any subjects ) before one can apply to the med school .
Most other parts of the world seem to be following the same trend , and a variety of new courses with innovative subject combinations are on the horizon .
With such developments it would be easy to find students with a broad based general information and a few of them with intensive knowledge in specific fields , like an astronomer trained in music and enjoying his piano in the space !
Young people now days have better things in mind than to think of their community .
Some Teenagers try to respect their community by following their rules and helping out while some others dont even care whats going on .
But we ca n't really say that all young people are the same and that they think exacty the same .
That 's like saying that every single adult is the same and that is certainly not true .

Sometimes it really depends by in what community young people are surrounded in .
Their Interest 's would most likely change by the community .
For example if it is helping out in the school community , young people would most likely be more interseted to get involved into it because it is something that they have to learn for future .
Because it involves them and their future life , they show more interest .
Rather than if it is about the community that they live in , they woulnd't really care , unless the people in the community are very close and the teenagers are massivly pulled into it .

Now days so many other things are happening in the world that involves young people all around They either have no time to even help out in the community or they are not willing to and think it 's a waste of time .
There is so much to do for them now school whise and socially that they do n't even realize what 's going on in the community around them .
But that again depends by how big or how involved they are in a community .

Technology has changed so much in the live 's of young people that they either hardly have the time or interest to change or help the community that they are surrounded in .

At the end it really depends by the interest of the young people to help in the community .
They can change a lot in a community and some of them know that .
Not every young person thinks the same .
Some teenagers have the will to help out in a community because they know that only young people can change it and some teenagers dont even care and think that they have better things to do .
No one can reallly change that .
The will has to come from their own mind and that can only come if they want it .
There are conflicting views whether young people enjoy life more than older people do .
It depends on the location the person lives or the background situation the person underwent .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , yound people enjoy life more as they have not encounted much , thus everything will be novel and exciting for them , plus , they have healthy bodies that permit them to enjoy life and young people tend to be less stressed , thus enjoy life more .

Generally , the younger the person is , the less experiences s/he had gone through .
Therefore , everything they do , it will be exicting for them as it would be a novel experience for them .
To exemplify this idea , a young person who travels by air will be enthusiastic , as for them , plane travel could be something extraordinary and novel , contrary to an older person who has already had abounding number of air travels .
For that older person , it would be tiring and unenjoyable .

More importantly , it is no exaggeration to say that the state of one 's health determines whether a person can enjoy life more than others .
It is a known fact that the younger the person is , the healthier s/he is .

To many , climbing the Himalaya mountains could mean enjoying life , seeing the natural beauty of the planent .
Trekking for a month to climb the ever-lasting ranges of mountains until reaching the apex requires healthy body .
Thus in other words , the younger the person is , more it is possible to enjoy life .

Lastly , I am sure that many people will agree with me , as older we get , we tend to get more stressed out .
When we are young , we only have to worry about school reports or doing well at school .
Therefore we can freely enjoy life .
Go clubbing and dancing all night without any worry .
However , older people have many things to worry and care about .
Parents have to worry about money .
Enjoying life by going on a holiday , they worry if they can afford it or can they take a leave from work or more commonly , who will look after the children ?

To conclude , young people tend to enjoy life as they have the health capacity to do so , the mind and the passion .
They do n't get headaches like older people about money or children .
Therefore , it is actually depressing to point out the fact that when people age and reach their retirement age , they cannot enjoy life as much as young people can .
First of all allow me to say that I totally agree with the idea that it is much more important for students to understand ideas than to learn facts .
The importance of understanding underlying ideas instead of only learning mere facts can be summarized by saying that a student that has learnt by heart a lot of facts can be defined for sure as a student with a lot of notions but at the same extent can surely find him or herself in a lot of problems when trying to apply the facts they know in order to understand different situations .

Let ' think of history as an example .
If it is true that on one side it is certain that a student must learn a series of facts that have determined the historical events of a certain age , on the otherone it is equally certain that a student that does not understand all the drivers and all the underlying causes that driven those facts will never be able to really understand what has happened thus impeeding himself or herself to avoid same mistakes made by former generations and to replicate the succesful ideas applied to differnt contexts .

Obviously this is just an example but basically all subjects can be used as examples in order to sustain the importance of understanding more than learing by heart .
Take math as a last example .
If a student learns by heart a math rule without understanding the general sense of it , he or her will only be able to apply the memorized rule if it presents itself in the exact same form of the rule studied by heart .
Well this is simply impossible in maths since a particular rule has to be applied to a potentially infinite variety of possible occasions .

As I was saying , since learing by heart something infinite is impossible , understanding is the only possible solution for a student .
These are only two examples , but the same concept applies to basically all the subjects that student approach during their accademic years , thus understanding is fundamental whilst learing fact is a waist of time .
I agree with the statement that young people do not spend enough time helping their communities .
I believe from personal observation and experience that social service has much lesser importance amongst the youth of today than what it should ideally be having .
Young people do not seem to think that community service should be an integral part of their lives .

This is unfortunate , because social service has profound impact both on the individual and community levels .
Social service builds personal character , promotes community spirit and develops respondibility in a person .
Hence it is essential for the overall growth and development of the person .
Community service is essential for a functioning society - it promotes the general well-being of the society , encourages responsibility division and delegation and greatly enhances the integration of the community .

One only needs to look around to find examples of youngsters neglecting their societial duties and responsibilities .
They are more busy admiring and aping transient entertainment and fashion icons .
These ` icons ' of today do nothing to instill social responsibility amongst their fans .
A life of hedonism is considered ` cool ' and seems to be the trend to follow for the youngsters .
They do not have enough concern about the welfare of the underprivileged , or the elderly .
They are unaware of pressing issues that their society faces .
Even in my own community - which places immense value on giving respect to elders - I have seen young people ignore the plight of their own parents and grandparents .

It is essential that the reasons for the greatly reducing sense of social responsibility amongst the youth be identified and remedial measures taken .
It should be instilled amongst them that as a part of society people have duties and responsibilities which simply cannot be shirked .
Parents and teachers must take care to instill the values of social service in children from and early age , and must themselves prove to be good role models .
Schools must regularly provide social service and community ethics courses , and atleast a few of them could be made mandatory .

In conclusion , I would like to reitierate the point that the lack of social commitment and responsibility amongst the youth is a trend that is detrimental to both the individual and society .
It is imperative that proper measures be taken to reverse this trend and to make our youth more socially responsible again .
When you are doing studies , you are confronted with a lot of facts , and also with ideas , and specific concepts , either you are studying biology or literature , or philosophy .
We could wonder what , for a student , is more important : Is it understanding ideas and concepts or learning facts ?
Right from the beginning , we could answer that what is really important is both to understand concepts and ideas , and to learn facts , that is to say learn to understand both to the light of each other .
Actually , we could think that understanding a concept does n't mean anything if you do n't have any fact to link it with .
If you just have a concept , but no facts , it serves for nothing to know this concept .
Nevertheless , if I had to choose between both , as a student , I would argue that it is more important to learn to understand ideas and concepts , during your courses , at the university .
I would say that because in my opinion you have less chances to encounter concepts and ideas and to understand it in your personal life than in university .
University is the place you could learn about difficult notions and where a teacher could explain them to you and develop them , whereas you could learn facts on your own , reading newspapers , listening to the radio or reading books .
Yet , I would add that it is important to learn facts , so as to improve on your knowledge , which ca n't be composed of concepts and ideas , since it is always important to know , for instance , important dates of the history , if you are an student in history , or important formule if you are a student in biology , or the date a writer wrote an important novel and the political and cultural context in which he wrote it , if you are a student in literature .
This essay will examine the question of whether or not most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It seems pretty obvious that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The first example that comes to mind are the pictures of food at fast food restaurants .
One sees a perfectly looking hamburger in the picture , with fresh lettuce and tomatos and a enormous piece of meat , but when you actually get the hamburger you find yourself dissapointed looking at a squashed hamburguer bread with barely anything in it .
We could add many more amusing examples .
For instance consider all the weight-loss products .
The advertisement shows a before and an after picture of the person using the product .
The before picture is of a heavy ugly looking man , and the after picture is of a handsome fit man ( usually it is not even the same person ) .
In fact the person who actually buys the weight-loss product will soon discover that the miracle solution to his weight problem is nothing but a sham .

The simple truth is that companies have to lie a little in order to get attention for their products .
It is a whole different question whether or not these exagerations or glorifications or even straight - out lies will actually help sell the product .
It seems clear that consumers will stop buying a certain product that is made to look good in an advertisement if in reality it does n't work or is much worse than it appeared to be .
So producers have to realize that overdoing it on the exageration will end up backfiring on them .
Companies must add a little truth into their advertisements in order to make their products more appealing to consumers , even if that means reducing the charm of their product .
After all , the consumer will make the company suffer if the product it attempts to sell is garbage compared to the advertisement .
I am in favour of the argument that over the next twenty years the amount of cars in use will be decreasing .

Even though large parts of the world 's population will increase their mobility through economic growth , the negative impact of cars will outweigh this natural growth potential .
For example if China 's and India 's economic growth allows people to buy more cars , governments in both countries will need to react quickly to avoid the adverse effects of increased individual mobility .

Firstly , ecologically it will not be possible to continue using as many cars as today in the future .
Our environment is already suffering strongly from pollution caused by cars .
For example breathing and skin problems occur more often on people living in city centre locations than on the country side .
Furthermore our cultural heritage is endangered by car pollution as exhaust is attacking architectural works .

Secondly , economically it is not intelligent to count on individualised transport means .
Increasing congestion leads to large losses for an economy .
A lot of people stuck in their car are not working and loose time to contribute to growth of GDP .
First steps to integrate the cost of this time loss have been taken in London and Singapure by introducing a congestion charge in city centres .
Therefore , in future it will be more expensive to use cars than to use public transport .

Thirdly , most cars require petrol or oil for their engine .
Considering that the exploitable world oil reserves are not increasing anymore , oil will become more and more expensive , making car driving a luxury .
Furthermore as large amounts of oil reserves are located in the Middle East or in politically unstable countries such as Venezuela it is becoming increasingly dangerous for societies to rely on oil as the engine of their transport means .
This is possibly the strongest argument to move to other tranport means than cars as we know them .

In conclusion , the trends laid out above are providing enough information to suggest that there will be less cars in use twenty years from now .
Yes , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products much better than they really are .
The nature of advertisements is to sell , be it a consumer product or a political message .
In order to sell , advertisements often exhibits the following features :

First of all , advertisements often create an attractive image associated with the product to their consumers or their audience .
Advertisements , especially those TV ads with sound and picture , often present the products to consumers in a more appealing way .
For example , an advertisement for Nextle Coffee in China .
The TV ad has several handsome young men and elegant young women sipping coffee with a background soundover `` great flavor , great taste ! ''
.
People in China watched this ad unconsciously have the impression that cool , trendy , handsome people drink coffee .
The sales of Nextle coffee shot up after the ad .
Though tea is more popular in China , yet the attractive image presented in the ad lured many tea drinkers to buy Nextle coffee .
They want to be associated with the trend .
In this case , advertisements here add halo effect to the products .

Secondly , advertisements often use image leader to convey appealing message to their audience .
For example , Nike 's TV ad with Michael Jordon playing a basket ball accompanying the Nike logo and `` just do it '' message is very tempting .
People feel that wearing Nike shoes , they can be more successful .
It creats an illusion .
Because people admire Jordon and they want to buy the shoe brand he is wearing .
Here , Jordon is the image leader .
People follow suit .
People want to identify themselves with famous people .

Finally , advertisements often only mention the positive things about the products and ignore or downplay the side effects or negative aspects of the produccts .
For example , ads for drugs .
`` Ask your doctor if this medicine is for you '' instead of mentioning the side effects .

In sum , advertisements are marketing tools .
They cannot truly reflect what products they are .
They often elevate the products .
There is the arguement whether young people or older people enjoy life the most .
Some may argue that older people might enjoy life the most , since they think they are getting older and might die soon .
But I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do for many different reasons .

Young people want to live life to the fullest , and are willing to experience more than older people .
For example the tought of dying is not as present in a young person 's mind as it would be in an older person .
Therefore the young person is more likely to live the moment and not worry so much in the concequences that it might have in the future .
Another reason for arguing that young people enjoy life more , is that a younger person is healthier than an older individual .
By being healthier the person has more mobility , and energy to do more activities , and travel around the word .
Now days there is more technology that young people now how to use to their benefits , making their lives easier , leaving more time for entertaining activities , and leasure time .

Unlike younger people old people 's health as good .
As time passes by the body gets weaker and loses its strength .
There are more older individuasl suffering from a dissease which limitites their mobility , than younger people .
Older people have more thing to worry about that younger people , such as children and bills .
A lot of older people are not used to the technology that is offered now days , therefore most of them might not be encourage to using , and trying new things .

Their health , their stronger bodies , the mentallity , the willing to try new things , and the technology used by young people .
Unlike them older people lack of health and are more resistant to try new stuff .
And for those are the different reasons why younger people enjoy life more than older people .
I completely agree with this statement .
People become successful if they try different jobs and attain success in them .
But trying different jobs involves risk .
Hence to become successful tring different risky jobs is essential to any person .

Anyone have to try differet jobs to know in which they are talented as well as interested .
If we go on doing the same things which we know , there is no further gain .
We as well as lose the interest in what we are doing and finally get bored .
Then we cant move further .
We just dont know the destination .

If we go on trying new things we will certainly reach our destination one day or the other .
Then we can develop ourselves in that task .
Few of the scientists have invented the best things which we are using today by experimenting in different fields or tasks .
According to me without experimenting and taking risk one cannot achieve the best of what he can .
Though not experimenting may not make the person a failure .

Enjoying life somewhat involves in attempting various tasks .
Actually , the law of life is to face new tasks day-by-day .
this law is just implemented to attain success .
We see in our day to day life , many people in different fields are trying new tasks .
few examples are - actors trying in different concepts and themes to show their versatality , bussiness-man introducing new products and new advertising techniques , software engineers tring to work out and invent new soft wares etc ...
Trying on different jobs may lead people to failure many-a times but this should not become a break to their experimental nature .
They should recover from the failures and rise to success as said in the following proverb - `` Failures are stepping stones for success '' .this means that a person can learn a lot from failure about what to do and not to do .
This experience makes the person more and more perfect as the time progresses .

So according to me everyone should try new tasks and accept challenges in life not only to attain success but also to enjoy the life in various aspects .
In today 's world , a successful individual is someone that has achieved a goal in his life , who 's happy with what he has accomplished , with what he owns and has reached a high level of well-being .
Everything seams perfect , but this also raises a question : Can a successful person desire more to what he already has ?
Will he try to have new experiences and take risks ?
I believe there can be two answers to this question .

First of all I must agree with the statement that a successful man is going to search for new accomplishments and experiences because otherwise his existence becomes meaningless , and his journey through life would become repetitive and boring .
A person eventually adapts to what he owns and to the situation that he lives in and is suddenly going to expect new things to occur , and wish for new events .
I believe it 's in the nature of man to desire new things , a man is always trying to satisfy his desires and when they are indeed satisfied , he 'll have new desires .
It 's a cycle .

However I can also disagree with the previous statement because trying new things and taking risks depends also a lot on the individual 's character .
I believe a man has to be confident with himself and his abilities if he wants to try new adventures .
He has to be courageous and responsible to take risks .

In conclusion i both agree and disagree with the idea that successful people try new things and take risks .
In my opinion young people do not support their communities as much as they should .

I have several resons for this opinion .
Young people today are very much caring about their own free time and the activities they do .
They do not see the community that is around them but only their own benefit .

For example , a lot of young boys use skating rinks to skateboard , however very few of them actually helped building the sites so that the kids of the community can enjoy the rinks .

Reason number two is rather obvious as well .
Doing volunteer work that is an unpayed job and at the first glance boring to do , is not very attractive to young people .
They fail to see the bigger picture and are often not encouraged by parents of other respected persons to help and give some of their time .

I think that it is this lack of encouragement that causes such a low rate in volunteering activities of young people .
At the same time I am assuming that young people also do n't see or get any incentives by engaging in the community .

This problem can be solved by creating special programmes that will spark the interest of young people .
They need to be designed towards the needs and abilities of the youngsters in oder to fully work out .

The creativity of the youth needs to be addressed in possible projects or incentives .
If they can get an opportunity to present their talent , say they like to spray gaffity and get the opportunity to spray a wall legally as a trade off for helping out at a nursing home , I think they are much more likely to consider helping out in the community than they would without this incentive .

In my opinion young people would help more than they are doing now , if the job assigned and the incentives given are more suitable to their needs today .
The problems and ideas I have stated could be a start .
It 's a well spread idea that in order to achieve success in life , one has to be inventive and try to develop new things that have not been tried before .
We may call it positive thinking or proactive action as many self aid books and success stories like to put it .

Besides , the succes is usually linked to quantity and quality capacity to accumulate material stuff , and success people are frequently shown to be driving expensive cars , living in gorgeous mansions or consuming expensive products .

Much of it is actually a pure illusion .
If only somebody would count how many projects fell through in the past for one that could achieve success we would come quickly to the conclusion that taking risk is not always synonim of success .
The proof is that even when someone tries to apply a well succeded formula tested elsewhere , the result is not always the same .

Why on earth then this idea is so popular among people ?
Naturally there is a kind of uneasiness that makes human being to look for new pleasures and to avoid pain .
The problem is how to drive this want of change in the society , when millions of people try to evolve to a better situation .
The response is that creating the myth of success , more and more people will take risks in order to draw up new possibilities , which is generally good to the person who does that but also to the group in general , as this idea is put in practice to the benefit of other persons or societies .
Eventually that attitude will be positive because it will generate evolution of the group with respect to other competing groups , even if in the process a large number of entrepeneurs has heavy losses in failed projects .

Nevertheless , in order to make it work and spread into society , the estabilishment has to divert attention of the bad cases and try to get across only the successful stories .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I support my position on the following arguments :

I think that every stage in life has a special feature that makes it different .
On the one hand , young people like to travel , spend time with friends hanging out , practicing sports and doing other activities proper to their age , which is perfectly good .
It is the perfect stage of life to learn , experience and recognize the values that were transmited to us .
It is also a period in which young people could enjoy the opportunity to demonstrate their affection and love to older people , knowing that some day they will also get older and in demand of affection and attention .
In other words , it is a life period that always will be remembered , but that also has to be spent with care and responsability .

On the other hand , older people become more family oriented , traying to spend more time with their relatives and the loved ones .
It is natural , their priorities in life have changed , but it does not mean that they do not enjoy life anymore , on the contrary , they enjoy life on their own way .
Even though it is true that older people become more and more dependant from relatives and other people , it is also true that this is an efficient and human way for us to show them our appreciation for what they have done in their lifes .
This is also a great chance for them to witness the love that their relatives may show and feel .

In sum , I believe that young people as well as older people are totally able to enjoy life in their own way and considering the characteristics of both different human stages .
Thus , I do not believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
In any kind of educative , teaching , or learning institution , there are many ways in which classes ( specifically academic ) are imparted .
Many teachers like their students to understand the ideas and concepts they are learning , and other teachers like them to learn about the same things by teaching facts about it .
According to both of this ideas of learning , is it better to undersand ideas and concepts of certain topic ?
Or is it better to learn the facts about the same topic ?

I think that it is very important to learn facts about any topic you want to learn about .
Learning facts is something that will help you in the future because they are very useful .
For example , learning the facts about certain Roman leader who lost the empire will help you in the future , if you are a leader of any kind of institution , to avoid commiting the same mistakes as he did .
Another important thing about facts is that they can never be changed and that most of them are important to know about in order to understand people who are `` experts '' in the career you are applying to .
In that way , you would understand what they 're talking about if they mention any of these facts .
Finally , facts are important because they full-fill your general knowledge on many aspects ( as they say : knowledge is power ) .

In my opinion , understanding ideas and concepts about any topic is something very important in life .
Understanding ideas and concepts about anything will help you to apply these same ideas and topics in the future and make things right , thus becoming a practical person .
When you understand a concept or an idea , you do n't need to learn anymore about it because then you can use it or apply in any way you want , especially in a job or a career .
When you understand a concept , you can even explain it in many ways or in your own words ( it 's better than memorizing things ) .
If you understand an idea , then you can apply the knowledge you have about it and turn it into something practical .
For example , if you study to be a mechanical engineer , and you understand the whole concept of car motors , then you can be able to use this concept to fix motors , or to explain or teach others about motors in a simpler way than how you learned it , so that they can apply the concept in a practical way .
In this example , if you keep doing this or applying your concepts on motors , you can even become the owner of an important car company or an important workshop .

After these explanations and showing my reasoning , I think I agree with the statement that says `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
This probably sounds too rude , buy I really think it is better to be a practical person than just being a `` smartass '' , and you can achieve this by understanding ideas and concepts as a student to apply them afterwards in real life .
And who knows , maybe if you do this , in the future these ideas or concepts may help in your career or in any day life event .
This is why I completely agree with the statement expressed before .
Success attracts people in our society With the largely diffused `` success-stories '' of business men since the 1980s and the boom of the Stock Exchange Markets and the IT Economy , people are more and more attracted by starting from the zero point and getting to the highest positions of recognition .

Our world more and more globalized has showed that new ideas for improving our ways of living are welcomed and are often succesful .
The concepts from Microsoft/Apple ( make our lifes simpler with a computer ) , Ryan Air , Lidl , or Ikea ( give the capability to most of the people to buy their products by cutting prices ) seem easy to find .

Also , people who travel around the globe use their experience in order to make up an idea and implement it in their country of origin .
The example of TV programmes such as `` Big Brother '' , `` the weakest link '' or `` who wants to be a millionaire '' is particularly relevant in that case .

However , the media power is really strong and may be able to take us away from reality .
Indeed , the success of one single person is hiding the bankrupty of many others .

Loads of employed people quit their job every year in order to create their own business believing it is going to be successful .
Unfortunatly , for most of them , the balance between the risk taken and the probability of success is not equal .
Most of the `` start ups '' go bankrupt only 3 years after they started in most of the developed countries .

Consequences can be really bad .
Debts can lead many people to many more obscure issues .

It is therefore really important to measure the risk taken when a venture is taken .
That is the purpose of most of courses in Management and Business .
I am actually currently undertaking one degree related to this field and we do learn how to measure opportunities and risks on any markets .
We also learn that most our societies works as a market , where supply and demand are the key-elements .

The most famous of this market among the employment market or the ressources market is the financial market where the more you take some risk , the more probability the profit will be high .
Well , enjoying life does n't really depend upon how old we are , provided , one is interested in giving time for oneself and one 's joys .

In most of the cases , yes , it 's true that young people enjoy life better than most of the old people do .

One of the reasons why this happens is that , young people generally do n't have much of responsibilities as old people do .
A school-going or a college-going girl has only one major responsibility in life .
Thats is to study .
Apart from that , she has no tensions and worries , usually .
Whereas , old people have a lot of responsibilities .
Older people generally get busy with work and responsibilties concerned with work apart from the responsibities at home .
Elder people get to manage the family economically also .
They need to take care of every family member and their necessities .

Another important factor that refrains old people from enjoying their lives , going out and partying kind of stuff , is expense involved in these .
It would n't be a big problem for a 20 year old guy to spend $ 20 or $ 30 for a movie or spend more in a restaurant or a party .
But , old people , as they take the responsibilty of the whole family , do n't generally prefer to spend so much on a so-called `` luxury '' but will want to spend that money on some useful item for the house so that everyone is benefitted by their expense .

Another factor is enthusiasm .
Old people , usually , are n't as energetic as young people are and so they ca n't spend much time spending much energy in anything .
Whereas youth are full of energy and spend more time having fun and enjoying than old people do .

To conclude , there should be balance in anyone 's life .
People , irrespective of age or financial status should spend some time having fun and enjoying life than spending most of their lives dedicated to work .
The issue at hand is whether advertisements make products seem better than they really are or not .
This is a very important issue , because advertisements have a great influence on our every day life .

In my opinion advertisments assume products to be better than they really are .

For this I have several reasons .
The first is that I experienced how advertisements can lie in my own life .
I saw a new hair shampoo at the TV , which should make my hair more shiny and easier to form .
Because of this advertisment I went to the shop and bought the shampoo .
Maybe my hair was shinier after using the shampoo , but it was not easy to model it at all .
In reality it was even more difficult .
This is one of the examples which made me casting doubt on advertisements .
Now I always question what is shown .

Another reason is that I compare what I see in the advertisements with the things I can buy at the shops .
Through this it is obvious that the advertisments are lies .
Everything looks so colorful at the TV but in reality it is not colorful at all .
It is just like every other product you can buy in the shop , which is not advertised .

Finally , one can sometimes see how advertisements are produced .
That completely convinces one that advertisments make products seeming better than they are .
Take for example some sort of food .
When people want to advertise such products they have special strategies for it .
The most interesting is that most times the food is not real .
Advertisers just put it together with artificial materials .
So it looks better and you just want to buy it .
You will never find products in advertisments in their original way .
That is a big lie to the customers , is it not ?

To sum up , I think that advertisements make products better than they really are because of my own experience , compares between advertised products and the actual products in the shops and because of the way advertisements are produced .
Nowadays people who have broad knowlege of many academic subjects will more accepted from the society than those who only specialize in one specific subject .

First , people who master more subject tend to gain more money .
For example , a person master two language , English and German .
There are maybe most of the employees in a company only master English .
In case the company need to negotiate with a German company and needs a person who can comunicate with the German smoothly .
In this situation , the person who master German will take this job .
If he can take good use of such chance , for instance , to perform himself in good manner and susccessful finish the negotiation work , he will make good impression to his boss .
And because of the appreciation from his boss , his chance of promotion is obviously bigger than that of his coworkers .
Therefore , he is more likely to earn money than others do .

Moreover , people with broad knowledge may have a wilder selection of doing work .
For example , my major subject is marketing , if I have time , I definetely will choose another subject as second subject .
Nowadays , the competition of pursuming a job is more stressful than ever before .
If I only master the subject of marketing , I may fail to find a job easily .
But things are changed if I master another subject such like computer technik .
I can choose a job among the IT companies .
And I will surely have a bigger chance to get a job .

From what have been discussed above , it is undoubted coming to the conclusion that it is better for someone to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I do not agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
There are several reasons for thinking so .

Globally speaking , the transportation media is not changing for a long period of time .
We have cars , airplanes , bicycles , motorcycles , trains ( above an under ground ) , ships for providing different means of transport .
Cars are the vehicles that are commonly used for private transportation .
They provide people privacy during their journeys everywhere and privacy is something that man wants to have especially during transport .

Also there are other social criterias that force the usage of cars .
The first thing to mention is that it gives its owner a social state .
Owning a car means a higher standard against the ones that ca n't afford a car .
So it 's in fact a sign of wealth in most of the world .

The use of the cars is not directly related to the purpose , - transportation - there are many other factors .
One of the biggest factor is the car manufacturers .
Car manufacturing plays a big role in the macro-economy .
If the manufacturers are still making cars , then someone should be there to buy and use it .

But if the manufacturers can find a different way of gaining money , like manufacturing sci-fi vehicles that can be used instead of cars then the number of the cars that are going to be used in the future will be fewer that the amount we use today .

One other reason that we will not be able to help ourselves using cars is that there is still huge amount of resources around the world .
Most of the cars today are running with gas , and the earth still has n't run out of it yet .
Maybe in the future when the gas resources will dry and new kinds of energy will be used in different types of wehicles .

To summarize , there should be certain facts in order to predict that the usage of cars will fade out in twenty years .
But we do n't have those facts now .
I completely agree with the statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' .
Advertising is all about projecting the brand image of the product .
The idea of adversting is to improve the sales of the product .
This necessarily means attracting customers to their product .
The means to attract lies in the image they project .
So , it comes as no surprise if the advertisers make their product look the best .
When projecting the image of the project , anyone would tend to speak about the positive points .
How could they expect their product to be sold if they project the negative shade of the project ??

But the problem lies in the fact that the advertisers tend to go overboard with the qualities of their products .
Their steps in making the product desirable to the audience are appreciated , but not at the cost of the trust or belief people have in it .
The main aim is to gain advantage over the competitors product .
So , they try to grasp the negative aspects associated with the competitor 's product and project an image of their product .
This image necessarily speaks about what qualities are there in the products that their competitors do n't provide .

The Head & Shoulders advertisement comes as a reference in this regard .
It might not be as successful in removing dandruff as it projects itself to be .
Some advertisements even tend to put the health of individuals in jeopardy .
One classic example I can give in this regard is the Soft Drinks .
The recent Coke controversy serves as a classic example to this fact .
Recently , there was some evidence that coke has some unreasonable amount of pesticides in it .
When coke is projected as a healthy and safe drink , evidences to this degree act as a blot on the reputation .

But I wonder if the products would sell off if TRUE information is advertised .
Imagine the sales of H & S if it says `` Try out for yourself '' rather than projecting their good image .
Or if Coke people say '' Be careful .
This drink might be harmful to health '' .
But one thing i can be sure .
This advertising world is for people to sel their brands and they would do it at the best way possible .
Some people hold the opinion that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today while others believe it in an opposit way .
As far as I 'm concerned that I am standing for it ..

As a matter of fact , with the rapid development of the countries from all over the world , cars indeed play an extremely important role in developing a country 's economy .
However , a better understanding of the pollutions caused by the cars will be enable us to live a better life .
Therefore more and more people have come to recognize the wisdom of not driving the cars .
Instead of that , taking public transportations are valued far more than driving their own cars when they are out by some people , because it not only has brought a large number of profits and convenience to the people 's life but also leaded to less pollutions , As a result people 's life become easier and healthier .
So the attempt by the government to limit the number of cars has been very successful , after all more and more people will give consideration to the public transportation when going ouside .

In addition to that , the importance of the bikes can never be overestimated. , for it is portable and small , that is to say you can take it to anywhere if you want. , therefore more and more people are more willing to ride bikes but to drive cars while they are out .
Apart from that , the bikes wo n't cause so much traffic jam , which will make people waste a large amount of time when they are on their way to work .
Above all , the bikes are regarded as the environmently - friendly tool , which enables people to live in a clean and comfortable conditions .
So to some extent , how wildly the bikes are uesd is a strong determinent of how the environment can be protected .
And an analysis of the meaningful events in history confirms the fact that , in order to save the plannet we live on , we will make good use of the bikes instead of the cars .
Therefore , in the future there will fewer and fewer cars in use It can ce concluded from the above than I agree with this statement .
Today , specialization on a specific academic subject is a must for most of the researchers .
Where innovations need different appoaches to the problem , most of the research work carried out today requires improvements on the previous results .
Having a broad knowledge on a specific topic is not enough to improve an existing research , even to do innovations .
Instead , science makes harder to specialize where it eases to access knowledge .

Improvements and innovations in science pushes people to specialize on certain topics rather than having the broad knowledge on seperate topics .
New innovations , improvements require more and more specialization on the studied topic since the research area divides into sub-areas .
For example , the first computer was made by electronical engineers while the future improvements lead to a new academic area called `` computer science '' .
At this point , no generic improvements can made on this area , because it is already divided into several sub-areas like networking , computer vision , algorithms , etc .
These sub-areas are also dividing into sub-areas , like wireless networking , leading to the constant specialization on the certain area .

Specialization on a specific area lets researchers to concentrate on the subject that they are researching on , making unnecessary parts unavaliable .
In the early times of computers , programming and electronical engineering were closely related and most of the research is carried on by the people with the electronics background .
But with the improvements on the technology , programming and electronics begin to split up .
Today , there is still related subjects which brings computer scientists and electronical engineers together , but today for most of the people working on the electronics field , programming is not a `` must '' if they research on computers .

In today 's world , information is widely accessible with technologies used like world wide web ( www ) .
In the old times , accessing knowledge was hard because of using books , connection problems and distances between researchers from different cities or countries .
Today 's technology allows everyone to access knowledge and have it .
So this forces people to specialize on topics instead of having broad information alone .

Specialization on certain academic subjects increased the opportunity to improve previous work and innovate .
Having only the broad information is not enough for future tech .
I do not completely agree for the following reasons :

It is said that a man/woman is most productive in their younger years .
It the time when they can take the most from this world and give back the most .
This may be due to the fact that they are mentally and physically more capable than small children or grownups and also because they are more enthusiastic about life .
However , the involvement of the young in their own communities has decreased to quite an extent .
They no longer take interest in what is happenning in their communities , or for that matter their own families .
The main reasons are lack of time and concern .
People have a busy schedule these days trying to manage their personal and professional lives .
Most people are too occupied making a successfull career that they are unable to find time for their families or the society .
For some , their work and personal life have enough problems to even be concerned about their community .

Young people try and make the best out of their productive years to make a decent living and to plan for their future and the future of their families .
However , it is not true for all people .
There are still young people who are eager and willing to participate in community life and further develop it .
There are young professionals who do social work apart from their regular jobs and try and give back something to the community .
Emerging young political leaders , especially in India , are an example to other young people who are determined in doing community service .
Others work for their communities as they see it as a source of satisfaction .

What is needed is motivation and the realisation that one cannot survive long being detached from his/her community and that it requires participation and constant improvement .
Eventually , everybody needs the comfort of the society or community once they have grown old and realising this fact would encourage young people to help their communities and address the problems that they face .
In a students ' life , good learning is by studying from part to whole .
This means that a student can do better if his basic knowledge of understanding is good .
Learning facts is a part of study but one needs to deep knowledge to grasp facts and this comes by understanding ideas and concepts .

For example , a Biology student who is doing a research in the field of microrganisms can go ahead with his research only if he has the basic idea of microorganisms and their behaivour .
By only learning facts , he cannot reach a final decision .
To have his findings more a solid basis , he needs to have a strong foothold in microorganic study .

Similar factors work with students who have just joined school or the ones who are in the process of a learning new subject .
For instance , a mathematics student can do his high level arithmetic and algebra only if his lower level maths skills are developed .
Furthermore , these skills become an inherent quality when he knows how to derive at a formula .
Although learning a formula will make him work out easy problems but he will get stuck in the major issues .

In this sequence we can also come to a solution that understanding things is the key to success than merely knowing facts .
A fact may help you out in the short run .
It will not pave your path to reach your goal .
A clear understanding develops interest in students to pursue their future in an innovative field of any branch instead of working on the set patterns by their ancestors .

These criteria will also lead the world towards new technologies and sciences that are still undiscovered .
Considering all the above facts I completely disagree to the fact that it is important for the students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to lern facts .
As a response to the question `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars that there are today '' , I strongly believe that this statement holds true for numerous reasons .
Firstly , the production of cars increases annually due to the increase of demand all over the world .
Hence , the emission produced by the higher number of cars present will endanger the environement causing health problems for animals as well as human beings .
When this problem arises , countries from all over the world might decide to restrict the emission output of every country to a certain number , with the goal of controlling and therefore reducing the emission output of cars in the world .
This will lead to less cars being produced and hence , fewer cars being present on the roads in each country .

Secondly , from personal experience in Istanbul , Turkey , I have noticed that the amount of cars have increased on the roads and highways in the last three years , causing long traffic jams and more serious accidents .
As this will become more frequent in the near future , I believe that the Turkish government will take control of the situation , limiting the amount of cars sold thus reducing the number of cars used in Turkey .
In this respect , I think that every country will go about the same procedure if similiar problems arise in their country .

Another reason for supporting this statement is that the political and economic situations in many of the westernized countries have become more critical in recent years .
Germany , as an example , has difficulties in their economy as it has been declining for years causing the living standards to drop .
In a few years time , many people will not be able to affort a car .
Due to similiar problems slowly spreading over many western countries , it will also affect their economy causing people not being able to afford a car .
This will result in less cars being used in the next twenty years .

The recently increasing petrol and oil prices due to the crises in the Middle East , has lead many people in numerous countries , such as Germany , to stop using a car .
They rarther use public transport as this is a much cheaper solution for them .

In conclusion , I strongly believe that the amount of cars used in twenty years will be much less due to the above mentioned reasons .
The young generation of today is part of global world which is evolving very fast and has become very demanding for all the people who are an intergral part of it .
The life of today embraces only those things which can help people to run faster in their life to achieve their sky high ambitions .
Thus to say that the young people of today 's world do not have enough time to slow their life and take out some time for helping their community is not an overstatement .

First , the global mantra of modern world is to get the best of everything in every sphere of life to be able to become very successful .
What this results in is an inner drive in all the young people to go to the best school , best college and then get the most paying jobs .
However , this does not mean that these young people do not spend some time with other people around them and help them .
But the community service mostly done today is done to get some good voluntary work on their resume to be able to make it to best college .

Second , i feel that there is lot of pressure on these young people to perform the best .
This pressure includes both peer pressure at workplace or place of study and also social pressure in the society which does not recognize people unless they are on top of every activity .
This increased pressure has resulted in young people becoming part of only those groups which include people who have similar goals and aspirations .
As a result , these young people feel that is it waste of time by doing something like community service on regular basis that does not promte their own ambitions .

Finally , i feel that the work load of all young people has increased .
The school work hardly result in any time for these young minds to take out some time even for their parents .
The extra long working hours of the wokplace also ensure that people are out of house for most part of day all week .
My example is most suited for such situation cause I spend atleast fifteen hours daily for six days in week at my job place and there are times when i do not get a chance to even talk to my parents for weeks in row .
The one off hoilday here and there is spent by me with my friends .
Thus very little time remains with me to be able to do some help to other people .

However , there are still certain examples today of people who have left colleges and their well paying jobs to start some venture to help their community , The example of a famour NRI is inspiration for all who left his multi million dollars job to start micro finance project in rural India which has become the first and biggest organisation of such kind .
There are other examples too where young college students have gone to rural areas to teach the farmers and help them to manage their business .
These students have formed a NGO in Delhi which has affiliation from more than 10,000 students all over India and are involved in giving reaching classes in 35 villages in 5 states in India .

In conclusion , i feel that the youth of today is too engrossed in his own life and thus find difficult to do anything for the people around him .
Not to mention , that there are people who are able to manage this so called busy schedule of theirs and realise that helping others is the biggest virtue of human beings , These people perform the dual role of achieving their ambitions and also helping some people round them in whatever way they want can .
I totally agree with the statement .

Because first of all , as a very practical example , understanding ideas and concepts requires active participation of students .
In order to understand an idea or concept student would have to think on that idea or concept .
Without his thinking and using his previous knowledge related with a subject he can never comprehend meaning of an idea or a concept .
Naturally when student becomes active and can link ideas and concepts and can see the bigger picture in his or her mind he or she would understand the ideas and concepts and will be able to use them in future .

However in the case of learning facts student may memorize the facts and may think that he or she learned the fact .
Nevertheless , since without having understanding of general concept he or she can only remember this fact or piece of information in short period without being able to use it in real life and in future .
I mean a student can not use facts without knowing ideas and concepts that this fact is related to .

I would like to give the example of learning law .
In the field of law we can think rules as facts .
People thinks that lawyers know all rules implemented in a country .
Of course they know the basic rules in the country , however what they know in fact is general understanding of the law system of a country and relation of concepts in legal system together with knowledge of ideas behind that formed an improved the system .

By knowing these a lawyer can find the rules he or she is looking for easily and can understand the correlation among them .
Without knowing concepts he or she can not even find the rules he is needs among thousands of rules .
Thus the key is knowing the concepts and the ideas .
By knowing these a lawyer can produce solutions .
However by only knowing the fact meaning rules he can not solve any problem
`` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' .
Or is it ?

To answer this question , first and foremost , one needs to consider the purpose of the academic pursuit that an individual is following .
Whether or not that individual should specialize in his/her line of academics , remains dependent on what the individual plans to do beyond the academics and is not limited to the course of studies only .
Considering the cut-throat competition we face in our everyday lives and in one of its subsets , our careers , `` horses for courses '' is the solution here .

To have a better understanding on the issue , lets take the case of a woman , who is studying Medicinal Chemistry and plans to be a researcher .
In her line of work , to have any kind of success , she 'd need to specialize .
For example , it would do her career a lot of good if she were to focus her research on development of Oncology drugs / anti-retroviral drugs , than merely synthesizing molecules for generic use .
In terms of position , respect , money and career growth , she 'd be better placed when specialized than when she 's not .
Correspondingly , lets take the case of a man who is studying to be a Social Entrepreneur .
In his line of work , issues of business management , information exchange , community development , field research etc are commonly addressed to solve socio-economic problems .
Hypothetically speaking , if his business is of distribution of Oncology / anti-retroviral drugs , then he 'd need to know generically about those too .
It will do his business and his credentials a world of good if he has both theoretical and practical knowledge of these issues on a broad basis , which impact the performance of his business .

Thus , the debate on whether specialization in academics is better or generalization , rests at the doorstep of the purpose of the academic pursuit .
Community service is one of the important aspects in which young people have to take part .
I believe that young people nowadays have the intension to help their community but they do not give enough time to do that .
There might be many factors impeding their involvement in helping the community .
Young people are known to be the enthusiastic and creative of all ages .
This enthusiasm , creativity , energy can in fact be used to help their community .

Firstly , the younger generations are mostly students .
They are busy most of the time with their academic stuff like college , school , friends .
They hardly get time to think of helping their community .
In case if they are having any thought of helping the community , that thought is being masked by the others which he would love or prefer to do .
For example , a young boy might be willing to help uneducated children by spending his weekend teaching them the basic concepts .
But his friends may bring a proposal of going to a picnic the same time .
It is the general tendency of young people to prefer the latter to the former .

There are many ways in which young people can be involved in helping the community .
For example , students of medicinal back groung can help create general awareness among their community regarding the diseases and the preventive measures that can be taken to avoid the same .
This will be an immense help .
They might face problems in getting the time for such things but they can somehow manage things to do the same like forming a group and taking turns in doing the same .

Younger people who are students or usually freshers who have started their job career generally try to concentrate on career aspects which demand more time like studying or working hard for their job .
This eventually leaves them very less time to help a community .
They prefer to relax in the available time rather than helping their community .
Motivation of younger people to involve in suck service is lacking these days .
So , the young people 's involvement to help their community is highly dependent on the time which they can take aside for such service excluding their essential activities .
Advertisements are made for the sole purpose of increasing customer purchase .
The goal of advertisement itself makes it inevitable for advertisements to make products seem better than they really are .

In an memoir by a former copy writer Augusten Burroghs , the author looks back on his experience in the advertisement field and describes how he felt disgusted when he was forced to create a fake image around a product .
He was assigned to make an advertisement for a shampoo .
His copy told people that the shampoo will give your hair full body and make it look like silk .
The truth was , consumers in the sample group complained that the shampoo smelled like bubble gum and made their hair greasy .
In this case , the advertisement was clearly portraying a false feature of the product .

Another method that advertisers use to make products seem better is artificially creating images around the product .
An example is an Budwiser advertisement .
The advertisement displayed images of young women and men in their twenties , holding a bottle of beer in their hands and dancing , looking as if they were having the best time of their lives .
All the women and men in the advertisement were gorgeous and were portraryed as if they had no worries at all .
This advertisement connects the euphoric image of youth with a bottle of beer .
Research does show that alcohol generally elevates mood slightly .
However , there are serious side affects of drinking alcohol that are not portrayed in this advertisement .
For example , severe drinking is not good for your health and in some cases , may even jepordize your life .
Also , drinking may lead to judgement impairment and many drunk people make mistates which they would have not made if they were in a more conscious state .
The problem with this advertisement is that it is not portraying any of these negative consequences of drinking .

As consumers , we should be critical about the advertisements that we see .
The purpose of advertisements is to persuade us to buy products and persuasion works by only showing the positive aspects of a product which may even be fake in some cases .
It is critical to consider the negative aspects of the product that the advertisements are not showing us .
By doing so , consumer will be able to make better purchase decisions .
Being succesful person is the dream of nearly everyone .
Since we have started going to school , our family and our teachers advise us to be successful people and they show us many different tecniques for being successful .
I believe that being succesful can not be done with the tecniques that people show us .
I agree wit the idea that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .
Just as stared above , for me being succesful means being innovative person .

I believe repeating something that has already done does not make people successful .
But of course for being a successful person should know what people have done before .
For example a sociologist already know what other theorists have said .
So it is so easy for a sociologist to repeat what other teorist have said in his article .
But I think this is not a success .
Successful people should bring new ideas and even sometimes should take risks and challenge the existing ideas .
Without challenging existing ideas or bringing new perspectives a sociologist can not be a successful person .

When we look at the history we see many names who originatd new ideas .
But nobody knows the other names , only their names are known .
It is obvious that , trying new ideas always take some risks but do you think , we would be familiar with the Einstein if he did not take that risk ?
Of course no , Einstein was perceived as a crazy man when he originated his famous theory but the time showed that he was right and time proved that he was a genious .
Of course he faced with many difficulties because of trying new ideas and if he only applied the things that he already knew , nobody would remember his name today .

It is obvious that making the things that you know very well is the easiest way .
you can be happy by doing that , you can also be rich and famous for a short time however , this does not make you successful .
The key of being successful is producing new ideas .
Which is the objective of advertising a product ?
It is not to give the consumer a reason to buy that product ?
If your answer to this quatino was yes you will agree to think that is a good behavior to show products much better than they really are .
Now there are some rules on this that we are going to discuss as well .

In real life there are plenty of examples that shows us not just that this practice is really common , but that is a legimit way of positioning a product into the market of today .
If you think about the tv advertisements of the McDonald burgers for example you will see enormous burgers with a lot of things inside and juicy meats .
When you go to the restaurant and ask for that same burger you dont see it the same , right ?
You think they are cheating you because is not the same thing they advertise .
The answer is no , there is no cheating on that scenario .
Even they are showing something that may be different form the real product , the basics of the product are still the same .
The things that you think are changing like size , colors , etc. it is just an ilution , a camera effect that affect the image presented on the screen , but not affect the product .
Here we just see one of the rules that i was sepaking of .
If the advertisement does not change the basics of a product , you can play with the way you present it to the consumers .

Another great example is when a guy that is using a certain perfume is surrounded by beautifull women .
The product that it 's being advertised is the perfume itself , not the situation , or the fact that if you use that perfume you will be surrounded by beautifull women .
This is showing another rule for advertisement .
In this case we are not changing anything in the product but we are creating an image of the kind of persn that will use that product and there is nothing wrong on that .

Having explained that .
I will conclude that it is a valid thing to advertise products much better than they really are .
This is one of the ways companies position their products into the market and introduce them to the costumers .
They use this kind of techniques to create some advantages about similar products that are present in the market .
I do agree with the statement that it 's better to understand concept than to learn facts .
Infact I think that it is n't important to learn event , try to remember them without comprehend them , what you learn has not to be a mixture of information but you need to know causes and explanations of them .

For example I can report my personal experience : when I studied at the high school I did n't go on very well with my history teacher because we had differen opinions about this same topic .
She believed that students must know everithing happened in the past , battles , important people 's lives , dates etc .
On the countrary I thought , and I still think , that it is not so important to learn so many informations , I 'm interested in causes , in important events , not in details : I believe that if you focus too much on details you will lost the main ideas .

It is also important to say that it 's hard to remember facts while it 's easier to remember idea and concepts which are related with themselves and wich have particular causes and effects .
Some yeas ago I took a course about technique of memory and I learned that to remember something you need to relate it with some other thing .
In my experience at school I had the opportunity to verify that it was a true statement !

I also think that ideas and conceps can be more utile in life than the kowledge of a particular fact , it is rare that you will need to know a particular fact in the future .

What is important to say is that when you understand concepts you understand also a way of thinking , of providing argument to support a thesis .
To understand ideas and a way of thinking is much more important than knowing three millions informations or events : you wo n't need to know informations or events if you ca n't relate them .
Fewer cars in twenty years ?
really sounds as if we are asked that will we have to leave our daily necessity ?
today cars have become a necessity of not only a rich person but also for the one who is just earning a hand full of money .
cars have really made are life comfortable and easy going ?
and we really ca n't think our life without them .
i dont think there will be fewer cars after twenty years .
today the man is progressing at such a fast pace that will only lead us to developing more and more cars with new technology .

The technology has made such an advancment that within months we have cars with a new and incredible functioning .
today we have automatic cars , with superb engine and their speed is somewhat we cant even think of driving at .
The new inventions being made on cars does not even limit us with the fuel that we utilize in driving the car .
today we have made cars that run even without fuel .

that either run on some gas or any other burning substance .
Further i believe making , buying and selling of cars is a bussiness that is really flourishing today .
we have so many racing cars these days that are so expensive and there is no shortage of costumers who buy these cars .
people invests a lot in car racing games that take place round the globe .
and after the race these cars are put to sale .

furtheron , i believe that today the economy is increasing at such a fast pace that there is no shortage of money , that people cannot buy a car .
even a normal financially stable familly today have two to three cars .
They are also a symbol of luxury for many people .
with the increasing population every second the demand and supply of cars are also increasing .

the new inventions and new facilities in a car like air condition , music system cars and big cars like limozine which are like a home in itself , are becoming more and more comfortable and easy going .
so i think that there will be more cars in twenty years than they are today .
Johnson & Johnson , a successful organization with lots of patented formulas is inventing still more combinations everyday .
Some of the projects are a big success and some find the way in trashcans .
I believe successful people try different things and involve in a lots of risk than just running behind what they have already achieved .

Life is a series of good and unfavorable things .
No one can stop trying just because it has risk involved in it .
When individuals endavor a task with lots of deligence some times they make it beyond axpected and some time fail .
When people stand up to their life and give everythings they are more likely to become successful .

Successful people have the greed for success .
They willput numerous efforts and try out different methods to make the things happen .
Once someone becomes successful they also go through undetermined pressure to keep their work and give something extra to the community .
Brad Pitti is a successful filmstar but he just can not stop at action movies such as `` Ocean Eleven '' he felt the need to show his art and success by proving his performance in `` Babble '' ( A kind of offshore and intense film ) .

Though people are successful they try to jump further high and take risk and become more successful .
Astronauts have reached on moon but they di not stop there they invented the satelites which can remain in the vicinity and be usefull for ages .

`` Newton '' successfully established his first law but he continued his contribution and work to the community by establishing two more laws of totally different phenomenons .
Success is an addiction .
In stock excahnge market people often engaged in different short term and long term baits and investments .
Once they are successful in one bait they explore the market more and tempted to take more risk for more monetary benifits .

Also when you get success to tend to think more positive about youself and try out many more things which would prove beneficial .
Risk is imporatnt part of every task .
Evene if we start walking on road there is a risk of accident but world simply doesnt stop because life has risk of death .

Moral of the story is successful people try out different trial and errors for the sake of maintaning their success , and sometimes also to offer something new to the community .
In my opinion , it is better to have specialization in one specific subject rather than having a broader knowledge of many academic subject .
I believe that a person should be a specialist rather than generalist .
There 's an old saying , `` Jack of all trades master of none . ''

Firstly , a person should not waste his time and money in acquiring knowledge which he wo n't require or use it in future .
A person should not devote his time in learning unnecessary subjects which he wo n't even imply in his specialization like Literature and Mathematics are two different fields .
None of the things are common between them .
Also , a mathematics student would waste his time and energy in learning literature whereas he could use this time to do reserach in his prefered subject .
This implies vice versa too .
There is no practical implementation of Mathematics in Literature .
We should avoid our time and energy spent on learning unnecessary subject .

Secondly , all the renowned people whether it is from literature or history or science are the people who have specialized in one subject .
They are not the people who have studied everything .
Infact , they are the people who have devoted all their life in specializing a subject .
They work day and night on their subject to come to certain conclusions which become the basis of our lives .
Moreover there are lot of prizes and recognition for the people who have specialized in one subject .
There is no such recognition for the people who know lot of subjects and are masters of none .
There is wealth , fame and recognition for the people who have dedicated their lives to specialize and reserach in their particular field .
These are the people who are highly appreciated and respected in our society .

Thirdly , most of the profession in today 's world requires a specialist .
We have software programmers , scientist , engineers and etc .
They all are the people who have mastered their field which is based on one subject .
This shows that a specialist can survive in any conditions .
He will always have jobs for earning his livelihood .
He will alway have a preference over others .

Lastly , I will like to conclude that the greatest problem solver in any field are the ones who are specialist in their subject , not the one who know everything .
Advertisements play really an important role in nowadays life .
The world of industry is affected mostly by the need of selling more and more products , to find always new markets , and to designe new kind of products able to meet people 's different needs .

This is the role of advertisement : to make a product suitable for people who are looking at the advertisement ( on the TV or on cities ' walls ) .
Therefore , aiming at creating the customer 's interest in a certain product , advertisement needs to design the product as really interesting , really useful and precious for the life of whoever uses it .

In most cases advertisement describes the product in a better way than it is in reality , both in aspect ( as more beautiful , more colorful , more tasteful and so forth ) and in effective use ( for example as absolutely necessary for a particular activity ) .

Althought this behavior is quite commonly accepted , it should be noted that it is absolutely wrong and honestless .
Actually the advertisement , that is so important in the framework of industries ' activities , results in a behavior against the customers , who are bombarded by a great number of this advertisement and who are not aware of its effects .

Many associations protecting the rights of the customers have recently pointed out that the frequently presence of the advertisement on the TV ( during movies , programs and even during the news ) provocks a sort of unconscious compulsion of buying the product advertised in the people who are watching at it .

This causes many questions on whether it is deontologic to make such a use of advertisement when the effects of this are known or whether the presence of advertisement , specially on TV ( that is the most influencial mass media ) , needs to be regulated in order to eliminate or decrease the risks .

In Italy we have a kind of regulation that demands advertisement to be as honest as possible in recdalimng the products
In life there are many events that people do to enoy themselves .
Some people go to vacations while some without that much money could go to theme parks and ride on roller coasters .
To me , I think young people do actually enjoy life more than older people do because they have the energy that could be used to enjoy life better .
Young people would go to places like amusement parks , watch a movie with friends , hang out with friends and much more while older people mostly stay home .
Young people tend to go out more to have a good time with their friends .

When young people go to amusement parks , they have a great time .
Many go on the roller coasters and have a nice time screaming their lungs out or they go and ride on the regular rides like the carousel .
But to older people , roller coasters are very scary and sometimes caused them to have nausea .
Older people would shy away from the amusement park at much as they could .
At one time , my aunt came with me , her son and daughter to the amusement park .
Her son and I went to ride on the roller coaster while my aunt and her daughter just sat there and waited for us .
She did not have much fun .
We asked her to go on the slower rides like the carousel with us but she refused so , we just gave up on her and went on some more rides at the amusement park .
At the end of the day , my aunt 's son and I enjoyed the amusement park more than my aunt and her daughter .

To a young person , going to watch a movie with friends is a very enjoyable hobby .
When watching with friends , they could laugh together about funny science in the movie and cry together when there was a sad scene .
But to an older person , they seldomly go to movies .
Like my parents , they do not go to movies .
I remembered when my sister , me and my mother when to the movies , she got bored and fell asleep .
She did not enjoy the movie and just slept through it .
My and my sister was kind of depressed because she slept through the movie .

Young people enjoy more in parties than older people .
Young people in parties could dance , eat , socialize , and have more fun than older people .
Older people could dance , eat , and socialize but they would not enjoy as much because they do not have as much energy .
At a party at my friend 's house , we had lots of fun .
We ate , watched television , sang karaoke , and danced .
Some of the people danced and sang very funny so , we laughed really hard and had a great time .
We spent almost all of out energy and enjoyed every bit of it .
In an adult party , the part that was most fun was eating food .
There were not many entertainment and most of the adults just stood in their own corner and socialized .

Young people do have more fun and enjoy themselves than older people .
Most of the older people would get away from all the places the young people tend to like .
The older people would want to mostly stay home and relax while the young people would go outside and have a great time with their friends .
They do not have as much energy as the young people to enjoy life like us .
I agree with the statement young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Young people of this modern world do not care about the communities around them and being a human being it is our prime responsibility to help the communities .

As man is a social animal he tries to live in a society and mingle with the rules in a society .
The young people nowadays have changed a lot due to the freedom given to them and independence to do any thing they wish to do , the young people are least bothered about their communities .
instead of helping the communities when they are free they go out and have parties with friends .

The young people are given the financial freedom by their parents to such an extent that they even never bother about their parents as well as communities either .
Moreover all the youngsters are not alike , some people are busy in their studies and jobs and they do not have much time even in spending with their family and also with their communities either .
so they will be unable to give enough time for their communities .

The young people nowadays do not try to take any responsibilities which they think are not necessary .
The young people more often think that it is not necessary for them to help their communities and go out and enjoy with their friends when ever they have some free time .

Nowadays the young people are interested more in refreshments they are required from their daily routine work and get relieved from their responsibilities instead of helping their communities .
In contrast some of the young people inspite of their busy schedule find some time to help the communities and they fell that helping their communities brings a change in their routine work .
This is the case of few people who still fell their moral responsibility of helping , where as most of the young people nowadays fell no responsibility about their communities .
some of the young people are only concerned with their job and their family and nothing else .
So young people must soma have find time to help their communities .
I agree with the statement
a stratege of promoting products
a way of attracting customers from existing market

As we are in the twenty-first century , we are facing more challenge in promoting our products to occupy the market than before , more especially the new products .
Therefore , manufacturers as well as retailers must find an efficient way to sell the products .
Advertisement is the very important way to introduct the products to the market .

There is a marketing department in every successful company to promote the products or services to existing customers as well as potential ones .
Take cell phone company as an example , in US , we have Verizon , T-mobile , Singular etc .
Thus , their advertisements are really play critical roles in attracting more customers .
So there are famous sentences such as : `` raising the bar '' , `` the best network follows you '' or `` get more minutes '' and so on .
Cellphones serve the function of our communication , so I think those advertisements do not describe the real functions of their products , in other words , it is a kind of exaggerating .

We have more products to compare and to choose in the limited market .
I still take cellphone as an example , we can not use more than one cellphone in our life .
We make our choice according to the advertisements of those cellphone companies or the recommendation of our friends .
I signed my contract with Verizon simply because they advertised their family plan .
As a matter of fact , the `` best network follows you '' sometimes did not work out in my situation .
In certain area or in the moving car , I experienced bad signal problem .

To sum up , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are in order to survive in the competitive society .
As a consumer , we should protect ourselves by purchasing rationally .
I disagree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one .
All of us have heard of the quote `` Jack of all trades , Master of none '' .
I think I would like to be the master of atleast one subject .

I believe that unless one has detailed or specialized information regarding a subject , it is difficult to speak challengingly on that subject .
To quote myself as an example , I have a broad knowledge of seven languages .
I speak English at college , Telugu at home which an Indian regional language and have learnt a smattering of French , German , Hindi ( India 's national language ) , Spanish and Italian .
But , I am handicapped when I have to converse in atleast five of the seven languages I learnt which does n't serve the purpose of learning .

I also believe that specialization is required in most fields .
Some of those fields being engineering , medicine and law .
When you have a toothache , you would visit a dentist rather than a general practicioner .
A similar logic would drive you to a cardiologist when you have a heart attack and to an opthamologist when one has a problem with one 's eyes .
Hence , it can be seen that in the above cases , a person with broad knowledge of the ailments would serve no purpose as one requires specialists .

Another area where I want to illustrate the use of specialists is engineering .
Civil engineers are required for building bridges and computer engineers are required to work on computers .
A non-specialized engineer would simply do a bad job or a blotched job .
We could also consider the field of law as an example .
We approach criminal lawyers for fighting our cases in case of crimes such as murder , extortion or kidnapping but we would approach a consumer court lawyer for problems such as adulterated food .
Thus , we infact need specialists all the time and in all walks of life !

Another advantage of being a specialist is that people look up to your opinions much more than if you were un-specialized .
We would much rather believe a person who has obtained his doctor of philosophy degree in a particular subject rather than an undergraduate student .
Hence , i believe a broad knowlegde of several subjects does n't really serve many purposes .
Infact , it might even be dangerous .
Have n't we all heard of the saying `` Half-knowledge is dangerous '' ??
An intern might suggest a wrong course of treatment to a patient which could have a fatal affect .
Such affects are not limited to medicine alone .
Thus , i believe in specialization and aim for that kind of approach in all my endeavours .
Certain people believe that young people enjoy life more that older people do .
On the other hand some people disagree with the idea of young people enjoying life more than older people do .
In my personal opition , I strongly agree with the fact that younger people have relatively more time to enjoy life than old people do for several reasons according to the amount of responsibility , energy and time .

One of the major reasons why younger people enjoy life more than older poeple do is closely related to the amount of responsibilities that older people and younger people have .
In my opinion , getting older means receiving more responsibility .
Based on my personal experience , as a high school student , I used to play games , meet friends , and did not worry that much on my future .
However , as I grow older , I started to feel pressure , get responsibility and worry about my future which I have to prepare from now on .
As a result , I strongly agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more that older people do .

Another main reason that young people enjoy life more than older people is based on the amount of energy that young people and old people can spend and enjoy .
For example , based on my personal experience , I used to eager to travel and visit foreign contries when I was young .
However , as a grow older and I receive more responsibility , I started to get lazy about enjoying life .
In addition , I put the studying primary than enjoying my life .
It is the reason why most parents sacrify their enjoy for their children because they have the responsibility of being parents .

Last but not least , another huge reason that young people enjoy life more that older people is closely connected with the amount of time that young people and older people contain .
As I stated above , as people grow older , more responsibilities they get .
Therefore , older people will have less time to enjoy their leisure time .

Based on the amount of responsibility , energy and time , I strongly agree with the fact that young people enjoy life more that older people do .
Therefore , I would recommend young people to enjoy their life before they grow older .
Nowadays , there are so many ways to transport from one place to another .
There 's the airplane , the train , the subway , the bus , the car and etc .
And still , people are thinking up new ideas for transportation .
As more and more methods for getting around are created , maybe the old methods , like cars , will sooner or later decrease .
Well , it could happen .

An example of my family might as well give you a view of what I 'm trying to explain .
One day , my family and I were going to go downtown .
After thinking about all situations , my parents decided to take the car and my sisters and I decided to try the subway that was made recently .
Later on , my sisters and I had to wait 30 minutes until our parents arrived !
The subway was way faster than the car and they had used 60,000 won to feed fuel to the car .
They indeed regretted their decision .

As you can see , science and technology has made a big effort in inventing different ways of transporting .
In my region , Dae-jeon , for example , recently subways have been made in order to tranport throughout the rather large city .
Many people are using this transportation method and are pleased with the convenience and speed compared to the buses or cars .
Also people use the subways because it 's more cheaper .
Nowadays , in my country Korea , the gasoline cost has risen so high that having a car means paying almost 15 , 0000 won per month .
Not to mention the other costs that you need to pay while maintaining a car .

Therefore about twenty years later there will be fewer cars in use than there are these days .
As the era develops rapidly , people prefer the faster and more convenient methods .
And cars do n't fit with these factors that well .
The statement in the title points out an important issue in education : is it more urgent to memorize information or to develop transversal capabilities ?

Of course students need to learn facts .
How could I understand the history of my country without knowing what has happened in the last centuries ?
Further , if we did n't study the biographic facts of an author , then we would lose important information that might have been useful in order to get the meaning of his poetry .
In my experience , it is useful to know and display some knowledge also when I have to support an opinion , since my ideas become more concrete and persuasive .

Considering these advantages , traditional school used to stress the mnemonic side of learning , creating well prepared students .
On the other hand , these students could be a bit rigid .
For instance , my Italian teacher at highschool did n't accept any alternative way of presenting the contents and she expected us to memorize pages and pages , without asking for any critical development .
The result is that I forgot the most part of the literature I studied in those year , which is a real shame !

While traditional school used to put too much emphasis on learning facts , modern teachers , on the contrary , try to focus on concepts rather than on mere facts .
A deep understanding of the key ideas of an author , for instance , implies a double advantage .
On one hand it is easier to remember something that you have thought about : my English teacher , for instance , used to ask for our opinions regarding an author 's ideas and she even tried to make sense of phrasal verbs , in order to let us memorize them !
On the other hand , when you become familiar with ideas and concepts , you are likely to improve your capability of thinking with your mind .

Since in my opinion this is the first aim of school , far beyond a mere transmission of contents that could be forgotten very easily , I agree with the statement in the title .
Nowadays , old people blame young people of not helping their communities for enough time .
They accuse young people of being more personal than being a part of the community .
If you just look at time spent on community , they seem to be right .
On the contrary , If you examine the conditions , they are not .

Today , It is very hard for a young person , to have spare time .
Because working hours and conditions are worse than older times .
They have to work hard to have a job .
If you are not a devoted worker , it is possible to lose yoru job .
In addition , finding another job is much harder today .
A young person who may have the opportunity to help his community is probably a well-educated , economically secure .
Nowadays , people in same conditions as menioned above are numerous .
This gives the opportunity to the employer that if he/she fires someone because of not staying overtime , he/she will find a new employee in short time .
In the past , qualified workers were rare , because of war and epidemics .

Also , it does not make any difference , even if you spend much of your time in helping communities , your efforts are negligible compared to the need .
Communities are getting larger and more people need these time and money .
Older people look at the number of people who needs help and they claims that young people do not help them .
I tink this is not fair .

Government and local authorities should help communities , not individuals .
Today big money is required for fulfilling these needs .
Older people may make larger donations and professionals may do the job accurately and effectively .

So , it is not fair to say that young people do not use their spare time in helping their communities .
It is the conditions that prevents them from it .
Young people do not have enough time or money .
Older people should get involved in the subject and help their communities .
If they are unable , than government and local authorities should do the job .
Please , do not make young peoples life harder .
I really agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Advertising emphasizes the qualities of a product , or simply change it .
Few cases exist of a product being advertised as the worst one in order to be sold

Emphasizing the qualities of a product is the natural way people working in the advertising industry use to sell their products .
This is based on the assumption that the better the product appears , the most likely people are be to buy it .
Imagine that an advertisement shows a car which is just the reflect of the reality , that is to say , going to the car repair after breakdown , buying expensive gas to make it run : people would not buy it as the disadvantages of having car would be too important .

That is why advertisements insist on the mechanical performances of cars such as the acceleration rate or the low consumption , which are positive value for people , but highly biased .
In general the reality is far lower than the advertisememt .
The advertised car is being driven in an ideal world in straigth line with no traffic jams .
That is so surprising when you are finally aware of the real consumption rate in our today 's life .

Adverstisements can also tells false arguments in order to give the product a defined image that fits people 's needs .
It sells qualities that are not the ones of the product .
For example fast-food restaurant advertise on the nutritional qualities of their products althougth this kind of food is recognized to contain high rates of grease and sugar .

So in general this is sure that most advertisements improve the product itself because this is the aim of advertisements .
I know one case of a product being sold as the worst one : this is called `` ugly fruits '' which are fruits with no standardized shapes like those we find in supermarkets .
They do not look good .
But even behind this there is a positive and emphasized message : uglier the fruits are , the more natural and healthier , even if those fruits have no more nitrituinal virtues .
Even ugliness could make seem product better .
The important of education is emphasized and re-emphasized in our world of 21st century .
As technology develops and histroy gets longer , we are exposed to more things to learn .
Given this fact , is it better to specialize in one specific subject or have a broad knowledge on many academic subjects ?
People 's opinions may vary on this controversial issue , but I believe it is better to specialize in one specific subject .

Generally , people go through 12 to 13 years of education in secondary schools and have another 2 to 4 years of education in college .
As college students , we major in a specific subject such as Interior Design , Psychology or Hotel Management .
Why do we major in only one or two subjects ?
It is because we are unable to learn vast amount of information on varying academic subjects .

People say that we learn from the past .
Let 's look at Sumer , one of the earliest civilization in Mesopotamia between Tigris and Euphrates Rivers .
About 9000 years ago , the period called the `` Neolithic Age '' began in this civilization .
As nomadic people who depended on hunting and gathering for their survival settled to a permant place and started agriculture , their civilization boomed .
Population dramatically increased and their civilization further enhanced .
It was about this time when what is called , `` the specialization of labor '' began .
This means that each people had a job and a role in their society .
Some people concentrated on farming while others made potteries and others carried out religious rituals .
Because no individual could make a living producing all the food , clothings and habitats oneself , the civilization practiced specialization of labor .
Like what our ancestors long before showed , I think each individual should specialize in one subject now a day .
This will further develop our civilization and benefit us as it is more effective than everyone studying the same subjects at a limited level .

Let 's compare our field of education to that of the universe .
If an astronaut makes his way out of our galaxy who 's never done in the past , he 's drawn a significant line in the history of human beings and the universe .
However if the same astronaut visits the moon which has been already executed by many other astronauts , he will just remain as one of the great astronauts .
The same concept goes to education .
If we explore all the areas of academic subjects at a limited level , there will be no development in human beings ' knowledge , but just a repetition of what others have done .
However if we specialize in one specific subject , our knowledge to that specific area will expand .

In conclusion , because noone is able to learn all of the existing subjects at a sophisticated level , I believe it is better to specialize in a specific subject .
This specialization of learning may limit some people to that area of study only , but it is much more efficient and beneficial to human beings as we can develop our knowledge and contribute our learnings to the human beings and our world .
In my opinion , the term ` enjoyement ' is very subjective .
It is a state of mind which may be experienced both by the young and the aged .
To the youth , ` enjoyment ' could refer to socialising with their friends , partying , watching movies , adventure sports such as scuba diving .
Whereas , to an old couple , enjoyment couls imply relaxing at home , spending time with family , taking vacations or simply spending time at an aromatherapy spa .
So to take a stand on which age group ` enjoys ' life more is rather difficult .
However , if we define ` enjoyment ' as the feeling of experiencing the ` high ' of life , of taking full advantages of all the opportunities available to us today , then I believe , it is the youth which has more of an advantage .

The most important advantage that the younger people have is their health .
Not to say that older people are always sick , younger people tend to be fitter , healthier and more energetic so as to be able to avail of more pleasures of life .
Lets take for instance the example of scuba diving or trecking .
It is most likely that a yound person would be much fitter to enjoy such activities .
There are many cases where older people are not even allowed to participate in activites on account of risk of heart failure , unfavorable atmospheric conditions ( para gliding ) etc .
However , many old people are fit to underatke these risks , they are generally advised not to .

Moreover , the youth has a zest for life which is not very often seen in the older generation .
This is not to say that the aged dont appreciate life , it is just that the youth has more to look forward to than the elderly .
What is unknown , always entices .
To elaborate , the young look forward to all the things that are in store for them for e.g graduating , going to college , taking vacations with their friends , travelling the world .
While on the other hand , the aged have alreday been through the various stages of life and are not particularly excited about the future .
Infact most of them are more involved in the lives and problems of their children who are busy ` enjoying ' life .

As one grows older , the weight on responsibility on ones shoulder increases .
It is not possible for older people to take the same kind of risks the youth can take , may it be health-related , family related of even financial .
Let us consider the case of a graduate student and an old man who has a family of five .
The student is more likely to splurge his money on enjomnet activities such as partying , membership os sports clubs , travelling than a man who needs to save his money in order to support his family .
Thus it leads us to the conclusion that , younger people have fewer financial restraints than older who need to support their families

To conclude , it can be reiterated that ` enjoyment ' is an highly subjective term and may mean different things to different age groups .
Though our strict definition of ` enjoyment ' does bring to light the facts that younger people ahve more time , money and energy to spend on enjoyment activities , the argument is in now way insulated from exceptions .
Exceptions are always there is every walk of life and so there might always older people who ` enjoy ' life more than the youth .
I agree to the statement that nowadays young people do not give enough time to help their communities .
There are various reasons for this .

First and foremost , the cut-throat compitition prevailing in the market forces the young generation to devote most of their time developing their own career and they are left with no time to concentrate on helping out their communities .

In addition to it , with the development of technology , there has been a numerous number of distractions that have cropped up in the market which , many a time , astrays the young blood to an undesirable path taking them away from what they ought to do .

But why , do we think , has this chage been seen in the new generation .
Are they at fault ?
Well , from my point of view , I think the system , which we term as ` society ' has led to this downfall .
Young people are not made aware of the importance of the cultural ethics and its in-grown values .
They are not subjected to the happiness and have not felt the tranquilty that one enjoys helping their community .

Young bloods are supposed to the part of the society which has always brought revolutions .
They are the one who have given birth to a new systems of governance by eradicating the ailing societies .
They are the most enthusiastic crowd who has the zeal to turn the society the way it want to .
But if they are not able to bring about changes or help thier communities , it is not solely their fault .
We need to re-think if we are concluding this decision .

Now it is high time to rejig the way , the thinking of the society has become .
If the young people are not able to extract time for helping their communities we need to find the answer to a very relevant question .
And the question is -- ` why ? '
.
Why are they not able to do it ?
Is the light of community work fading ?
Are they not able to find value in performing this job ?

If day we have these answers and the moment they start getting implemented , I think , my point of view will change .
The question of whether it is better to have little knowledge in lots of subjects , or to have lots of knowledge in a specific subject , has been a theme of discussions for many years , specially for students .
I personally agree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' , but only up to a certain point .

If a person has broad knowledge of many subjects , he will be able to talk to other people about this subjects and develope a conversation about the topic .
If the person has knowledge in only one subject , he will only be able to develop conversations about that specific subject , therefore there will be less people he will be able to talk to .
Also , a person with a broad knowledge in many subject can be seen as a better overall prepared and informed person .
He could be able to understand news , for instance , better than a person who does n't know what 's being talked about because it 's not his subject .

On the other hand , specialized knowledge has its advantages .
In a job interview for a specific carreer , for example , the person with more knowledge in the area will definetely be chosen over the person with less knowledge in the area and more overall knowledge .
Thus the specialized knowledge guy can make a better living .
Also with more knowlegde on a specific subject you can discuss the subject with another person in , just about , all possible details .

As we can see , both statements have their pros and contras .
My personal opinion and recomendation to anyone is to have both : a broad knowledge in many subjects and lots of knowledge in a specific one .
If so , you can defend yourself in any subject and be the best you can be in a particular one .
That 's also why I agree with the school systems that teach broad knowledge in many subjects up to a certain point of maturity , or level reached , and then let one decide in what subject one wants to specialize .
I think it is the best way to prepare people to live in such a complex society , like the one we live in today .
When people think of successful people , they think of a person who is willing to try new things and taking risks in life , a person who always jumps out of the comfort zone where he or she is so used to .
I completely agree with this statement .

In the business realm , new oppotunies are always there but lie in the hidden , unknown and risky areas .
Many people may see the oppotunity , but only successful ones are willing to take the risk to explore it .
Nowadays everyone is talking about the double-digit ecnomic growth of China and I believe no one on earth can not see the oppotunities there .
However , only a small handful of them could actually take the action to jump into this unkown territory and strike great success .

When students graduate from college , they usually think of finding a job related to their major .
Rarely do we see students are willing to explore new domains or unknown areas for more oppotunities .
However , it is usually from these small group of students who are willing to experiment new things where successful people emerge .
Take my personal experience as an example .
When I graduated with a computer engineering degree , I did not go routinely to search for an IT or engineering job , but instead , I jumped into a very new field called `` Bioinformatics '' by spending another two years in graduate schools for a master degree .
It was a daring move at that time because there was virtually zero `` Bioinformatics '' industry in the country I live in .
However , two years later , I embraced the prosperous of the field .

Our society needs all kinds of people .
Sometimes we can not judge a person 's success by measuring how much money he or she earns .
There are many great successful people out there doing notable work to our society , the poor people and the environment .
Many of them had their careers , and had lived their life comfortably .
But they did not choose to live on that way , but jumped out of the comfortable zone and did something more marvelous .

In conclusion , with all the above discussions and examples made in different domains , I totally agree with the statement that successful people are those who are willing to experimenting new things and taking risks .
I have always been a person that pushes herself to be a better individual .
Always looking forward to become a succesful student and profesional .
In order to become a succesful person it is important to be brave and being open to new experiences .
By doing that , these experinces will help to improve your knowledge and increases your point of view towards life .
Being succesful is in fact a very difficult thing to achieve if you are a person that is not willing to take risks .
Everything in life is at risk and by saying that just living life is a risk .
However , not too many people can take advantage of what life offers you in the long path .

I have always thought that when you do n't take risks you do n't go that far away .
Probably it is easy to say but really hard to make it possible .
Right now , I am in a stage in my life where I am taking the biggest risk .
I want to graduate from a graduate school in the United States and become a professional and licenced architect .
It is going to be a very big change in my life being away from my family for the first time .
It will become the biggest step in my life but the only important thing that is keeping me strong is having my confidence up high always thinking that everything will be fine as long as I work and try my hardest in everything I propose in life .

It is the most ambigous feeling in the world , having so much exciment to go but at he same time fear of what will be going to happen after I go .
In my opinion that 's the beauty of taking risks .
You have to exposed yourself to the world in order to exchange and obtain knwoledge so that you can share it with pride and pleasure to others .
The best of all is the feeling that you probably are going to have when you look back and see how brave you were and how stronger you became after taking that risks .
In following text I 'm going to express my thoughts about the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know .

There is a distinction of successful people that I want to make before answering the question .
There are two kinds of them .
First is the successful guy , who just happened to be in the right spot or have the right friend to come into a position where he is successfull .
Those people mostz do n't try new things at all or use new knowledge .
They 'll be interested in keeping the current status quo .

The second kind are the self-made successful people .
They do have to take risks and think new thoughts in order to be successful .
For example if you open a shop , you 'll have to get a loan from a bank , which is risky because you might ca n't pay it back .
If you are not able to pay your rates you risk not only the new shop you 've opened , but your whole existance .
Therefore you have to make sure that your bussines is going to work .
The best way to be successful is to differ from others .
You 'll have to think about new products to sell , new ways to advertise them .
Maybe new locations and ways to build them .

Without innovation it wo n't take long until there is someone better coming into the field , to take your custumers away .
That 's why , as a self-made man , you always have to be on top of new developments .
Whether in technical or in marketing issues .
That does n't mean that in order to be successful you 'll have to start something totally new .
It 's perfectly possible to start with something that you already know and are good at .
But it 's a must to always develop new skills and knowledge .
Custumers always want the best service they can get so you have to improve your service .
Once you 're successfull , ther is no guaranty that it always stays like that .

Successful people will always make efforts to improve further .
It 's neccesary for them to take risks and think new thoughts .
In my opinion , apart from some specfic cases of people who are ` self taughed ' , we always need to use the experience of our ancestors .
It is completly insane to set a frontier between past and present .

Success in whatever field is built on past experiences .
For instance , in biology , current scientists are leading research programs using the conclusions of former scientists .
Alexander Fleming discovered pennicilline in the 1920s and medical progress could not be as advanced as it is today if he had not .

Nevertheless , admittedly , if you do not take risks , you are not likely to make progress .
Indeed , if investors had not trusted scientists to fund their researches , there would not have been such an advanced science .
Investors can be States , private companies , etc .
They take risks because when they invest their money in medical reserach for intance , they are not sure that this research program will be successful tomorrow .
If the program fails , they can lose all the money they invest in such a program to the detriment to other potential successful programs .

The solution would be to match both the opinions .
Most of successful people try new things and use what they know from former experiences at the same time .
Indeed , people must call themselves into question before taking risks and they must try new things to survive .
Tht is why human being are so different from animals .
This is what we call human intelligence .
Not to take danger

Basically , I think both parts of the statement are true but we must bind rhem together not oppose them .
Indeed , in order to go further in the analysis , it is impossible to take risks whithout using what we know and , on the contrary , you cannot make progress without taking risks .
I disagree with the stament that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

Life is becoming shorter every day .
Time is everything and every minute is worth a fortune .
People have more things to do , much more responsibilities and activities to perform within society .
Work demands more every day that goes by , and productivity is an every day word in our vocabulary .
New inventions and equipment is constantly being created to help people save time and energy .
Time flies and we keep flying behind it trying to catch up .

A car is one of the most important inventions that save us time and energy .
It is the basic main of transportation in this world of instant results .
Regardless the fact that is also a luxury and a pleasure to some people , it 's main purpose is to take us to a specific place in the less amount of time possible .

That is the basic reason why I believe that the amount of cars will keep increasing in the next several years .
However , I do think that the size of the cars is going to change .
Vehicles will become smaller and more compact .
So that there can be more space in the streets .
The car will no longer be seen as a luxury or an object of comfort but as a practical machine that saves us time , just as a computer or a calculator does .

I strongly believe that the amount of cars will not decrease twenty years from now , on the contrary I think the car population will increase more and more , but a car will no longer be seen as it has been these past years .
It will be a necessary instrument of our every-day life , like a toothbrush or a refrigerator .
It will prevail and be even more popular .
It will become smaller and more practical , more economic and less exclusive .
Looks will be a secondary thing while economy , space saving and good performance will be the main characteristics to be considered within the next decades .
The car will stay with us as long as no other machine takes it 's place .
I disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are a few reasons why .
One reason I disagree with the statement is that young people are required to help their community for certain hours .
For me , as a middle school student , have to help my community for more than ten hours a year which is a lot for a middle school student .
Also , to get accepted into college , you need certain hours of community service .

Another reason is that the young generation has a culture of donation .
Donation could be a big help in the community and many young people are donating money to the community .
For example , a college student who worked at a part-time job , donated more than half of his hard earned money .
Also , at schools , donations are made by students .
My class collected money and donated it to an orphanage nearby , which is helping the community .

The last reason is that the meaning of giving enough time to helping the community has changed .
In the old day , there were lots of poor people who needed support from the government and the society .
So people back then had to work very hard to help the poors and improve the community .
But now , things have changed .
There are not that many poor people in the community and things to improve .
Also , back in the old days , skills and technology did n't matter much because there were n't that many high-tech things to improve in the community .
But now , it is different .
Non-skilled people cannot help in the community because everything has become high-tech , so only people with skills can help the community directly .
Nowadays , we help our community by donations and during community service hours .

These are the reasons why I disagree that young people nowadays are no giving enough time to helping their communities .
Personally i feel that it is better to specialize in one specific subject rather than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I feel so because , in the present world wherein competition is at its peak levels , in order to excel in any field we need to have complete knowledge about that particular field .
For that we need to concentrate a lot in that subject or field .

For example for an ELCECTRONICS ENGINEER in order to take VERY LARGE SCALE INTEGRATED CIRCUITS ( VLSI ) as the career we need to have the complete knowledge of chip designing at the miniature levels .
We need to be well equipped with all the necessary tools and platforms whcih are part of VLSI , else we cant be a successful designer .
Having broader knowledge in all the other fields does n't help us to do well in the present field .
For example having ample knowledge in OPERATING SYSTEMS CONCEPTS and COMPUTER NETWORKS doesnt help a person intending VLSI as a career option .
All he can do is that he utilise those concepts to an extent but they are not going to help him perceive a career in VLSI .

One of the famous saying also states that `` JACK OF ALL TRADES MASTER OF NONE '' .
It means that a person who intends to master all the fields finds the going very difficult for him .
If we intend to succeed in a particular field then we need to plan in such a way that we are also aware of the recent developments in that particular field i.e ... , we have to be upto date regarding that particular subject or field .
In ordre to sustain in the competition one needs to be the winner and a winner never takes chances .
Moreover if we wish to have broader knowledge in many acdemic subjects it will be difficult for us to concentrate in each and every aspect of every subject .
In course of broadening our horizon in one subject we may not find sufficient time or we may not pay attention to the other subject , which may lead to the failure of the individual as a whole .

Morover we may run into a state of situation wherein we may be confused to chose a career comprising of which subject .
One cannot find a career which offers or applies all the subjects he or she has studied .

Finally , i conclude that it is advisable to be specialized in one specific subject rather than havingf broadened knowledge of many subjects .
Students are too often required , by unskilled teachers , to learn pure and simple data instead of developing the ability to understand wider concept and ideas .
Before going on , I 'd like here to make a distinction between `` data '' and `` concepts '' .
A data is something we could learn by heart , that could be simply memorized , for example by reading and often easy to forget .
A concept , instead , is something complex and something that usually , once acquired , is almost impossible to abandon .
With concepts it works more or less in the same way than with experiences : usually , old people state that `` life is the best teacher '' and sometimes they 're right .
Life , with all its amount of experiences , teaches us how to react , how to behave and sometimes the direct experiences we make will be recorded in our minds forever , certainily in a more unforgettable way that the information we received at school .

In my opinion , so , concepts and experiences have the same value , or better , experiences can help in understanding wider concepts and viceversa .
The study of concepts , if done in a certain way , could help students in building a system of ideas of their own : it 's realy important , infact , to be able to start independently from one subject and to arrive to another , showing a flexible mind and the capability to develop an autonomous way of thinking ; simple data alone , instead , are not sufficient in order to learn how to link the information students get and how to build an integrated information system .

To conclude , it would be very useful for schools to develop an integrated educative system , expecially in Italy that normally lacks of practical aspects , which could coniugate practical experiences with the study of concepts .
The idea of a common core curricula and of different subject ( for istance literature in a scence faculty ) which could enrich one 's general knwledge , would be a good method to be implemented ..
When it comes to whether one should have broad knowledge or just specialize in one specific subject , different people have different opinions .
While broad knowledge usually equipts a person to become a generalist , focused and deep knowledge can turn a person into a specialist .
Both ways have advantages and disadvantages , but as far as I am concerned , I think it 's better to specialize in a certain area .

As we have entered the information era , large flows of information has come into our life , and many new subjects have appeared .
Unlike ancient people , who could only deal with simple subjects like astronomy , math and philosophy , modern people have too much knowledge to deal with .
It 's quite unrealistic for people nowadays to learn everything that is accessible .
Every subject has its own knowledge system , and every system has its specific development and application .
Time wo n't allow us to dig into every subject .
If anyone wants to study every subject , he will end with learning nothing .

Moreover , it would be more beneficial for us to specialize in certain areas .
For one thing , we can devote our full energy and effort into that area which could ensure a better gain out of it .
For another thing , to be an expert in one area can be truly useful for the society .
For example , many scientists are focusing their attention to the research in their specific area , and due to their focus and devotion , we can enjoy so many achievements in the science .
Another example is many professions give high respect and credit to those experts , such as doctors and teachers .
Because of their experience and devotions , the society can benefit from their accumulating contributions .

However , to specialize in one area does n't mean knowing nothing about knowledge in other areas .
While schools require students to choose a specific major , they also should provide chances for students to get in touch with other areas .
For example , an engineering student can focus on his or her major study , at the same time , he or she can also have arts or history as optional courses .
It 's vital for students to have a broad view about the world .

In conclusion , all the points I have discussed above have proved that to specialize in one area is better for students .
The issue of whether or not it is more important for students to understand concepts than to learn facts is a controversial one due to its influence on today student 's education .
On the one hand , learning without understanding is claimed to lead to make students only ` wise monkeys ' .
On the other hand , the current twenty or so generation is said to know far less than former generations and hence should largely learn class content by heart .
On my opinion , I agree with the statement above and consider that understanding is a prerequiste to learning .

The first argument in favor of my position is that understanding is a real reflexion while learning may be seen as a deshumanized task .
If school education has to build tomorrow brains , it seems important that they can understand what they have been taught .
The movie ` Rainman ' can be taken as an example : the story is about a very smart man , able to compute how many matches fall out of a box in seconds , but unable to communicate with the world surrounding him .
Students learning large amount of facts without being able to understand basic ideas could be seen as future experts jailed in a very narrow mindset .

Then , it has to be noted that Leibniz is said to have been the last man knowing every field of knowledge .
In the current century knowledge has become so vast that it seems hardly impossible to know everything in a specific field .
One life is often not long enough for a specialist to lead all the research he wanted to .
Hence , it makes more sense to make students able to think with concepts they understand than full of knowledge they do n't even know how to combine the different elements .

Eventually , creativity is essential to cope with an unknown situation .
While students knowing many facts could in a sense recreate learnt solutions , students having understanding concepts and ideas could be more apt to deal with the unknown and to fit an acceptable solution to the problem they cope with .

As a conclusion , I think that understanding is a prerequisite to an intelligent learning .
The former may not really be separated from the latter but I think that wise advises and concepts are much more useful for the mind than a huge amount of data .
I agree with the idea that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because people can live flexibly and make better comunications with people .
In my opinion , academic knowledeges should be useful in the real society .
If not , I believe that there is no meaning to get any of them .

First , if we have broad academic knowledge , we have more possibilities to get a job in various industries .
For instance , if we know well about both industrial technology and business , we could get a job of a engineer or a business person in a trading company .
In contrast , I can never thought to become a engineer without any knowledges of such kind of field .

In addition , broad knowledge makes our communication more flexible and diversified .
With much information about vaious fields , we can make good conversations and widen our network with people .
Good communication and relationship with people is necessary and required in life .

Furthermore , the diversity of academic background enables us to solve any complecated problems either in a office or in a personal situation .
As a result of it , we can survive well in the competitive society and win a better status .

As a consequence , broad knowledge helps people more than special knowledge in one apecific subject .
In order to survive in the competitive society , we need to acquire wider useful knowledge .
Hence , I think that studying broadly is more helpful than studying just one specific issue .
Over the past decades , atmosphere pollution has become a major issue for the international community , as the signing of the Kyoto protocol , ment to reduce toxic gases production , in 1992 showed it .
Cars contribute to such a pollution , and therefore it is essential for the future of men to stop using them .
But yet , it does n't seem to me that neither politicians nor people are ready to get rid of cars in a period of time of twenty years .

First and foremost , it is clear that in developped countries , where most of the cars are used nowadays , politicians are not willing to implement policies that would force citizens to get rid of their cars .
In the most powerful of these countries , the USA , the current administration does n't even consider atmospher pollution to be a problem to tackle .
It will therefore certainly take more than twenty years before something is done about this .
In other countries , if politicians acknowledge cars contribute to pollute the air , they prefer protecting the car industry whether than taking measures to restrict their use .
Only London and Stockholm have restricted the access to car in their historical centres .
And as infrastructures that could replace the use of cars are missing , people are n't ready to get rid of them Besides , the emerging countries ' will to benefit of cars has to be taken into account .
For the good of their economies , they cannot restrict the developpement of the car industry , and they also want to benefit from the best way of life .
They will therefore certainly not forbid people to use cars .

All in all , considering the economic context , the current policies implemented at all levels to reduce the use of cars and the people 's will to do so , there is no doubt that there will not be fewer cars than there are today .
I 'm affraid there will even be more of them .
I ultimately agree with the fact that it is better to be specialized on a specific subject than to spread energy on different subjects .
However I say ultimately , because being and staying focused on one subject means always to discard other subjects .
I found the focus necessary and very important at a certain late stage of the personal working career or academic career .
The reason behind his you build up some `` Spikes of knowledge '' on a broad knowledge platform .
These sharp spikes of knowledge will allow you to promote yourself and to pull with you the society forward .

Having said that a deep knowledge of one subject can only be based on the focus on a certain subject and none us are born with a direction and with a goal ready to be accomplished from the day of birth .

Instead we should find our path and our focus by ourself and to do that we need a broad range of knowledge .
Think for example to the manager of a company who is very good financially , but it doesent know history , politics ...
He will always take the best financial decision and at the same time will always have a strong opposition inside his team or industry , because as he does n't know the history and the culture of the people behind the business , he will never be able to respect them .

Therefore I think in an early stage it is positive to broad our knowledge on different subjects like : history , languages , politics , arts , mathematics , Phisics , biology , economy ...
However at a middle or later stage we should focus or refocus on the subjects we love more or on the subjects which will give us more satisfactions .
As an example for this I can talk about myself .
I have received an education on differents topics from latin to mathematics , I have study engineering and I got a doctorate degree in engineering , however one day I found out that my life was in business , therefore after 12 years working in sales & marketing , I decide to build up my knoledge focused on business matters and to pursue an MBA study and I am sure that this will bring success to myself and to the people around me .
In the world there is a great market of exange in which people have to do many choices buying a product .
So it is difficult for a single company to get a considerable part of this market to take advantage from it .
So I think that a common method used by a company to reach a wider part of the market is that to use advertisiments .

An example supporting this statement is that a company presents a product in a way thanks to which you see it better .
You know only the good qualities and not what is wrong with the product .

This is the purpose of advertisiments , to enchant yourself in a lot of different ways such as using famous actors like people who use that product .
On the other hand , a company should use an expert to present its product saying him to enphasize the new concept of the product .

I know from experience that advertisiments make products seem much better than they really are .
For example , one time I ordered a product by internet because I was very fascinated by the way in which it was described .
But when I had had that product at home I was very unhappy because the product did not function as it was described .
This was a very bad surprise for me .

Another common method used by advertisiments is that of fulling the page of a newspaper or the screen of the television with a lot of colours .
In this way , people ' s attention is focuzed not on the product but on other things .
It is a very successiful practice .

Summing up , I think that advertisimets change the real characteristics of a product in order to convince many other people to buy that object or that solution .
For me , this is a very bad way to sell and to trade a product .
Using these methods , companies make only tricks on people and before or after they will be discovered .
On the other hand , the best advertisiment for a product is its good qualities .
I disagree that it is important for students to understand ideas and concept than it is for the to learn facts because in todays world , in order to achieve success a careful planning is needed and planning cannot be done without facts and figures .
For instance , if a scientist has an idea or a belief , than he needs to experiment it to get facts that support the belief and than when he gets this supportive facts than the theory becomes a law and would accepted universally .
So , in order to prove any thought belief and idea the facts are required .
Moreover , students should learn about facts and this will not only help them in their future job but also in every desicion either personal or professional which they make , will be much more realiable and result would be certain and fruitful .

While knowledge and understanding of ideas and concepts is also nesseary as without them the person would not be able to set goals in live and direct his full energy to achieve it nor he will be able to gain success in life .

For example , suppose an employee has been given a project .
So , the employee needs to study it than understand the concept , plan a idea , plan a stratergy , do research and find factsand figures which support the concept and on the basis of these facts he could also estimate the profits and submit the report , than the deal would be signed and succes in profits desired would be achieved and his work would be appreciated and he might get rewards for it .
Thus the knowledge of concept and idea is important but facts are the evidences thus , when support the former than it is implemented and the success is confirmed .
Whereas , the employee could also complete the report by indicating the facts and figures and submitting it , But an efficient , employee would study find pros and cons and evaluate the deal ability to provide desired profits that are expected by the owner and thus work for betterment of his company .

Therfore , the knowledge of both ideas and concept and facts are important as they are interrelated , but without facts the idea or concept do not have any significance .
In my opinion , there are both , advantages and disadvantages about trying new things and taking risks .
Some people might feel relunctant to change methods of a successful company , others might feel more open about it .
I used to be the person who does not take a lot of risk in the past , but recently my attitude has changed .
I think that being successful in life , just can be achieved by trying new things and taking risks .
For example , a member of a football team .
If he just reacts and plays safely meaning making no faults , he cannot get a better soccer player .
He just stays at his level , but does not become a professional player one day .
A soccer player who wants to achieve someting , has to take risk .
This risks can be changing the soccer team where he has stayed for five years to a successul , better team where he does not know the members , the coach or the surrounding of this team .

Taking risks and trying new things can also have some negative aspects .
If you take risks , there will always be the opportunity to make it wrong , to loose something .
But if you do not make faults , you wo n't learn about things and decisions you made .

An example for a sport where you cannot take any risks is the formula one .
The race drivers cannot take risks , because every fault can cause death for them .
So , the level of taking risk for car pilots in the formula one , is very low .
They have to drive successful , meaning driving fast , but it is very important for them and their team to drive safely .

To sum it all up and to summarize my opinion about the statement `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than onlz doing what they already know how to do well '' , i would say that successful people have to take risks , but there are some situations or some jobs where zou have to do what zou have learned .
Pollution is a today burning issue .
Cars are the first point we think of when we talk about this issue .
But , even if there are more and more friendly-environment policies which work or not , what about cars using ?
Will we use less our cars in twenty years than nowadays ?

Not having utopic opinions , we are allowed to answer this question yes , according to several elements about the changements which will occur about using cars .

First , even if the lobbies which control petrol production are among the most powerful , the worlwide reserves of petrol are going decreasing .
This is a well-kown fact , but as it is `` material '' , nobody can prevent us from this .
This is a non-renewable resource and we are using a great part of it .
So our way to use this resource cannot be endless ; the situation will change .

Moreover , we heard it from the news more and more , scientists are searching and finding alternatives to petrol working cars .
Although these solutions are often complicated and remains expensive , all the works about this topic are progressing .

But , they are and will remain a certain time expensive alternatives for the consumer ; thus they appear as a factor which will probably reduce the using of cars in the coming years .
Given that it will be the only solution to use cars , the number of cars we use nowadays will certainly dercrease .

Third , to reduce our using of cars is the first mean we have to reduce pollution , one of the growing-importance issue of our modern societies .
Industrials pollution are being diminished by laws , but the next step is a control of using cars , as it is done actually in certain countries like France .
It is the best way we have to fight against pollution and the changes about climates which begin to occur throughout the world .
In fact , the other aspect of such a policy would be a very important developpement of the collective transports already existing as tubes , buses , etc ...
Transporting more people than cars , they are an advantaging solution at several levels .

As a conclusion , even if it still sounds utopic to say that it will have fewer cars in twenty years , several elements lead us to think this will come true .
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today for several reasons stated in the following .

One first of all has to find out reasons that could lead to a situation in which fewer cars are needed or allowed .
Therefore , one has to imagine conditions , making the use of a car for a great percentage of people unnecessary or more expensive .
In the next step one has to ask whether those conditions are likely to become reality in twenty years .

The car is todays most used transportation verhicle .
Nearly every person in the first world ones a car to get to work , go shopping or visit friends etc. what could make them not needing their cars anymore ?

One reason could be that a more effecitve method of mass trasnportation is invented which offers the same kind of flexibility , comfort and security and which is cheaper .
Such an invention and the necessary development of the transportation method would take years at least .
At the moment no such invention is in sight .
Therefore I do not believe that it can be accepted in twenty years .

Another reason could be that pollution becomes unstandable so that Governemnts prohibit to use cars .
As the automobile lobby is very powerful and has a great influence on politicts I cannot imageion such a prohibition either , although it may be desireable .

Concluding , I cannot see conditions in twenty years under which an alternitave to the automobile will have been accepted .

Furthermore , there are other reasons that make a decrease of cars even more improbable : the industries of India and especially of China as well as of some states in eastern Europe prosper .
The explosion of new demands and the increasing wealth of the people opens a complete new group of clients to the automobile industry .
During the last years the production entered a new stage as lots of chinese people bought cars .
Millions of people of the chinese or indian society belonging to lower social classes will buy cars for the first time ever .
Therefore , the number of cars will increase during the next years .

At the same time , there is no reason I can recognize that could prevent the first world countries from producing cars .
Especially the USA have a great need for automobiles as there are huge distances to overcome , especially in the inner country .
The Germans will not stop buying and using cars either .
Eventhough some more people might use mass transportation methods in the future .

Because of the stated reasons I come to the conclusion that in twenty years there will be even more cars in use than there are today .
The statement I am going to deal with is ` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ' .
I agree with the statement because an advertisement is meant to emphasize the positive characteristics of certain products and not to give a objective description .
There are large companies which dedicate themselves to the research of human behaviour in order to analyse how to gain the interest of a huge amount of people for a product for instance in a TV commercial .
They try to characterize people of different ages and different origins into interest groups and then figure out which interest group would be the most effective for selling the product to .
Then they come up with a commercial that directly points at this very special interest group and that 's why members of this interest group are so attracted to the advertisement and think better of the product than it actually is .

In order to emphasis my point I would like to give an example for a consumer who fell for that advertisement trap : Me .
Two years ago when I still stayed at my host parents house in Washington I went to the baseball try-outs of my highschool because I never played baseball before .
My host dad gave me one of his old baseball glove ( must have been about 40 years old ) and so I tried out .
I had been a pretty good pitcher back in Germany so I thought it would be much of a problem to join the team ( at least the reserve team ) .
Instead of showing my pitching skills the coach wanted me to catch a couple of balls with my glove .
I tried to do so but I could n't really figure out how to use the old glove so the ball would actually stick in there .
After the try-outs the coach told me to come back when I was was abel to catch properly with my glove .
That day I saw a brand-new glove at a sport goods store .
It was all black and had a faked autograph of saome major legue baseball player I never even heard of on it .
The commercial sign right next to it said `` You gon ' catch every ball ! ''
.
My host dad told me it was overpriced but for about the next couple of days I went to that store and looked at that glove .
After a couple days I finally decided on buying that glove .
The next day I went out to the field with my host dad to play catch .
I proudly told him that I was going to catch any ball .
Actually I could n't catch anything .
I 'm just a bad catcher , that 's what the 60 dollars I paid for the glove made me realize and showed , that most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are .
I do completely agree with this statement .

In my opinion , necessities of higher education have changed tremendously in the past 50 years .
As human knowledge exploded during this period of time , requirements for higher educations changed as well .

Today , because the amount of information available is so enormously big , nobody can be able to know everything any more .
It has become more important to learn how to find facts at the moment they are required than in fact knowing them by heart .
Nearly all information is available at any place and any time on the internet , so the problem has changed from having a certain piece of information to finding it .

Schools and University cannot teach all facts , even just in a small field , any more .
They can , in my opinion , only supply an overview and basic knowledge on their field of studies .
Any further information is just to be found and immediately used when required .

As everything becomes more intrepid and complicated , I find it important to develope a certain specialisation on a very particular , small field of knowledge to be successful .
Therefore , I need to understand basic ideas and concepts of all the concerns and issues , my subjects and job requires .
But the factor that makes me really valueable for my employer , for example , is the individual , very precise knowledge I have on a certain field , which I can , of course , integrate in greater circumstances by my basic knowledge of the subject I 'm working on .

This is why I think the statement is completely right .
I would even go further and state that it gets also more important to individualise one 's education independently , as I described above .
Private studies others than the ones offered at universities , schools and by employers will become as important as the classical ones considered as higher education .
But for studying these , the understanding of ideas and concepts will be the main issue .
in my opinion you have to consider a lot of things for when you are traveling this all different things will affect where you go and how you spend your time wherever you will go .

in my opinion traveling in a group led by a tour guide has a lot of good and bad things .
the good things are that you get to see museums to learn about a lot of stuff of the place you are visiting it is also easier to travel with someone that knows the place you are going and who can understand the language of the place they are going .
but you are also limited to the number of things you can do or the number of places you can go if you were with no tour guide .

on the other hand traveling in a group with no tour guide has many positive and many negative things .
some of the positive things have to do with the night life you can go wherever you want at whatever time you want , you can change plans whenever you want like if you planned to go to italy and in the last minute you decided you want to go to germany instead then you would just by a plane ticket that easy !!!

some of the bad things is that you could get lost or something could happen to you and there was nothign you could do if you didnt have someone who knew the place and spoke the same language .

in my opinon the best way to travel is with no tour guide because i like taking risks and going to places by myself .
Many different approaches are used in the education system of an educational community .
Mainly ; two types of approaches emerges in a school curricula ; one is practical application of issues which profoundly depends on the understanding of the ideas and concepts ; the other one is undoubtedly the theoretical approach which focuses on the merely comprehending of the facts and details .
As far as I am concerned and as being a student for a considerable amount of my life-time ; I am a proponent of the practical approach and think that schools must pay attention to teach ideas and concepts and should provide each student a broad vision to comprehend them throughly .

There are a number of important reasons I can settle down about the beneficial points of the practical approach ; meaning ; procuring students with the ideas and concepts .
The main advantage that may come along with such an attitude in an education system is the fact that students can learn how various people applied-otherwise saying practiced - the facts .
They are not only feeded with raw material ; but ; also application of the facts ; their processed form is also given to them .
During a school life ; a student may not value the importance of the facts learned .
And ; this was what exactly happenned to me and my classmates in the philosophy class in the lycee .
I have always considered that class as a base one to understand the very basics of science as it teaches to think in both quantitative manner and also abstract way .
But ; I have graduated from lycee being devoid of having the abilities in pholosophic thinking .
Because ; our teacher would talk about the facts all the time .
For example ; when she talked about the evolution of the world and the facts related to it ; she never touched to the various ideas proposed by celebrated philosophers such as Sokrates and Platon .
As a virtue of our teacher `` s educational approach ; we learned to memorize the facts ; furthermore denied acceptance on thinking on further ideas or concepts .

To sum up and to cut the story short ; it is much more important and further beneficial to make students learn the ideas and concepts which are the application of various facts solely or in combination with other facts .
It is true that we cannot deny the importance of facts as they highly depend on the facts .
Evaluation and validation of an idea related to a fact may further make it possible for a student to develop his or her own ideas .
First , I must say I completely agree with the statment .
It is quite relevant in the education of a country , and about it and its consequences a huge controversia has been opened at the spannish University .

I think everyone accepts that understanding the concept and far more important , being able to get to the facts by yourself using that concept you 've learned at class , is what University should use for .
In other words , they should teach you how to use your capabilities .
In the professional area , what you will need to do is apply what you have learned into completely different cases .
You will never find the sames specifications of the problem you got when you were studying .
You could pass your exam , but you wo n't be prepared for the real world , you will feel completely naked when you 'll find your first problem .

In my case , that I 'm an engineer , it is completely useless to know how to resolve a specific problem .
What I need to know is how to face it , what steps I should take and then work throught it to get it done .
Each time I 'll need a different technique to resolve it , but I should always take the same steps , analyze , decide best options between a brunch of possibilities and finally use it .

Then , what is the problem ?
Why do n't teachers work that way ?
Basically because it is much more complicated to teach concepts and actitudes that facts .
The fact is written and it does n't change .
They just need to read their ` magic ' teacher 's book and copy it .
Someone else did the investigation before .
Instead , to teach concepts , first you have to understand it properly , investigate , you need to get involved in the classroom .
All this means complete dedication and a huge preparation .
and what is more important , I think you need to love what you are teaching .
Another aspect I think a lot of teachers are just there because they did n't have the opportunity to develop their career in their real area .
When it comes to car use , the tendency seems to be upward sloping and that is why I believe that twenty years from now , there will be more cars than there are today ; but I believe that cars wont be the same as they are today .

Within the past fifty years , the number of cars has grown drastically worldwide .
If we take a look back in time we can easily realize that during the 1950's families were accostumed to having one car if any per household , while today , on the other hand , most families tend to own two cars .
This growth pattern could have been caused by changes that have taken place in society such as the incorporation of more women to the labor force , but the truth is that today we have more cars than we used to .
Therefore , it seems reasonable to expect a continuous increase in the number of automoviles within the next twenty years .

It is true that car use keeps incrementing , but it is also true that now people are more concious of the environmental problems than they were before , and that is why reforms are being put in place in order to reduce car use .
Such reforms include high parking rates and taxes on big automoviles , such as jeeps .
While these reforms seem harsh , the number of cars has not been decreased substancially and that is why I believe that the tendency will continue to be upward sloping .

On the other hand , while I believe that automoviles will keep increasing , their manufacture will have to be more environmentally concious and that is why cars will not be the same as they are today .
A possible change which seems to work is the use of hydroelectric engines ( engines which are electrically powered ) .
These vehicules utilize water tanks in order to generate motion .
Another posibility is incorporating sun pannels in cars , just like the ones which are now used in homes in order to obtain energy from the sun 's rays .
Both these technologies , are less pollutant than the technology implemented in regular cars and that is why it seems reasonable that new cars will implement one of these two .

In conclusion , I believe that the number of cars will continue to grow during the next twenty years , but I also understand that the situation is unsustainable as it is today and that is why car technology will have to change drastically in order to protect our planet from pollution ; therefore , cars will have to change .
This debate puts the theoretical approach of studies into question .
What is the value of facts and do they really stimulate students imagination ?

To me , ideas and concepts have two complementary effects on students .
On the one hand they make it possible to have a real ground for philosophical thoughts : they help us to understand our society and the evolution of our ways of thinking .
They also stimulate our creativity and our ability to criticize but they obviously ask efforts that can discourage most of students .
On the other hand they help us to make our own opinion .
For example the economists ( from Friedman to Marx and Jean-Baptiste Say ) that are studied give their subjective views on the question `` how society and business must be run ? '' and the economic concepts surrounding their way of thinking allow students to find their own opinion .

On the contrary , facts are already opinions because they are expressions of opinions .
Their interpretation can be very dangerous .
For example the way the historical strain between Japan and China is perceived by students from both countries acknowledges the fact that historical events are both objective and subjective ...
and the teacher 's clout on students minds can become dangerous .

I think that ideas first bring debates whereas facts lead to other facts .
Of course students critizice the point in having a theoretical approach of concepts but the system seems nowadays appropriate : if we do n't take social backgrounds into account , you see that the longer you go to school , the more the courses become factual ( from school to undergraduate schools to MBA programs that make you take decisions and use exemples to lead your management abilities )

To conclude I would like to say , as a student , that facts are more interesting to hear , more captivating and Socrate already showed from its cavern with shadows that appearance is confusing .
Indeed I would ask students to trust the way the
I firmly disagree that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .
I would say at any time that digging in one field of study as far as you can go is much better than poking others wasting time and effort .
The reasons for this are lack of in-depth knowledge and difficulty in being successful in career .
Perhaps , a famous saying in my country , ` When digging a well , dig only one , could give a fundamental idea about my opinion .
I will discuss my reasons in detail in the following passages .

First of all , having broad knowledge in many academic fields may seem wonderful from time to time but it would only result in lack of in-depth knoweldge in any of those fields .
For example , if you study biology for 4 years instead of physics for 2 and biology for 2 , you will get really deep knowledge in biology and even be able to plan your future academic life more easily .
Also , this might get you acknoledgement from others and raise a possibility that you will be awarded for it someday .

Secondly , for most people schools are supposed to help them to get advanced in their career .
Having broad knoweldge in many fields can seriously damage your future career plan .
Suppose you are being interviewed by excutives for a nice job .
They will certainly be looking for a person who would do well on the jobs assigned to them .
They will want some who know what they are really doing , not just someone with various , but useless knoweldge on different fields .
This also can seriously hamper your promotion in the organization , even if you get hired .
A person with speicialized knowledge has more chance to advace in the organization since they can really develop thier niches and know exactly where they stood and are going .

In conlcusion , specializing in one specific subject makes a person more realiable as well as knowlegeable .
Keeping integrity personally and professionally has always been repected by others and accepted to be better than having shallowness in a variety of fields .
Just looking at today 's academic environement , it is easy to know that people are heading more specialized direction than ever .
We can see many advertisements in our life .
On TV , magazine , newspaer and even we can see on a street through the window .
Do these advertisements make people to buy the product ?
Absolutely yes , because most of them make products seem much better than they really are .
I have three reasons why and how advertisements makes products seem better ; advertisements show only good thing , they use popular person as a model and they repeat same things .

First of all , advertisements show only good things .
They naver show negative things .
For example , there is a computer .
This computer is very fency and looks good however the function is very limited and it has small memories .
Would the advertisement of this computer say that it has limited function and small memories ?
It would show only good things and overstate about it however it would not mention about bad things .
People do n't know about negative things and know only good things so they may think products are very good .

Second , they use popular person as a model to attract people .
Many advertisements use popular stars in spite of paying huge amout of money .
People think they can be similar with the model as they use the product .
For exmaple , models of clothes ' advertisements are all pretty and skinny , because people think if they wear the clothes they can be as pretty as them .

Last of all , they are repeated so people remind the product anytime .
Same advertisements are repeated .
Sometimes , I saw same advertisement for more than 10 times a day .
Although at first time I just passed the advertisement , however later I was interest in the advertisement and the product .
Advetisement repeat same state and action so make people agree with them .

For these reasons , advertisements make products seem much better than they really are so make people buy products .
In my opinion we should be careful with these advertisements to not buy that we are not neccessary .
Advertisement is just an advertisement .
We can enjoy to see it , however we should not beileve all what they say .
It seems that because of young ages and so more flexible bodies young people are enjoying life more than their parents or older people around them do .
It may be so , technically , but in fact not , at least not from what I have learned from my experiences .

First of all , young people are at the beginning of life .
They are just trying to collect the tools to explore a new , unknown and charming land .
So they are focused on constructing their lifes for their futures instead of living in present time and enjoying their experiences .
They have to go to a college or a university first of all to guarantee a sustainable living .
And preparing for all those exams and trying to cope with all unpleasant side effect such as stress , sleeping problems and depression is not so enjoying .
Going out with friends sometimes and getting into drinking rituels does not mean that they are pleased with their lives or they are enjoying life .
Because of the pressure of a comfortable future life , real life is forgotten .
To graduate from a college is even a problem because that is the end of your student life and you are now expected to find a good job and try to survive , you cannot depend on your parents from now on , nor your friends : you are completely alone in an unknown world .
You have to woork a lot , to be considered as a succesfull person for yourself and for the people near you , you should buy a car , and then a house .

Untill here , these are my experiences .
Here are my fathers ' and my mothers ' : My father has just retired , he is an actor and he worked for a state held theater organization more than thirty years .
He had to put off all his wishes and desires because his children were in college and they needed money .
But he does just what he wants now : he is travelling a lot to see different artistic performances in theater , he is working on his own plays , reading lots of books and he is passing three monts of the year along the sea coast in our summer residence in that unique environment in one side a forest , in another side the bluest sea of the world .
My mother also passes most of her time in our summer residence , where I hadnt seen for four years .
She goes out whenever she feels bored to the nearest theater to watch the coming films and it was ages ago when I last saw a film .
She sometimes visits my brother living in one of the most beautiful winter sports center of my country .

So , whenever I look at them , I feel that enjoying you life is a very very long experience , a gift perhaps , attained after so much struggles , or may be a sort of achievement and cannot be wholly understood by young people .
We are just at the beginning .
I hope that someday it will be our turn .
The days when one could be genericly called and a scientist or an inventor who knew it all are long gone .
Like Leonardo Da Vinci was a painter a mechanic a biologist among many other things .
In our modern times there is so much knowledge that one lifetime of constant memorizing will not suffice to acquire it all .

Technology and science advances as people contribute to it , and to be able to contribute to it one must have mastered what has been previously done .
Todays academic subjects are very deep and extensive .
In addition , considering that there are a lot of subjects , a superficial broad approach will not lead to significant contributions .

Although it is mandatory to have a borad understanding of things to be able to relate ones work with other areas and find uses for it .
Failing to have awareness of other subjects can be considered as ignorance , but this kind of attitude and lack of interest has no place in academics .

Broader knowledge will get you in to many plesant converstions and you may be able to orchestrate a bunch of specialists from different fields to collaborate , however it is not enough for individual contribution .

I personally passed a phase where I was hungry for information and tried to learn everything but then I discovered that eveybody in the world knows at least one thing better than me .
For example I was repairing my own automobile and makin my own surfboards when I discovered that someone else can do a better job than me and it will cost them less time .
It will also cost me less money if I spend it working on what I know .
The same applies for academcis .

Now I believe that you should do one thing that you know and do it it right .
I disagree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
First of all it indicates that young people in general are indifferent to their communities .
This is not true .
There is a huge amount of people who are engaged in social work and the number is not decreasing at all .
Quite the reverse is happening .
Perhaps due to the increasing anonymity in urban life and the decline of social security in Germany there are many people who do not want to watch this situation without doing something about it .
Additionally young people might consider social engagement as a good opportunity to find new contacts , make friends and acquire a sensible task in their life , which especially young people often are still in search of .

In spite of the generalization made in the statement , I do agree that there is indeed a large amount of young people who do not care about helping their communities .
This has to my mind several reasons .
First of all , growing up nowadays of during the past 20 years , the role of the communities in everyday life has decreased more and more .
Many young people do not see the importance or necessity of communities .
Their aim in society is obtaining a good education and achieving a successful career .
Making this possible requires a lot of working and studying , which inevitably leads to the neclection of such things as voluntary work for the community .
However , applying to a prestigiuos university or a well paid job requires more than having good grades .
It is also extremely important to have an impressive CV , which proves that the person applying has also spend his or her spare time on helping other people or the community .
Therefore I think that even the young people who care more about their own benefits and career join in helping their communities .

To sum up the arguments it can be stated that although young people nowadays have an increasing pressure concerning their career , many still take their time to help in ther communities .
However it cannot be denied , that there are some black sheep being indifferent to these kind of social events .
Education is not only the reason people get hired everyday for different types of job , it is also a way of life .
To decide whether it 's better to specialize in a subject than to learn about many subjects is a lifetime decision .
Depending on the person and his/her aspirations , his/her decision about specialization will be taken .

I 'm more of a specialized person .
I prefer to learn a lot about an interesting subject for me than to learn about many other subjects that may be not so relevant for my taste .
In my future , I expect to become a proffesional astronomer .
Since I was young , I 've known that there 's no way for me to become an astronomer if I do n't specialize in astronomy and physics .
If I wanted to become an astronomer and also have broad knowledge of many other academic subjects , I 'll forever be a college student .
Maybe that does n't sound that bad , does n't it ?
But I would also like to raise a family and maybe , being a college student all my life is not going to help me in taking care of my kids .

In contrast with being an astronomer , there 's a proffesion that requires a broad knowlege about many subjects : teachers .
The teachers are like second parents to any son or daughter who gets enrolled in an academic program .
And maybe teachers are divided into types of classes given , but a great teacher is the one that knows about everything .
Sure you can learn about math from your calculus teacher but , what about a little history ?
Would n't that be great ?
If a person decides to become a teacher , this person must be determined to study about many subjects and not just one .

Another example of broad knowledge is our grandfathers and great-grandfathers .
What we have today is because of them .
And most of them were n't specialized in a subject ; they knew something about everything .
They are the reason our parents are here and our parents are the reason why we are here .
Maybe if all our grandfathers had some sort of specialization , our lifes would have been completely different .
So , in a way , people with broad knowledge were the founders of our society .

But during this times , there 's space for everyone .
You can specialize in a subject or not .
The key is to decide what do you want for your life and to remember that everyone is different : I may be a specialized person , maybe you are n't .
But we all are capable of learning and success only depends on effort , no matter what type of education is chosen .
I disagree with the statement .
In my opinion , people understand ideas and concepts by learning the facts .
It seems that we are unable to get the ideas or concepts untill we really know the fatcs .

First , it is difficult for us to get the new idea or concept right away .
For instance , whenever the professors gives the new lecture , they need to organise the materials and manage to set up the lecturing in order to make students understand what they teach in class .
In fact , most professors would introduce the ideas and concepts at the beginning of the lectures , explain the details by taking some examples , and summarize the essence by the end of the lectures .
obviously , it could make students understand better , even though not all of the students stay on the same level .

Second , some ideas and concepts are really abstract , especially those mathematical issues .
we usually learn fast as long as we practise by ourselves .
for example , I still remember my mathematical teach back to primary school .
Obviously , she did great job to teach us how to undertand the classes and how to work out the questions .
One day , when we talked about the square of the objective , our teacher got a few students to stand up and measure the length and width of our classroom so that we could figure out the exact numbers of objective and caculate the square of the room immediately .
As a result , we learnt the idea and concept through the factss we did .

In conclusion , I personally believe that people hardly to understand the ideas and concepts unless they learn the facts .
Facts help us to completely understand and solve
I totallay agree with the statement , that it is better , to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one subject .
I did a professinal education as a media designer and now I am studying media sciences , political sciences and cultural sciences , and therefore I can tell from my own experience , that it is very important today , to have knowledge of a variety of topics .

First of all , my studies showed me more than once , that many developments , they may be cultural or technical , are connected in some way .
So , when you have knowlegde about different subjects , you can develop a much better understanding concerning the whole situation .

What is more is , that a broad education is very useful for later business life .
Today , jobs are not that restricted and limited anymore .
Almost every modern job applies an excellent general knowledge .
During my eduacation , for example , I had to show creative skills on the one hand , and mathematical and technical skills on the other hand .

Studies also show , that few people would keep one job for their whole life .
There is a certain tendency , that people will have two ore more jobs during their lifetime .
My mother is a good a example for this development .
First , she did an education as a nurse .
When she became mother , she stayed at home for 10 years .
Now , back in business life , she works as an german teacher .

All in all I think , I made clear , why I am convinced that a broad knowlege of various subjects is necessary .
The key word for the 21th century definetly is flexibility and I think , that universities in particular should support that development by offering a huge variety of academic subjects .
Some people think that to learn facts is more important than to understand ideas and concepts because facts make students easy to decide something to do .
But personally , I think that there are a lot of factors when students decide something to do Therefore , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

First of all , it is sometimes difficult for university students to enter a certain company .
For example , I worked at NTT , the biggest telecommunication company in Japan .
When I was a university student , NTT was a top ranked company in Japan and very difficult to enter .
Many friends of mine gave up trying to enter that company only because of the difficulty .
If I just cared about the fact that the company is very difficult to enter , I might not try to enter that company .
But I had a huge dream that I wanted to change the world by using the Internet , and at that time NTT was the most powerful IT company in Japan .
I just believed my idea and entered the company .
This example clearly shows that ideas is more important than facts .

Second of all , it is hard to get a scholarship .
For instance , I got a scholarship in my high school days .
My high school was very famous and one of the highest level in my region .
When I decided to challenge to get a scholarship , all teachers in my junior high school told me it was impossible .
However , I never gave up my concept that I got a scholarship and made my parents less burden .
If I followed the fact that it was hard to get a scholarship , I never got a scholarship from my high school .
This example is the typical case that to understand ideas and concepts are more important than to learn facts .

In conclusion , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Is is often said that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
For example , a business person that has an expanding and growing company will probadly diversify his activities and explore new areas .

The background of this scenery is a feeling of confidence .
Once you can prove to yourself and to others , what you are capable of then appoval is no longer at stake .
You do n't have make a statement on your capacities and inteligence , you have already done that .
Now it is time for the next goal .

And in this line , ambition plays a very important part .
Human beings have a tendency to be unsatisfied .
Once you have reached an aim , another emerges .
As soon as you realise that you were able to do what you had set your mind and spirit to , the following project comes along .

This is a way of maintaining your self steem as high as possible .
Always looking for self realisation on the outside world .
However positive projects are in a person 's life , I believe that other things should be taken into account aswell .
For instance , being able to enjoy what you have produced .
If you are an important Congress man , it is my opinion that before running for President you make the most out of what you are living and feel proud of what you have already accomplished .

Moreover , there has to be a stop in the race for constant success .
Otherwise you might be spending most of your time analysing new projects rather than recognising your achievements .
If you were able to buy a beautiful house thanks to your dedication and hard work , my advice would be to enjoy it and share time with your family instead of working even harder to purchase a bigger one .

All in all , it is my personal opinion that there should be a balance between new aims and enjoying those already met .
In order to be successful you have to be able to feel happy with what you have .
In my opinion , the young people nowerdays are dedicated and dovouted to help their communities .
Though no such statistical data exist as of now but being a part of the young generation of India , I myself can support my stance with several examples .
The best example that can be qouted is of the recent devastation caused by T-sunami .
The vast destruction caused by upsurge of tremendous tidal waves not only affected economically but also led to casualities and serious injuries .
In this situation , from primary school children to college graduates united here in India to help the needy .
We being the part of this association went door to door to ask for any form of help , that included money , medicines , clothes , food etc .
Even the NGO 's and well acclaimed societies like Red Cross and SOS acknowledged this enthusiastic participation of youth of India and well assured that the funds and support liquidated to the proper cause .

T-sunami was just an example and this happened in case of Gujrat earthquake and other disastors .
Though it should not be inferred that this kind of participation is only restricted to natural calamities only .
Nowerdays , students participate more in programmes like National Cadet Camps ( NCC ) which go to rural areas to help understand their problems and educate them about certain topics like AIDS .
Moreover , blood donation camps is another example of frequent participation of young people to support their communities .

Appart from that the technological advancement has made it feasible to provide modern and extensive techniques that ultimately leads to social and financial upliftment of communities .
In developing countries like India , we are still having a large population that needs to be properly educated .
Nowerdays more capable and intellect people are getting into politics and civil services .
It is the young doctors who cure disease and it is the young engineers who make a village glow at night .
The extensive research done now will definately have implications for the betterment of the future .
If we look into the situation more practically , we will see that more and more young people are participating in the development and upliftment of their communities .
Though some population is still not as enthusiastic about community service yet i would state that , `` Nothing is perfect '' .
It will be illogical to expect cent percent participation .
Thus , to sum up , young people are giving time to help their communities .
I disagree with the statement and believe that specializing in one specific subject and being a master of that area is much better than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

In today 's complex world , each field or subject has become so complex that it requires more than a lifetime of dedicated effort to master that subject .
Unless one gives that effort , his knowledge about that field remains only superficial .

Specilization leads on to new frontiers .
Unless we have specialists in various fields , it will be very difficult to come up with new discoveries and inventions .
Each academic field has become so complex , it his highly improbable for a generalist today to come out with something new unless aided by chance or luck .

Specialization also leads to confidence in one 's personality .
If somebody is a specialist in his field , that person can be trusted to do that thing better than most people .
He can be expected to take responsibility related to that field , so that other people can focus on their own specialist fields .

Since a specialist is a master of his domain , he can pass on that information gained by investing time in one particular thing to the next generation .
A generalist wont have the depth and would not be appreciated by his audience when he talks about any of his various known topics .

There is no course in the world which gives degrees to students for having studied about 20 different fields .
All the degrees offered by colleges all over the world focus on one or two areas of specialization .
This itself proves the worth of specialization viz a viz general knowledge about various academic fields .

If one looks around , almost all the successful people are masters in their domain .
They know about one subject in detail and hence gain respect from their peers .
Even a generalist post like the President of India is occupied today by a scientist who helped the country further its satellite program .

There is a saying which goes like : `` Jack of all trades , and master of none '' .
Unless we change it to `` Master on one '' or `` Master of some '' , it will continue to remain derogatory in its usage .
People nowadays have a variety of choices to go out .
They can go by plane , car , bike or even by spaceship .
Since there are a lot of inventors still trying hard to bring out something new , I do believe that 20 years later , there will be considerably fewer cars .

I remembered reading a piece of news which said that a corporation in Germany has already succeeded in producing a kind of car that can both run on a road and fly in the sky .
Doors of the car can be used as `` wings '' when the driver presses a special button in the car which instructs it to go up into the sky .
Though it wo n't be produced in huge amount very soon , there are chances that it 'll become popular one day .
And they have possibility to take the place of cars .

There 's another reason that I believe the number of cars is going to decline , which is because technology is getting more and more advanced , we will never know what will be invented in the future .
Maybe a car with much more seats than we have today , or a kind of bicycle allowing 20 persons to ride at the same time .
Future is mysterious , and you never know what is going to happen .

Besides large cars , innovative transportation and super size bicycle , a decent in population is sure to contribute to a drop in the number of cars .
Many developed countries , such as the Swiss , Germany , the United States and Great Britain etc. are all facing the problem of lack of youth .
Not many newly-married couples choose to have kids , so this directly leads to the situation .
Since there will be fewer people in the world , how can there be more cars on the roads ?

Well , these are the explanations for my choice , and I really hope a decent in cars will occur because there are so many accidents which have killed lots of people , and the bad effect they have brought to our unique atmosphere around the earth .
This summer I was in USA and faced with the fact that how cars became an important part of our lives .
The transportation system was much more different than we used to have in Turkey which caused me to get in trouble many times .
Then I started to think about the importance of cars and how they will be one of our obligatory needs like water or food in the next future .
I believe that in twenty years time there will be more cars in use than are today .
There are mainly two important reasons that I can see to support that idea .

The first reason is the increasing world population .
When we think 20 years before today , we will notice that the traffic problem was not as serious as today .
By the increasing population the number of cars are increasing as well .
People start to settle the areas that are not occupied before .
This means new living areas appear that travelling long distances become obligatory .
As I had mentioned previously , my USA experience had really showed me that obligation after seeing people travelling more than one hour to go to their works and schools every day .

The second reason of why I believe there will be more cars in use is the technology and the things that it brings to our lives .
With the new improvements in our technology we realize that our lives become much more easier .
It is a fact that people follow the technology as they want to use their times much more efficiently .
I believe nobody would like to spend half an hour or more by waiting in bus stops or standing in the crowded busses .
Another fact is that cars become cheaper and available as the technology develops the novel ones wich are more expensive .

It seems that it is not very far to observe that cars will be an obligatory part of our lives that all the family members have their own cars by considering the increasing world population and the developing technology .
A plethora of methods of traveling are available these days .
The main two ways would be traveling privately and traveling publicly .
In other words , a person can travel by himself/herself or with a small group of familiar people and he/she can also travel in a tour guide .
Although traveling in a group led by a tour guide would allow me to gain more information about a particular place that I travel in , I would rather travel by myself or with my friends or family .

One of the requirements of tour guides is that there is a specific schedule that everybody has to follow .
Therefore , the people in a tour guide have to change their daily lifestyles .
When I went to a college tour with my friend , I had to wake up much earlier then I usually do and eat meals at times that I was not used to .
In addition , if somebody fails to follow the schedule , everybody else has to wait and the trip would not be as pleasant .
Consequently , it is better to travel in a private group .

Not only following a schedule , but also confronting unfamiliar people could be uncomfortable during a trip .
There are usually a myriad of people who are unfamiliar ; therefore , they cannot act naturally or be themselves with each other .
Since being comfortable is very significant and valuable in a trip , traveling in a tour guide is not preferable .

Another aspect of traveling that a tour guide lacks is the limit of time and place .
Since there are specific times and places , people might not be able to go somewhere they wanted to or stay as long as they wanted to .
Therefore , traveling with a tour guide is not an effective way to fully enjoy a trip .

Some people who consider traveling in a group led by a tour guide as the best way to travel might suggest that people can go to important and historical places that average people might not be aware of .
However , this advantage can be easily achieved by simply researching or reading books about a particular place .
As a result , a professional help from a tour guide is not necessary to accomplish the best experiences of traveling .
In our actual society , which is currently developing faster and faster everyday , it is necessary to be posted on many new findings in diverse fields of science .
Since every field is getting broader as it goes , one may have to choose between having a general knowledge on several fields , or specializing on a certain matter .
I choose the second option .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can be a good thing , if you can handle it .
In order for that to happen , one would have to study different areas , which would leave less time to know deeply each and everyone of them This would mean that , although having knowledge on many subjects , they would be somewhat shallow .
In contrast , it would give you a large list of subjects to talk about with friends and family .

On the other hand , specializing in one specific subject would lead a person to have a profound understanding of the matter .
It is what everyone expects from proffesionals in many fields .
For instance , no one would like to have a surgery if he knows that the surgeon who is going to procede does not know much about the matter .
You might as well get killed with a gun if that is the case .
This example is suitable for any other field , such as economics , or even music .
In proffesional matters , a person who knows more on a single matter is more apreciatted than one who know too many little things .

To conclude , I would say that both kinds of knowledge are important , but having to choose , I would go for specializing in one subject over having broad knowledge of many subjects , because it is more important when it comes to being a good proffesional , whatever career you choose .
I disagree with this statement .
To my consideration , learning facts is of greater importance than simply understanding ideas .
I 'll illustrate this point in the following three aspects .

First , ` understanding ' ideas without learning facts does n't mean people FULLY understand these ideas .
Only through connection to facts , could the students know where these idea came from , and how they formed .
For example , In our childhood , we all learn from teachers that there are 9 planets surrounding the sun .
But recently , scientists expelled Plato out of the solar system .
And now , technically speaking , there are only 8 planet left .
Plato did n't change .
What changed is our criteria of planets .
If students do n't understand the criteria , by simply remembering the structure of solar syustem will not help to understand the essence of solar system .

Second , students may find it hard to implement theories into practice in this way .
Theory without practical outcome is of little use for people in their daily life .
By understanding ideas in the textbooks , students could score high in the exam .
But it could not benefit them when they graduate from school , and when they need to start to implement these ideas into their work , because they did n't learn the facts that these ideas are based on .
This kind of student wo n't be competent in modern society .

Third , there 's always some facts that could not be explained by simply illustrating ideas .
If a student is obssessed with understanding ideas too much , he might not be curious about numerous facts that could not be explained by these ideas .
Curiosity is what keeps innovation happens .
Fueled with it , a great amount of future innovation will take place .
For example , UFO is still inexplainable by current scientific theories .
However , a student may get interested in it by learning facts that this phenomenon could not be explained by scientific ideas .
The next great astronaut after Amstrong might probably starts here .

In conclusion , learning facts is important in truly understanding scientific ideas , implementing theories , and keeping curiosity to spark innovation .
This is more important to students .
Risk is the foundation of real man .
How monotonous life would be if we were only to do tasks with prescribed rules to follow .
Sometimes it is a fun and sometims it is a compelsion to devise our own set of rules rather that following the established norm .
A look at the history reveals that almost every man who has make his mark in his field did not followed the footsteps prescribed by others .
Though exceptions are everywhere but the general rule is that that almost every greatmen till date did not believed in following the set pattern and discovered his way to successss by following and doing what he believed was just according to his own thinking process .
Be it Gandhi or Lincon .
Both of them knew law very well and could have gone to become very successful lawyers in their respective countries but instead of that Gandhi experimented with Truth and Non Violence and Lincon with the abolition of Slavery .
He believed in both these principles and was willing and ready to put his life at stake for it .
So was Lincon this reaction towards the inhuman practice of slavery was not taken very well by the dominant forces prevaling in the society of that time .
But Lincon was firm in his belife that the prectice must go .
The success which both these great men achived through their efforts is phenomenal One in term of freedom of India and another in terms of removal of slavery for USA and elsewhere What is common is between these to great and successful men is their wilingness to risk all they had to save the principle in which they believed and that is what classifies ordinary men form successful person All of them have one common feature that they do not compromise of the principle upon which they place reliance and are willing to stake all for it .
So I do agrre that Successfull ...
already .
To do
In the next twenty years , the number of cars used will decrease in the more developed parts of the world , where it will increase in the less developed countries , I believe .
The reason why I a behold such a viewpoint is due to taking into consideration firstly , the nation state 's control of their country 's public transportation policy and secondly , the fact that the thirld world or developing countries are getting more and more domains of exploitation for the huge transnational corporations ( TNCs ) in our contemporary world .
In other words , on the one hand while the more developed countries are putting forward legislations that favour more their public and their security , the less developed countries , tend to be more vulnerable to the harsh effects of the liberal capitalist economy .
In other words , they tend to get more attracted to the advertisements that are shown on television , where due to these countries ' peoples lack of education , as well as the weak government policies ( as a result of weak nation state ) they get tempted to drive carswhere the public transportation is rather poor .

Let me try to clarify my point by comparing my observation of two countries , that is , Sweden and Turkey .
As Sweden is a more developed country in economical terms and has accordingly a social state that serves for the benefits of its people , the public transportaion is used hugely ; especially the underground and the busses .
However , it is not just the use of these public transportation but also the availability and quality of he service that is provided by the State , which is a factor that counts for the reason why Swedish people prefer to use the public transportation more than the privately owned cars .
On the other hand , although in Turkey the public transportation is getting developed especially in the two big cities , that is , Ankara and istanbul , it is still nothing compared to Sweden .
The busses do not have a timetable as in Sweden or the railway is not as long and the lines are not as many as in Sweden , which as a result makes people want to own and use cars instaed of public transportation .
However , apart from such a case , it also holds true that in Turkey people believe that nice looking cars affect their social status ( as the education level is rather law ) .

In conclusion , the suggestion that the use of cars will be used less is not a `` black '' and `` white '' answer .
It depends on the social , economic and political conditions of a country as well as its status within the global political economy .
I agree with the statement that , young people enjoy life more that older people do .
There are 3 reasons why I agree with that opinion .
First of all , for young people most of the things they experience are new and they facinate young people .
Young people have curiosity and it motivates them to do things and try many things .
I believe that trying to do something is essential for my life and it is the best way to enjoy my life .
However elderly people know what is interesting and what is not , and they easily give up trying .

Secondly , young people often worry .
They worry about their future , love , relationship between their friends or family and so on .
While they are worrying about these things there are lots of talking , laughing and crying and that makes people grow up .
Young people often have more dificulties than elderly people do , and it is because taht young people have less knowledge .
But I do not think having less knowledge for life experience is bad thing .
It also can motivate people .
Usually , older peoople use their knowledge of their experience and avoid having difficulty and chose easier way .
It is not an interesting thing for me at all .

Third reason is concerned about physical problems .
When people get older , that is natural that you have more physical problems that you used to when you were young .
Physical and phycology effect each other , so when older people get physical pain , they might be nervouse and do not feel like doing anything .
Actually , my grand mother used to play golf untill about she was 55 , but since she got a pain on her knee , she stopped playing golf and the more , she stopped going outside .
I was very sad I saw her always sitting on a chair and watching TV .
But young people have much less physical problems so that we can try anything we want to .

Young people are hopefull and have lots of energy .
When you get older and reflect yourself for not to do anything you wanted to , is what I hate the most .
Challenging is the best thing to satisfy your life .

For those reasons I believe that young people can enjoy life more than older people do .
I agree with the notion that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years from now , then there are currently based on certain facts and projections .

Firstly , we all know how the gasoline prices are rising everywhere .
Although part of the reason is political , there is no doubt that the amount fuel in reserves has dwindled rapidly .
For a common commuter that means an additional cost , a cost which is not increasing with his/her income .
Slowly this would lead to people shifting to public transport .
The goverments are also working in various countries to improve there public transport systems especially in the big cities .
Sooner or later most people would have access to good and efficient public transport .

Secondly , as the population in cities is rising there is lesser space for housing consequently either the cities would get bigger or more housing would be built in the space which is available as of now .
If the cities get bigger , the distances might become to large for people to drive on their own .
Most people would , I feel , prefer getting on to a train and bus .
Not having the discomfort of driving these long distances and maybe getting some work done on the way .

If more housing has to be built in the city , then the parking spaces and wide roads will have to go .
In this case most definitely people would have no option but to leave their cars and rely on public transport .

FInally , with the rise in global temperatures being linked to green house emissons , the time is not far when governments would start charging exceptionally high taxes from people who are producing these gases to compensate for the nvironmental damage .
The car owners , I think , would be one of the first to get hit with these taxes .

So unless some radical new fuel which is both cheap and clean comes up in the next five to ten years , I think we are looking at much fewer cars twenty years from now in our urban environment .
I agree that there will be fewer cars in the near future , because current technological and scientific developments prove to alleviate man 's desire and need of mobility by driving .
Other means of transportation have come to be used much frequently over the last 10 years due to the fact that they cost much lesser than they used to .
Flying , instate and out of state , is more common and practical by all means .
Besides , when I consider the urgency of fuel in each individual vehical , I can not help but think that the earth 's reserves should not last long enough to support such spenditure .
Although planes run on fuel , they carry much more people at a single occasion .

Just as means of transportation have developed , our habbits of communication have also changed and we have become more mobile , meaning more accessible , so that we do not have to drive to those places where we are expected .
Our daily jobs are mostly handeled from our desks ; over the internet , or on phone .
The unstoppable growth of mobile phone technology enables us to be at multiple stations at the same time .
We can drive while we are ordering pizza over the phone and keep a client on hold on the car phone .

As far as technology goes , perhaps , we will not even need feul-oil cars in the 20 years to come .
The most recent technology pormises to developed more profound models of solar cars , or hydra automobiles .
World 's leading environmental foundations support , both financially and ideologically , that more investments should be bestowed upon technological improvements so that alternative modes of transportation can be attained .
I strongly believe that the world may turn out to be a less polluted and peacefull abode afterall .

20 years may not be a lot of time considering the historical developments of people ; yet , a lot can be achieved in such a duration if the drives and the motives are right .
Less fuel consumption , lesser car , and car accidents for that matter , may be a few motives for starters .
Even in the pressurised atmosphere which the youths of today 's generation face for building his or her carer , I do not think that they have detered from their responsibilities towards the community .

It is true that day by day as the youths are getting more and more competitive so is the pressure on them by their parents and relatives to have a secured future and decent earning .

In such an atmoosphere it becomes a bit difficult for the students to give way to their genuine feelings to help other .
But still as I have myself observed in my community the youths have taken up the challenge and are helping the poor and needy ones by whatever means they can .

I would like to give an example of a very small organization which carries out such a function .
In my own institute theere is an organization called `` Kashi Utkarsh '' which tries to educate the illiterate , poor children and provide them with ceratin daily requirements .
They even get the financial aid from the students of the college itself .
There are various big and legally organized institutes which have been build by the governments of a country which have maximum youth participants .

It is true a part of the society keeps on postponing its responsibilty toward the society by putting up various kinds of lame excuses like that of their time having not arrived yet to help others and they should first secure their position in the society before helping others .

On the other there are various children who help the needy ones in their localitiy itself .
It is not essential to join an institute to help others Social service is quite appreciable even if done on a very small scale .

Even on governmnet 's side especially in United Staes Of America , the will in the students to help the needy ones is being promoted by exempting a part of their college fee on volunteering for the helping people with very limited means .
The students are encouraged to take evening classes for students who have some difficulties with their subjects .
And the students are not payed for this hence making them understand the menaing of their being a part of the society they live in .

To illuminate my point I do not think that example of Mother Teresa will be out of date .
She did not start healing the wounded and helping the poor and needy ones across the nations after she got old !
It was only that her works were recognized on an international level after a certain period pof obscurity .

To conclude there is no dearth of students who are ready to work for the community .
What they lack is opportunity and proper guidence , which is provided adequately , there would never be any such question arising !
I agree with the statement that indicates that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are several reasons taken both from my life and my environment , which I will cover in the following paragraphs .

Firstly and maybe most importantly , the main affect that make people enjoy life less is the obligation of working .
People who do not work for their , say , first 21 years of their lives suddenly face with a harsh professional working environment .
It may include a low salary , hard working conditions or the lack of holidays .
Working everyday from early morning to evening ( or even night ! )
consumes all the energy of the body and leaves nothing else to do in the limited time left to live your own life .
Especially , if you do not have the job of your dreams ( much-paying and less-working ) , everyday would be a nightmare .
It is never like the good old days you had before , when only 20 hours of lecture and some studying were sufficient to pass the courses and have much time to enjoy in the university campus .

Responsibilities are another factor .
It also includes the professional life .
But there are other aspects too , like the effort needed to form and run a family .
Having children bring joy to life for sure , but greater responsibilities ; such as the education of the child , having to face almost impossible-to-handle situations , are factors that make the life taste bitter .

Finally , health-related issues are a big part of the deal .
The difficult life conditions mentioned above bring other unwanted guests which are also known as illnesses .
The mother nature also helps these guests , as we all know that the resistance to unwanted situations of a living creature decreases as the time proceeds .

There would be exceptions to what I mentioned before .
Working children , unhealthy-born babies or improving ability to taste life with the gained experiences etc ...
But still , I do not believe that they are enough to overcome the fact that being young feels great .
The issue at hand is whether or not is necessary to take risks to succeed in life .
I think this is a very important issue because it has to do with our personal behaviour and most of all with the way everybody looks at life in general .
I am convinced that the only way to have success is to take risks and to try to walk roads that nobody walked before .

My first reason to support my thought is my own experience .
When I finished the University in Florence , I decided to come to Mexico because I was convinced that I would have greater opportunities to realize my dreams than if I had remained in Italy .
I took the risk to go to a new country but today I can say that it worths .

Another reason why I think risk is strictly correlated to success is because I am convinced that all the ways that take you to success must be difficult .
As much your dream is bigger as much it will be more difficult to realize .
But difficulty naturally implies risk , because without taking any risk things are much easier to realize , but also they give you less success .

Of course not everybody likes to take risks .
As I mentioned before it depends on our personal behaviour .
On one hand there are some people that enjoy life without taking any risks , following a routine that they already know very well .
On the other hand there are some people that look at life as a continous change , as taking risks all the time .
I think I belong to the second group of people as I get bored very easy when I am doing the same things .

For all these reasons I conclude that people who think of success as the main goal of their lifes , must take risks and trying new things as many times as they can .
The bigger the risk , the greater the success .
To answer the question if there will be fewer cars in twenty years is not very simple .
There are various factors which might or will play a role in this development .
In the following I will try to explain my point of view on this topic .

If the useage of natural resources and especially oil will continue in the next two decades there might be a lack of petrol quite soon .
But using up so much oil would also mean to continue wasting our environment tremendously .

A lack of oil would probably cause an increase of the fuel prizes up to the point where only very few people are able to even afford it .
This development might lead to a thinking away from the philosophy that every household needs at least one car to a more money-saving one of using public transportation systems instead .
In this case the number of cars would of course decrease .
But I think it is more likely that other resources will be used to provide energy to run a car ( for example gas or electricity from renewable resources ) .
This would mean that there will be no considerable change in the number of used cars .

Another posibility is that due to the polution of our indespensable air the people 's awereness of their environment will increase .
This could possibly have the effet to make people think more sustainable about the question whether they need a car or not .
If people are aware of the causes polution has on our atmosphere they might be willed to find different - maybe more uncomfortable - ways of transportation .
But in my opinion I do not think that this mental change will take place - at least not in the next twenty year .

To sum it up , I think that the number of cars used is hardly going to change unless it gets either unaffordable for most people - so they are forced to use public transportations - or an awerness of our nature arouses in the peoples mind which makes them willed to benfit their environment not regarding their lose of comfort .
People come to life once so they might as well enjoy it as they live it .
Both the young and the old people enjoy life .
Some assume that young people enjoy life more than the older people do , in the contrary , some people think that old people would enjoy it more than the younger people as the time passes .
I totally agree with the first idea .
I think young people enjoy life a lot .

First of all , young people tend to have fitter body .
Many of the activities that young people do such as to go to clubs , dance like crazy or ride a horse cannot be done with an unfit body .
For example when I make a tennis match with my mother , she gives up after sometime .
I definitely beat her in every match because she does n't have that much energy .

In addition to this , younger people do have healthier bodies .
They can drink and eat without counting the calories .
They do n't have to think what would be bad for their calosterol or heart conditions .
Hence , young people would be able to go any restaurant or cafe , and enjoy the terrific part of life which is composed of eating and drinking .

The last but not least , since young people have n't experienced many things in life , they try new staff all the time .
For example I have n't done bungee-jumping before or have n't visited Japan .
Young people enjoy life by doing new and exciting things whereas older people have nothing great to do anymore in their lives .
Besides , young people tend to do more dangerous things than older people .
That 's because as a person gets older , he or she starts to think of dying .
Old people do n't want to die therefore they would n't try all the fun things in life which are most of the time more dangerous than the other things .

All in all , as I said before , young people enjoy life more than older people do because not only they have fitter and healthier bodies but also they have the courage to try new things and they do so .
The long and short of it all , although I would like the older people to enjoy their remaining time as much as the young generation , they do n't enjoy it and they ca n't enjoy it that much .
Rapid developement of car industry continues to supply cars to every organisation and company and even to every house in a country .
I believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years of time .
The reasons for the decreasing usage of cars could be that the cars are causing air and noise pollution , besides harming the worlds and countries natural sources .
And as the technology develops other types of transportation could be more commonly used .

As most of the big cities around the world encounter traffic problem , the cities have great air and noise pollution .
The population in a big city keeps growing with migrations .
The governments should develop solutions to the usage of so many cars .
As a best solution public transportation could be spread .
If public transportation is encouraged there will be less polution and less cars .

When the natural resources are taken in to account , if each individual has a seperate car then more and more fuel will be wasted .
The natural resoruces like fuel is becoming to an extinction problem .
In the future other new sources could be introduced to be used in cars enginees but extereme usage of cars will endanger these sources as well .
So the solution again will be usage of fewer cars .

Other than cars , there is airplanes , ships and trains that can be used for transportation .
As for far distances airplanes are announced to be easiest and safest way of travelling .
So in the future other types of transportations will probably become more commonly used .

In conclusion , there will be fewer cars used in twenty years time as need for cleaner air , keeping of resources and other transportaions will be
There are many products that seem to be too good to be true and I believe the influence of advertisements to create this image does not use the right or ethic procedure to achieve this goal .
For this reason I agree with the statement presented in this question .

As a Tourism Manager I know perfectly this situation by studing the case of Touristic Destinations ' plans of marketing .
In one hand , they usually offer an exotic and pristine place that invites you to go there and make use of this facilities : well-equipped resorts , horseback riding for lonely beaches and hiking in magical mountains , on the other hand , these plans omits crowdy beaches during high seasons , hotel rooms that do not have ocean views and so on .
We could mention thousands of examples of this situation .
For me this should be ruled more rigidly and lead to protect in a better way to consumers who are cheated for this advertisers .

In this virtual world where information goes faster and faster by internet , the idea of advertising is becoming sample , cheap and less ruled .
It is easy to see web sites showing marvelous hotels and resorts pictures and with just one click make a reservation that costs hundreds of dollars .
When we get there the reality is so far away we realize that the hotel is not in the location shown or at least does not have the features presented , we understand the picture did not show how many ads and signal everywhere it was possible to see , making our enjoyable destination as polluted as a capital city and making our frustation the most unforgettable of our vacations .
This is a typical case of making products seem much better than they really are .
As an example let 's take Ocean City Maryland in The United States , whoever going to the different websites offering this touristic destination can see the Atlantic Ocean as the perfect background for a nice trip , we make a reservation and finally get there , nobody told us about the vehicular congestion , visual pollution and the noise made for teenagers running their cars overspeed .
But that is , and there we are being part of a fraud as many other products that seem to be much better than they really are .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts .
Learning facts is just a metter of remembering details .
When knowing a fact is required , one can always go and check himself on a book .
Lots of book have been written with that purpouse and there are a lot of written materials which can be useful in order to check a date or a name or whatever .

The hardest thing is understanding the reasons why a certain fact has occured , the ideas that have brought to a specific event , the concept that lays under a certain episode .

I think that the fondamental issue is to teach the students to become confident with this process .
For example , once that a student is tought to understand and recognize the causes that have brought to the second world war , details about when where who and what can be left to several information that can be found in books .

On papers and other materials it is possiple to find a lot of informations about the mere facts and every time it is needed , one can go and check .
Students should be rather tought how to use these informations properly .
Ideas and concepts provide a frame in which it is then possible to orientate themselves , in order to give sense to things which has happened in the past , which occur in the present time or which could happen in the future .
We have to remenber that past can explain the present and somehow foretell the future as well .

If students learn how to collect ides and concepts from facts , they are then able to give a place to mere facts .
Well , I cannot denye that knowing facts and details do make sense itself and somehow it is also important for knowledge .
However I think that is not the primary thing .

First of all ideas and concepts are worthy to be understood , then details come .
So , in conclusion , I would like to outline again that understanding ideas and concepts is more important then learning facts .
I think that concepts are colse to the idea of model and system .
Facts are close to the idea of operations .
In this way , I think for students is more important to learn how models and system work than to have a detailed knowledge of the operations or facts .
Probably we can use an example to better explain my opinion .
For istance a student could know everything concerning art hystory : the art movements , the life of the main artists , chronological facts .
This knowlege is an important base to start a career as an artist but it is not sufficient .
I mean that to be a good artist the student should learn and understand the logic and the principles , important to produce creativity and art .
If the student 's intention si to become a painter , he need to understand the color system , the concept of composition , the rules how to evoke emotions and how to capture viewer 's attention .

I think that we can also use another example to present this point of view .
Schopenauer , the philosopher , said that it is not important to read the newspaper everyday in order to undesrtand the world , as well as it not imporatnt to read avery second on your watch to check the time .
In my opinion this is a brilliant example of the importance of synthesis and learning .
Facts are important to shape the reality , facts are also important as background for our learning .

On the other hand , ideas and concepts are important to create debates , new thoughts , new innovation and creativity .
Even if inspired by classic rules , ideas for example were at the base of the Renessaice , a movemnet wich means re-birth .

So , facts are mainly importnat to help students in finding the concepts behind them .
So fact are an iportnt sorces of information and inspiration but ideas are the key ingredients able to move the world and mankind ahed .
Young people surely enjoy life more than older people do .
There are various reasons to support this opinion .
Firstly , young people have more energy and vitality than older people who may suffer from various ailments and may become less physically active as they age .
Youth , with all its energy provides a chance for various adventures and possibilties .
This may be one of the reasons why younger people outnumber older ones in adventure sports and other thrilling and sometimes potentially dangerous fun activites .

Secondly , younger people may have lesser responsibilties than their older counterparts because of absence of dependents like spouse and children .
Hence they dont need to take many factors into account or compromise when doing or pursuing an activity or vocation of their choice .

Thirdly , young people have more opportunities and less obligations and are more inclined to venture into unexplored areas and innovate .
They may be ready to take calculated risks if it helps in their growth and advancement .
Though this may sound as being less responsible , but a person only grows when he moves out of his comfort zone .

Also , older people may be less flexible and less open to change even if it is for their own good .
While young people are open to new ideas and willing to try them .
The excitement , enthusiasm and openess to explore a young person brings to the table is unmatchable .

Hence , it can be averred that young people are able to enjoy life more than their older counterparts .
Else , why would everyone want to retain youth forever or why no one in this world ever wants to get older ?
I disagree with the opinion that there will be fewer cars in use that there are today .
At times when there is a severe crisis of energy from fossil fuels , new inventions for alternate energy are coming into being .
Use of CNG gas as an alternate fuel has already started in 3rd world countries .
Bio fuels are considered to be a nice alternative but all these fuel alternatives doesnt stop us from using a car ! .
Every mans dream nowadays is to possess a car of his wish irrespective of the fact that there is a growing concern about the environmental hazards caused by the vehicles exhaust gases .

Some countries are trying to reduce the individual usage of cars by improving their public transport facility .
At the same time corporates are busy in designing cars which are more sleek , fashionable and fast only to attract more customers .
With the increase in population and economy boosts i think the usage of cars keeps on increasing day by day .
Solar cars are coming a big way these days .
With the increase of science and technology , newer techniques to improve the efficiency , durability of cars are being discovered .
Developing countries like India and china with their booming economies might be responsible for an increased usage of cars in future .
Even though these countries doesnt possess enough knowledge base to produce more cars comprising of new technologies like solarfuels and biofuels , they might have the economic capacity to import the technology from countries like US and Europe .

Also with the increasing population and job opportunities people are very much concerned about the time factor .
Busy lives are forcing people to be very punctual .
Cars being a personal thing can be used at any time and comes in handy at the time of crisis .

So a person who wants to attend an important seminar would prefer a car instead of a public trasport system like a bus .
Hence i am of the opinion that the usage of cars keeps on increasing for the times to come .
Especially during the last few decades , there has been a considerable decrease in community work done by young people .
This results from many factors including the way community is seen , the moral values that changed over the years , and problems of young people of today , which prevent them from trying to become beneficial and effective members of the society .

In these modern times , individualism has become the essential motive that challanged all of humanity 's life style .
A modern person , man or woman , is completely independent from any binding social or communial groups , and although he/she might be involved with different levels of society , in the end , every man is for himself and we are not members of a group or society , but merely individuals who participate in certain events from time to time .
This way of life and thinking has caused young people to focus their energy to things that will be more beneficial for themselves , rather than their community .
They do not feel being a part of a community which can be enriched by their support , because they never see the existance of such a community which values all of its members .

Related to the change in the concept of community , moral values have also changed over time .
Chivalry is considered a thing of the middle ages , and selflessness is associated with being gullable .
Competition has been valued so much , being honorable , generous and giving has left its place to using any means leading to success as long as it is legitimate , and sometimes even challenging the law , by working around it , is seen as normal and wise .
In such an environment , expecting community work from young people which will gain them nothing , would be too optimistic .

Last of all , young people have lost their belief in rightiousness .
Current democracy does not empower its citizens , and bureucrocy discourages them .
With all the wars and ill-doings gong on in this world , young people feel lost and insufficient .
For someone to take any kind of action , he has to feel that he can make a difference , but our young people today lack the belief and confidence that their efforts can do any good to this world .
Man 's pursuit of technology has brought him in today 's world where everything designed and made by him gives an affirmation to the dreams he had sought for , the dream to live happily and comfortably .
In the light of that dream , and various cogent reasons , I disapprove of the statement mentioned in the topic .
We are certainly going to have more cars in use in twenty years from now , as we have now .

The question put up in the topic may be valid on two counts .
Firstly , becasue of the depletion of oil in earth 's reserves , fuel 's shortage could be a driving force of reduction in number of cars .
Secondly , the alarming rate at which the pollution is increasing may amount to a strict ban on the cars that emit harmful gases .
But both these reasons fail to assess the parameters completely they seek to build their case on .
The argument against these points is alternatives .

Neo-Malthusian economists beleived that increased use of natural resources will tend to increase their costs with time .
However , the famous Simon-Elrich wager in 1980 toppled that theory .
While Elrich said that prices of five natural resources ( which they selected ) is bound to decrease in ten years , Simon placed a bet that it would reduce .
The prices actually suffered a decline !
The simple reason is alternatives .
As society 's needs grow and resources fall short , various alternatives come up and keep the momentum alive .
In the similar vein , we can expect the cars running on alternative fuels rather than petroleum .
Billions of dollars , today , are spent on research on alternative sources of energy .
We even have countless cities where use of CNG ( compressed natural gas ) has replaced petrol as the fuel .
The advancements in technology are sure to pave way for the solar cars in future .
All this will experience a rise in the number of cars .

The same alternative fuels act as harmless substances to the atmpsphere , and amount to a reduction in the pollution .
It is imperative to mention here , that apportioned study of the air sample has suggested that most of the cities , the air pollution is caused more by the factories than by automobiles .
With the Kyoto Protocol in place , the countries have now decided and taken firm steps to curb pollution , not necessarily by removing vehicles plying on the roads , but by ensuring that they conform to the Euro III , Euro IV standards , and also checking the constituents of exhausts from factories .
With possibilities of more ore countries joining the Protocol , cars remain invulnerable .

The past also corroborates the fact that cars will increase .
The question of reduction in their number is not new , and even earlier , skeptics shared this viewpoint .
But data suggests that countries , especially after the globalisation and liberalisation , have suffered a dramatic rise in the number of cars in past few years , and researchers have predicted that because the purchasing power abilities of people in most countries is steadily increasing , production of cars is not going to cease .

The space is also not a problem .
With the advent of newer mechanisms of building high rise buildings with parkings at the basements and also the construction of various flyovers on top of the other , assures that man is ever thinking and persevering individual , who works hard and keeps his inventions alive .

The rise in the love for automobiles , whether in the form of Formula 1 racing or automobile engineering , constantly over the years , is going to ensure that new cars with newer designs and comfort levels continue plying in the streets .
When we live in the information superhighway , transportation remains crucial point of improvisation .
In this view , if we need to pace ourselves with the fast moving world , we need to save time and act modern .
Giving arguments against the technological developments that eare impending is belittling our own selves .
We must look at the bright side of the picture .
The cars today , have impregnated into the very social fabric of people , and it has become inalienable part of their lives .
Separation of cars from humanity is very difficult , given the fact that it has become a necessity rather than just an accessory .
Coming time will witness a surge in the number of cars , whose concept , design and power will outweigh the ones that we have today .
In the past , scientists used to specialize in a specific subject and keep going deeper and deeper in this subject .
Nowadays many scientist try to learn more than one subject .
For example , biologests try to learn more physics and chemistry .

I totally agree with this .
Science has many branches and these branches may interact with each other very often .
If a chemist wanted to make a new midicine he has to know something in biology .
otherwise , he will not be able to make this midicine .
The same thing goes with physics and biology .

By studying more than one subject and trying to apply one subject in another one , scientists can make big devolopments in different field of science .
New branches of science has been discovered by combining to or more branches of scinece together .
Biochemistry is an example of those new branches .
Biochemistry is giving a big contribution in the frield of midicine .
Moreover , making new midical devices and artificial organs need knowledge in biology and physics together .

Specializing in on subject only will , definitly , narrow the contribution of the scientist to the society .
Contributing as much as they can to the society is the scientists goal .
Thef can have better chances of reaching their goals if the combined the knowledge of different fields of science .

I also think that a scientist can speacialize in one subject and he can also learn something from the other branches of science .
If this scientist worked with another scientist who has another field of speciality , they together can make larger contributions to the scociety .
Working in groups and uniting the knowledge is very helpful in devoloping the different feilds of science .
Successful people in the history became famous and successful because they invented new things or they found out something that no one knew .
Those people did not just do it because they were very intelligent but their eager to experiment and really putting their ideas to action help them become successful and famous .
If one try new things , he will have more chance to find something new that will help the world to become better place which means successful .

Thomas Edison , inventor of light bulb , was very curious boy so he would be all over the place trying wierd things that no one every tried .
For example , one day his mom found him in their barn on the hays where chichens lay their eggs .
So his mom asked him was he was doing and he said he was keeping the eggs warm for the chicken .
That was the start of his curiousness .
He would try everything to solve his questions .
So he found the light bulb and the reputation made him successful and famous .

In the recent time , Steven Jobs , owner of the Mac , is one of the example who became famous by trying new things and taking the risks .
When he was in high school he was not interested in studying but he enjoyed working with machines .
So in young age , he started working with machines and computers .
His friend and Jobs tried to make their own computer but they could not get the perfect one in first time but taking a risk of getting money and criticisms from people around they finally made a personal computer .
So they named it Apple .
They are now very well known for making first personal computers .
Jobs still try to make his company better by taking ristks like trying totally different things like iPod .
In 21st century , new and creative is more affective than ` stick to what we had ' idea .

Successfulness does not only happen in technological field but also in fashion industry .
Coco Chanel is well-known designer from Europe .
One of the reason she became so famous is that she actually took risk and tried new style in women 's daily wears .
About 40-50 years ago , womens never thought about wearing pants or suits since it was more of men 's thing but Coco Chanel actually invented pants suit for women to wear .
It was a big sensation during that time for women to wear pants .
But women during that time felt that just by wearing pants made them feel less seperated from the society and less valued .
Chanel could have failed totally because the idea of women wearing pants could not have been accepted but she took the risk and actually made it happen .
If she did not tried new idea , I will be wearing big puffy dress now .

Taking risk and trying new things could hurt you if you do not succeed but succeeding will not happend when you try new things .
Coco Chanel in fashion industry , Steven Jobs in computer industry , Thomas Edison in light bulb industry , they all succeed and became famous because they tried new ideas and new things and also took risk of failing .
Without trying , there is no chance given to you to become successful .
In our world , advertisements are maybe everywhere , and therefore our lives are strongly influenced by this form of communication .
I think that very often advertisements try to present a product in such a way that it seems better than it really is .
This can be done in many ways .

For example , last year I had to change my car and I saw the commercial of a very cheap and beautiful car at the TV : I suddenly falled in love with it .
When I saw this car in my city , I discovered that the appealing of the real car was very different from the appealing of the car in the commercials , and obiously I changed my opinion about this product .
The * real * car was tiny , and not very pretty .

Sometimes , commercials triy to ameliorate a product by other methods : for example , the advertisement of an expensive product could not speak about the price of this product .
Or the commercial of an experimental product , could not metion that ( important ! )
fact : in my Country , a few years ago , it has been a case of this type , concerning the sell of a diet drink which were not completely tested .

I guess that the strategy of commercials that try to ameliorate a product is logical , in a strictly economical sense .
In fact , the purpose of the advertisements is to push a person to buy some product .
But , since I am a person , I think that this strategy is cynical and sometimes sordid .

I guess that if commericials were made honestly and carefully , then they could become a very useful and quick way to learn about new products .
Advertisements could be , in this case , a source of informations for every person , because they 're everywhere and they 're easy to understand .

But if a person knows that very often advertisements make a product much better than it really is , then this person could not consider commercials as a source of nice and simple informations .
This person will be diffident , and - as an intelligent person - he/she will not be too much influenced by commercials .
The world has changed drastically since the invention of cars .
They have made life a lot easier than it used to be .
And even though their usage has raised certain environmental concerns , it is my belief that the number of cars used by people will actually increase over the next twenty years .

First of all , it is an established fact that the world population is increasing .
More and more people are populating the earth , and many of those people will need to buy a car at a certain point in their life .
For example , parents who have just had a new baby might in twenty years , or even sooner , make the decision to buy their son or daughter a car if they can afford it .

In addition to that , the prices of cars are no longer as high as they used to be ; one can find cars that fit almost anyone 's budget .
Payment facilitations also play an important role , so that you can buy a car now and pay for it in monthly installments at competitive interest rates .

And let us not ignore the fact that there are people in the world that have a lot of money to spare and like to follow the latest trends .
So they tend to buy the latest Mercedes or BMW models , or even both !

To sum up , there are many factors that might lead to an increase in the number of cars available for use by people .
Whether they are social factors having to do with the increasing number of people inhabiting this earth , or financial factors that have made it easier for midlle class citizens to buy their own cars .
But the question remains , what effect will that have on our environment ?
That should be our main concern .
The statement given makes a strong assertion , that we will see fewer cars on the roads twenty years from now .
This is a statement I disagree with and I will illustrate my rationale now .

Let us look at the possible grounds for this statement .
Petroleum , the current source of fuel for cars , is already facing the prospect of stock depletion .
Faced with ever-increasing demand ( ironically because of the increasing number of cars , among other vehicles ) oil prices have already touched 70 dollars a gallon ( a very considerable amount ) .
With fuel prices this high , how much longer can people afford to buy and use cars ?

Also a very pertinent issue is the alarming-level of pollutants that cars spew out .
Marked environmental changes like increasing health risks in Shangai City ( a study done very recently , in early 2006 ) , have finally brought more and more environmental lobbies and even corporations to sit up and ake notice .
With cars being one of the major sources for such pollution ; how long can they continue ?

The final potential nail in the venerable car 's tombstone might be very real , very visible , very pragmatic issue of space !
With cities ever increasing , cars are literally clogging the arteries of organised urban existance : the roads .
I have observed this in all the cities I have lived in so far : From Hyderabad to Mumbai to Guwahati in India ; From Frankfurt to Mainz to Paris and Amsterdam in Europe .
This problem is just as , if not more pronounced in US metropolises like New York or even Detroit .
With this being the case , how much longer can people even possibly drive cars ?

That is the present situation ; but its not a dire one .
Man , being the persistent , ever innovating construct that he is , is very really circumventing these very issues .
Petroleum is increasing in cost ; yes .
But no longer is petroleum the only viable source of fuel for cars .
Already , new sources of fuel ; from hydrogen cells to solar energy : from nuclear energy to most importantly , electrical energy are being harbored as sources of fuel for cars .
In my institute of study , a lot of work is being done on this very issue and we especially look at the Protius in the US or the smart cars in Japan , where Petroleum is no longer used .
With such potentially limitless new fuels ; cars are still going to live on .

Another fantastic characteristic of these new fuels is their harmony with nature ; the lack of any real threats to our environment .
This only reinforces their role as pragmatic lifeblood for the automobile .

The roads today are being choked up ; yes .
But what are we doing ? , we 're building more .
Its amazing to note that the top 10 civil engineering marvels of the modern age are either road networks , or bridges ( like the one at Shanghai airport ) .
We are countering this threat of traffic in new and wonderful ways .

A lot can happen in twenty years , but certainly not as much as this statement asserts .
Frankly , when I was a kid , I thought we would actually be living like the Jetsons now : but thats obviously not the case .
Before a day dawns when we buckle under the weight of our own contrivances ; before a day dawns when urban networks utterly degenerate into bedlam because of critical mass ; man will most certainly have contingency upon contingency .
Maybe a time will come when cars are no longer pragmatic at all .
But not within twenty years .

As the points I have made above assert ; I truly believe that cars will still remain on the roads twenty years from now .
IMPORTANCE OF UNDERSTANDING IDEAS AND CONCEPTS TO LEARNING THE FACTS

Yes , I do agree with the statement that ideas and concepts are more to be stressed upon than learning the facts .

The `` ideas '' are ones individual 's .
And `` concepts '' are formed on the basis of the depth of research on a topic or a statement .
Concepts are the basic and easiest way to approach any diversity of topics .
It helps to comprehend the subtle nuances conveyed in the text .
Once formed they cannot be shifted into a new frame unless otherwise proved through years of regular study .
As an example Newton gave three theories of motion after proved and approved by other scientists also .
Einstein thought why an apple falls on the Earth downwards from the top of a tree .
He did not accept this as a fact but worked on it and improvised a mathematical approach to it .
It was an idea that was hitting his mind and at last he came over with a genuine proof for it . ''
Ideas give birth to new inventions '' .
It is best said by some body .
It is just important that how seriously we study on the topic and how far we prove them to be correct in a more logical way .

Learning facts is least important .
It is simply getting the things into your heads without giving a thought to it .
It is called `` cramming '' .
Yes , one must be aware of the facts but reasoning is equally important .
One must not learn but abserve them , analyse them and reason them so hat the same previously learnt concep can be applied without any panick .

Ideas and concepts are the basis to learning the newer and inventing the newer technologies .
Facts can be created as many times as we desire from its basic root .
The beautiful boulevard of life is full of new experiences that further forms the learning or a concept .
Just enjoy the new experiences giving a logical thought to it .
I agree with the statement because I think that young people have more opportunities in life .
Three major points convince me that life as a young person has more to offer .
At first the body of young people allows much more stress , thereby offering the possibility for various activities .
For example you can enjoy most sports and other leisure activities without endangering yourself physically .
You are also sound enough to travel for a longer time like for example flying to far away continents whereas you might not be able to do that anymore from a specific age on because of medical problems such as a low blood pressure .

As a second point life as a young person offers numerous options for your future both in social and professional view .
You may have dates and can search for the boy or girl of your dreams unless you have not met a marriage partner yet .
Additionally you can choose the career that suits your personal preferences and even more important , you might try out more than one profession because of your young age .
These various choices may make you feel happy because you can look forward to your future .

The last very important point is that you do not have so much responsibility while being young .
As an older person you might have to care for a family or employees , this may generate stress and makes you dependant to certain places or people .
When you are young , you might move to another city or even country more easily .
You are also allowed to make mistakes because you have time to try it again and grow with the challenge .
Not everything that you do has to be reasonable , for example buying an expensive car or having a dangerous hobby like parachuting or whitewater-rafting .

I am certain that young people enjoy life more than older people do because of their advantages like good health , many options and less responsibilties to take care off .
Some successful people try to do new things and take risks whereas others do n't .
I can really understand these people who take risks , because everyone wants to make a bigger profit even if he or she already has a great income and additionally , life would be too boring if taking no risks and not making any changes .

If I was the successful owner of , for example , a big medical company and I 've already had a lot of success and have made a good profit , why should I stop taking risks to earn much more money ?
In my opinion , it would be the best to get my medical company to be the best medical company in the world .
I and all of my employees would profit from that .
We could , for instance , event a new medicine and would try to sell this product .
And if it works well everything would be fine and if not nothing bad would happen , because I 'm already successful and I 've already earned enough money for me and my family .
Hence taking risks is not very hazardous for a successful person .
In addition , if this successful person would n't take any risks anymore his life would be completely boring .
I believe that everyone must love his or her job and should enjoy his or her job .
But there would n't be any fun when taking no risks and the job of a successful person would be rather boring .
Considering me as the owner of a company , I could try to work on other fields or abroad , maybe even in another department .
Indeed , these changes are riskful , but thus my job would n't be boring anyway and it 's probable that I would enjoy my job .
Another important aspect is that sometimes you need to take risks and make changes not only for your own advantage , but also for the advantage of others .
I could , for instance , try to spend a lot of money of my imaginary company for medical research .
Actually , it 's possible that I would spend that money of my company for nothing .
But nevertheless , I have done the best , because I 've tried to help others who are ill and maybe also poor .
I can afford spending all of that money , because I as the owner of the company would be rich and would n't suffer hard when wasting some money when trying to help others .

In conclusion , I think that successful people should take risks , because otherwise their job would have been boring and they can also afford wasting money .
For me success means profiting from my doing .
For example when I take a final exam in a University class I want to succeed .
I normally choose courses refering to my interests and also to my abilities .
Of course I want to be challenged by the topics , I want to learn new things in class but I also do n't want to be overchallenged .
Finally I choose a `` medium path '' .
Some risk in combination with some facts that make me feel safe .

I can choose the medium path with taking in account two factors : The special situation and my well-being .
To the first facor I think that the situation should decide whether I go for a risk or not because it tells me how much I can profit from a doing and how much the doing will be challenging .
For example when I get the chance to talk in front of an audiance about a for me very unknown topic and I could win a sholarship with the talk , I would rather take the risk then stay at home .
The talk then does not only mean a risk for me - it also means a challenge in that situation .

The second and very important factor is my personal Character and my trait profile .
Am I an axious person ?
How do i feel in unknown situation ?
Do I like risky and dangerous situations ?
And how are my exoeriences with risk ?
If I only have had good experiences with risk I will be more self confident and will succeed with a higher probability .
But if I am forced to take a risk I won ' t feel good and the success wo n't be reachable that easily .

In summarize I think success and risk depends on an interaction of situation , personality and experiences .
Some successful people may have often tried out risky things .
Others probably took a less risky way and succeeded .
Travelling is one of the most exiting things in the world .
However , it is not possible to travel everyday in one 's entire life because of both time and money constrains .
Therefore , in one of the rare occations that a person travels , it is important to plan the trip in the most enjoyable way .
While some people prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide , I prefer to travel alone or with only family members or friends .
Below , I will discuss the reasons behind my preference .

It is true that when you go to a new city or country , you need someone to take you around an show you what famous sceneries are in the city .
However , these may not be the places that I would want to look at .
Everyone is so unique in the world , so everyone has different interest .
What the tour guide shows me may represent the preferenc of the majority , but it may not be my preference .
Therefore , when I travel , I would prefer to do my own research on the city , so that I will know what I like about the city or country and go visit these interested places .
Moreover , this way can make me know the visited city more .

On top of the different interests people may have , travelling time is another problem that may arise when you are travelling with a group led by a tour guide .
It is simple to illustrate this point .
To a tour guide , it is a job to take you around the city , so he will only work during his working hour which is usually from 8 am to 5 pm .
However , to me , travelling is one of the rare treats that I have , so I would like to make it as enjoyable and long as possible .
I would not like to go back to the hotel at 5 o'clock and go to bed .
Instead , I would like to explore how the city is like at night or after the tour guide 's working hour , but I cannot just ask the tour guide to work overtime .

Besides different interests among people and difficult scheduling of travel time , privacy is another main reasons that I would like to travel without a tour guide .
In some occations , travelling is a chance to spend some private time with partner , family , or friends .
Therefore , it is not always comfortable to travel with a tour guide .

Travelling is such a nice treat to any one , so making it interesting , flexable in scheduling and private is crucial .
Therefore , I would prefer not to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
I disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Rather , I am of the opinion that it is better to specialize in one subject than to have a broad overview of different academic subjects .

Having a broad knowledge would give an individual a superficial understanding of different topics which he may not be able to put to effective use for the society .
Specializing in a field gives greater insight into the particular field and an individual can explore further and create new wealth of information .
This way he would be contributing to the society and the civilization .

Different academic subjects base themselves on different concepts and it would also consume more time of the individual in trying to get a grasp of the fundamentals of different academic subjects .
We can draw water from a well only by selecting a right place and by continuing digging at that point rather than by starting digging at different locations .
Similarly , an individual would be more productive if he spends the same amount of time in exploring a single subject and specializing in it .

A civilization needs new ideas to advance itself .
Looking at the collective , if everyone tries to gain a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we would all the sustaining only on the information wealth created already and there would not be any improvement in the status quo .
To futher itself , the society has to have different individuals specializing in different subjects , exploring the new topics in their specialization and create or discover new information for futher generations .
When an image of future world comes to mind , do you think that future cars are going to fly in the sky instead of driving on the ground ?
As far as I am concerned , there will be fewer cars than those of people imagine that will appear in the sky due to the following reasons .

First of all , there will be fewer cars in the future because the possible depletion of oil has alarmed people to explore other resources to replace mobiles that consume a great deal of oil each day .
Since the crisis of exhausting oil is around the corner , people nowadays are more eager to look for other resources that can replace the oil-consuming vehicles , or people just use oil-free transportation to achieve the goal of saving energy , like bycicling to work .
Due to the fact that everybody has a concern about energy shortage , people will gradually decrease the amount they drive right now and the cars they produce and buy in the future .

Secondly , to solve the problem of oil shortage , governments will put more emphasis on the development of public transportation .
For example , Taipei , the city where I grew up , has become more convenient due to its public transportation , the MRT transportation system .
Since the MRT can easily take people to to any corner of Taipei city with less time , why should people spend time whining in cars during traffic jams or zigzaging on roads ?
Hence , i believe that people will less motivated in the future to drive or even to buy a car .

To summarize , a highly well-developed public transportation will be every government 's first choice to explore in the future .
If all can well utilize the public transportation , our descendents will no longer to brook the pollution caused by cars .
Although it must be said that there are young people who do n't care about their community , I think that , in general , new generations are keen on helping their towns and do it in a variety of ways .

There are many young boys and girls who spend a lot of their time working for the poor and the disadvantaged .
For example , in my country there are several associations that recruit personnel to drive ambulances and one of my best friends , who has a very demanding and time-consuming job , works there without compensation at least once a week .

Another friend of mine spends every Sunday serving meals to poor people in a church , and he often tells me that performing this service for the benefit of his community is very rewarding for him .

But there are also other ways to help people ; skilled professionals can be of great help in certain areas .
A classmate of mine , who graduated from a medical school , is now part of an association called `` Doctors without boundaries '' that sends doctors around the world to help poor communities in less developed countries .

She was sent to Africa and provided medical assistance to many people .
I think that a person like her is a clear sign that young people are willing to help the others and therefore can be relied upon to become active members of our communities .

In fact , if a young doctor is willing to help people in a remote country , one can be sure that she will be much more keen on contributing to the well being of her community .

As for myself , I try to get involved in pro bono activities , too .
Since I am a lawyer , I was able to spend the past two years assisting poor clients who were involved in various kinds of litigations without charging them .
So , the examples I see around me are , in my opinion , eloquent signs that younger generations are not less willing to help others in their communities than older ones .
I absolutely disagree with this statement .
Why should enjoying life be based on age ?
Sure , young children have a lot of fun playing around and laughing about simple things and just enjoying mostly everything they do but I also know a lot of older people that still enjoy their life very much .
A good example are my grandparents .
They are almost 80 years old and are happier than ever .
They had to start working really hard when they were teenagers .
Both of them worked almost all the way up to their 65th birthdays .
They have 4 sons together , so you can imagine that it cost a lot of time and work to raise the children .
Now , the sons are adults and already have families themselves .
My grandparents are retired now , so their hard work life is over and they can just enjoy life .
Their usual day includes long walks through the Nature and spending a lot of time with friends and family .
They have a nice hobby : Bowling .
Every Thuesday afternoon they meet with other people at the same age in a bowling center near their house and just enjoy bowling and talking to good friends .
They often come over to my parents ' house on the weekends .
Sometimes the whole family , including all 4 sons and all their grandchildren meets there and we sit together and have coffee and cake .
My grandparents have so much they enjoy .
Last yaer they even made a lifelong dream of them come true , they went on a vacation to the swiss alps .
They spent 2 wonderful weeks there .
They took tours along the mountains , had a picknick in between a very nice land scenery .
After they came back and told us all about the trip we almost got a little jealous .
They were so excited and now they are even planning to go back there next year .
So you see older people enjoy life just as much as young people , maybe sometimes even more .
The most efficient method of learning cen be debatable but on one point all methods that were produced has the common feature of teaching the main ideas and concepts to students .
If one learns the way , the process of problem solving , he can also create , introduce or experiment new solving methods or new solutions .

For a student of architecture or design , if he can learn how to cope with the idea of design , including not stealing or not reproducing , he can manage create his own item and express it whether it is liked or not .
He can have the courage if he learns the concept behind the designing process .

In a social field , for example in sociology , the strudent 's main aim is to learn the ideas and the concepts instead of the facts .
The history behind the thinkers or the idea makers should be studied in order to understand the philosophy of these people .
If a sociolog had learnt these main ideas he can also have a chance to make his own research with the available methods and introduce his own thoughts .
Unless a sociolgy student does not know the ideas and the concepts , just the facts does not mean anything alone and does not lead a student to an approvable research .

For an engineer student the fact also means just the result of a problem but it has no meaning if he does not know the process of the experiment .
The aim and the method of an experiment are the ideas and the concepts of engineering .

The facts are like the results of any disicpline it is like a finished building .
Wheter it is a social science or an applied science the theories including ideas and concepts are the main bricks to be built first .
Instead of these bricks one can not hold a building even if it was built , depending on false structures .
With the help of the internet , transportations and communication techniques , people are getting closer and closer from the viewpoint of space and time .
As a result , we cannot help intereacting each other very deeply every day .
Therefore , I support the idea that specializing in one specific subject is better than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects because the former is preferable in this competitve world .
It will enhance people 's competitiveness and make people richer

First , more and more people are competing each other in this rat race .
It is because we are living in a global age which connects us to other people across the nation .
It means that we have to compete with more people than ever .
Accordingly , without concentration on one area , we cannot win the race .
For examle , ` Baskin Robins 31 ' , my favorite icecream brand got a lot of popularity in my country .
It is because that it specializes in one item , icecream .
As a result , it provides customers with a variety flavors .

In other words , speciality improves the competitiveness .

Second , specialty also brings more money to people who succeed in paying attention to a specific field .
These days , it is often reported that experts , wherever they work , get paid a lot more .
It is because that they are such specialist that they know kind of ` know-how ' and creative idea in certain field compared with aveage people .
This illustrates that specialty make people more lucrative .

All things considered , It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in on specific subject .
I agree with the statement which says that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Typically , young people are healthier and thus they have more opportunity to pursue different activities like bungee jumping , parasailing , gliding and others which provide a stimulation and a difference to the usual routine of the lives of people .

Young people are also not usually weighed down with the responsibilites of family life .
Thus they are able to go on adventures and undertake risky projects with complete enthusiasm and lack of fear .
Climbing Mount Everest , going on a jungle safari ride , going racing with friends on cars are some of the activities that older people are scared to undertake as they get on in life .

When people are young , say in college , they usually have a gang of friends with whom pursuing different activities becomes a lot of fun .
But as time goes on , they get married and have children .
Slowly they start losing contact with their college friends and it no longer becomes possible to go on trips as happy-go-lucky bachelors .
Now if they go on trips , they do so with their family and this gives a totally different and more serious outlook compared to going with friends .

When young , people are not concerned a lot about saving money .
So they do n't mind spending money and going on trips frequently .
But older people realize that trips are not essential , but providing for the future of the family is .
So they decide to restrict their activities and spend only on what is essential and save the rest for the future .

Finally one can say that a person is only as old as he thinks he is .
So if a person thinks he is young in mind , he can have fun no matter what the age .
It 's the attitude of the person that counts when you want to have fun , not the actual number of years you 've lived on earth !!

All these reasons thus support the view that the younger you are , the more fun you can have !
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are two reasons .
First , young people nowadays tend to be raised to be more self-centered in capitalistic places .
They are being told , either directly or indirectly , that fulfilling personal desires or achieving personal gains is more important than helping communities .
In capitalistic places , people emphasize more about their personal abilities and achievements rather than their sense of devotion and caring to a larger group other than their companies .
Although our school systems and communities try to send out the opposite messages , individual competition and the collapse of the sense of cooperation are on the winning side .
Second , young people today are raised to be more spoiled .
They get what they want eaiser .
They are more indulged in their personal comforts and pleasures .
Many of them may consider helping communities a waste of time .
They may think , `` What would helping communities do me any good ?
That wo n't necessarily make my report cards or resumes look good .
Who cares about community service certicates ?
Besides , I will get more fun to hang around in a mall and eat ice cream with my friends ! ''
In my opinion , the most inner reason that they see no points of helping their communities is because they are not used to helping and giving , but more to receiving .
Nowadays , parents who raise children tend to ask less but give more and more easily .
When people start to raise fewer children , they make their only or few children the queens and kings of the families .
Modern parents ' indulgence creates more selfish and indifferent children , which is harmful to our communities and society .
I agree with the statement which says that the most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Although there are some legal rules for advertisements to prevent it from being advertized with wrong information , there still are some problems .

For example , when you were to do online shopping , you can easily find some products which are advertized completely different from they actually are .
Once I bought a necklace online from a store in other country and when I received it , I was very surprised how different it was from what I thought from the website advertisement .
I am sure that many other people must have experienced this kind of situation .
I think this online shopping example clearly shows that many products are overly advertised to seem much better than actual product .
When you do the online shopping , all you depend on is their advertisement and maybe its picture .
Sometimes pictures show only the good angle of the product which attracts buyers .

Even the advertisement on TV have the same problem sometimes .
TV advertisements for food products are one of the example .
Usually , when they advertise about their food products , they would not say the food does not taste good or they are ok to eat .
They always have to show that the food product tastes very good .
You see a advertisement of a food product and you expect it to taste good from the impression of the TV commercial but sometimes when you actually eat the food product , you think ' It does not taste as good as I thought !! '
.
I think it shows the fact that those advertisement on TV makes the products seem much better than they are often times .

It would not be an advertisement if it makes you an impression that the product is not good , but I think that they should at least not let the buyers to surprise a lot .
They should either produce better products or not to advertise them at all .
I believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The essay will demonstrate the reasons for this First , fuel sources available to us are limited .
Petroleum takes millions of years to be produced from natural sources .
The rate at which fuel is being consumed across the world will soon result in a shortage of petroleum .
The low supply vis-a-vis increased demand will result in higher fuel prices , making it unaffordable for the common man .

Second , there is an increased environment consciousness among the people .
Petroleum drilling can cause many accidents , like burst pipelines , leakages etc. , that have many side effects on the environment .
Also , in countries where pollution norms are not strict , there is a danger of global warming as a result of pollution .
Awareness of environment factors might make people rethink about modes of transport .

Third , public transport is very developed in some parts of the world , and being increasingly invested in in other regions .
There is hardly any city in the world where efficient and well-planned public transport does not encourage people to use it .
Therefore , when public transport is fully developed , many people will use it to save themselves the hassle of a daily commute in cars .

Fourth , trends in the workplace are changing .
Many organizations are encouraging their employees to work from home .
This changed pattern in the workplace will automatically reduce the number of cars on the road .

Lastly , though many alternative fuel sources have been developed , none of them have proved to be viable or successful .
Take the example of hybrid cars that use electricity - despite the government tax subsidies , the cars do not have enough sales .
The reason for this is that the cost of development is so high it does not offset government subsidies .

Therefore , the reasons why there might be fewer cars in use twenty years later are unaffordability of fuel , increased environment consciousness , development of public transport , changing trends in the workplace and failure of alternative sources of fuel .
To predict the future has always been a difficult task or at least a task that requires either a great deal of imagination or a deep knowledge of science and of its actual developments .
Therefore what I can do now is a simple hypothesis based on my personal experience and on what I read on the newspapers .

Basically I think that the statement is correct and that it is very likely that in the future man will use less cars then nowadays .
This is for several reasons .

First , as the problem of air pollution will increase , new technologies will be discovered in order to make the problem less urgent and hopefully to solve it .
I would therefore imagine that instead of cars others means of transportation could be used .
For instance , small airplanes fueled by hydrogen .

Second , the actual trend goes in the direction of reducing the time in doing things in general and in moving from a place to an other in particular .
It is a common experience in the life of each of us the morning traffic jams in which we get stuck .

Third , probably in the long run it will decrease the need to phisically moving in order to fullfill ceirtain tasks .
The movements will be in the ` virtual world ' instead that in the real one .
In other words , Internet , connecting people who live in different parts of a country , will dramatically decrease the need of transportation .
In fact , it is something that it is already happening .

Summarizing what I am trying to express , there are both reasons of health and pratical necessity that will lead to a situation of less cars and this will be made possible and affordable throught technology .
I would have to say that I agree with the statement : `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' and here is why :
When you are young ( I would say under 35 ) you have more energy to go around , you definitively have less commitments and responsabilites ( family or work ) , than when you are old , ( over 35 ) you are more of a free spirit .
Please allow me to explain my ideas with some examples .

When I mean you have more energy to go aroung , I am talking about vitality and being in shape , it would not be as easy or comfortable to climb a mountain and camp outdoors when you are in your twenties , when your body is tone and strong .
than when your are in your fifties even if you stay in shape , there is always the risk of a heart attack or other conditions that normally appear with age .
And things that seemed okey before may be uncomfortable or even dangerous now .

As for the commitments and responsabilites , I gravitate towards family and work .
To me these two are the center of my life .
I could not do the things I did in my twenties now that I have a family to support and I am tied with a mortgage and credit card bills .
So I guess I would call this the `` settled life factor '' , which could be pretty tight in both spheres but more manageable when young .

Finally , I belive that when you are young , you are more willing to take risks , go for adventures and take chances as you go .
As people mature they some how change their ways , and settle for something secure which I would translate into a calm life , with much of the enjoyment used already or waiting to be `` used '' during vacation times , maybe once a year .
And as I have heard people say : If I did n't do that when I was young I do n't think I could do it now .
Yes , I do agree with the quoted statement .
I think success is connected to new things and risks .
As an example you can regard the opening a new business .
If you want to found a company or a new business , you have to take several risks .
First of all you do not know whether your potential customer will like or accept your offered product or serivce .
But you have to invest captial in order to be able to offer your goods .
Of course there is the risk of losing this invested money , if your articles are not requested on the market .
On the other hand , it may lead to success and it will pay off serval times .
Another aspect is the innovation of your business .
You must be better than your compeditors to be succesful .
New products by inventions or imporvements are a must to survive on the market .
A favourable price and quality is also a strategy to reach your targets of success .
A succesful company lays its focus on innovation .
As a matter of fact you must offer something , that your compeditors are not able to .
This can be a new product .
But not only from the perspective of a company but also as a succesful employee you must provide your target group , who ever that is , with something new that other cannot offer .
As I have mentioned before , this takes work and investments before , which may not be paid off directly .
But that is the risk of success .
A too high degree of security does not permitt competition .
I think competition will lead to the highest degree of performance in total .
I can understand why people fear taking this risk because they depend on a direct income , but you should always try to experience new things and try new methods .
The first one with somthing fresh and new has a small number of compeditors and low competition .
If it is requested what you are offering , it will lead you to success .
When I was younger , I was not good at mathmatics .
Then my parents recommended me to go to a place where I can study for math more .
According to the experience in my past , I strong ly agree with the statement that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts for students .
The reasons why I think so are understanding ideas and concepts helps to memorize easily and it makes me be ready to solve more complicatied problems .

First of all , I can memorize the elements easier when I can understand ideas and concepts .
understanding ideas and concepts means what I learn becomes my knowledge .
For example , I went to a place to learn math when I was a child .
Then my instructor taught me how a formula was made .
Every formula has an original partern .
So I just remember several basic formulas and then I can get different formulas by myself with the basic formulas .
Usually teachers recommend students to memorize every single formula as if they are all facts we have to learn .
However , my instructor showed a process how formulas are made .
The behavior lead me to understand ideas and concepts of formula .
Therefore , understanding makes the amount of momerizing .

Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts gives me more flexible comprehension when I have a more complecated problem .
For example , as math problems , there are different levels of problems .
And for tough questions , sometimes I ca n't solve tough question with basic ideas .
In that situation , it does n't work to learn facts because I need more creative and flexible solutions for the tough questions .
At the time , as my instructor did for me , if I understand ideas and concepts of math , it will be much easier to creat new ways as solving the problems .

As my conclusion , it is more importand and acutually more effective for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts because stuents are required more creative thoughts .
Facts cannot change anything because facts are already complete .
That 's why it is a fact .
However , understanding is
Cars are an effective and convinient means of transport that can be owned by the individual person .
In future , although the cars may become totally different from what they are right now but in no way there number is going to decrease surely not in the time frame of the coming twenty years .

Cars are not only the means of transport they are passion of an individual .
They also give a sense of independence and a feeling of increased social status to the people .
Also no one wants to depend on the public transport systems beacuse it is not so reliable , it may improve over the time period of 20 years to a great extent but still the problem of waiting for the bus or train and going to the station to catch them will still remain .
Having an own car gives the person the freedom to go anywhere at anytime , while such a facility is unlikely to be introduced in the public transportation system even after twenty years .

Another reason as to why the number would n't decrease is because the price of the cars are reducing rapidly and such a decrease in price may open the new customer bases the so called ` middle class ' who are not able to buy it earlier and thus the number of cars may actually increase to a large extent .
The increase in standard of living of the people will also contribute to this effect .

The main reason that people predict the downfall of cars is because they use petrol and since petrol is limited and it 's prices are soaring a new high all the time , people predict that the running costs will eventually be so high that they will prohibit the buying of the cars .
But the new technological advances in the field of car designing negates all such views .
The car makers are rapidly progressing in designing new cars that burn less fuel per litre .
Also cars that can run on alternate energy sources like electricity , hydrogen and solar power are being developed .
The amount of efforts that are put in this research makes us to believe that we will definitely overcome these problems in the coming years .

In sum , the number of cars in the coming years may actually witness a large increase because of the new technological advances .
The current form of the cars may change , there might be more hybrid cars , cars runnig on elctricity and solar energy , but the passion of cars and the sense of freedom it provides will continue to encourage more and more people to buy cars .
I do n't agree with the following statement : `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . ''
I believe that they are in fact investing more time into supporting their communities that their predecessors did .

To raise a few specific reasons regarding this point , they are as follows :

First , thanks to political maturity and stability in Korea , most of the Korean students are not involved in the wild student movements any more .
They purely think about their academic affairs and building whole character through helping those who are in needs .
For example , it is often noted that many young stuedents visit the homeless people in the vicinity of their schools and provide food and some medicines .

Second , the higher educational institutions like universities and colleges restarted the education of theory and the practice of ethical education .
These school authorities specifically have developed and initiatied multiple ` Community Support Programs ' , and are encouraging their studednts to actively participate in them .

Third , the strength of the students ' community support activities are in that the students can enjoy sufficient time to help the communities during their regualr vacations in summer and winter .
Moreover , many of thier parents and their school authorities are not sparig any financial assistance for the people .

Fourth , from a systematic approach , it is very clear that almost all lower and higher educational institutions throughout the country are focusing on graduating students of whole character .
It is known that the students are , to some extend , required to plan and carry out their respective community support activities during the summer and winter vacations .
Also , as a matter of course , the school authorities give credits to them .

In conclusion , young people 's proactive participation into the community support activities is very much desirable societal phenomena .
Their spirit and enthusiasm have to be further nourished and encouraged by every segment of the society .
Recent research say that to void to get older , you need to keep yourself young .
I am still young , but I love reading and I love to see the eyes of older people giving advices , hugging other people , or walking on the streets .
The sadness usually pervades each of their actions .

Usually my grandfather loves talking about his life when he was young .
Why ?
The most obvious reason is that he felt more alive .
His bones , his articulations , arms and legs , were strong and flexible .
But also his heart was stronger and flexible .
A short italian movies called `` Per Sempre '' ( for ever ) talks about a lady who falls in love with a married man who does n't love her in retourn , and she falls into a deep depression until the moment she wishes to die .

Might be happen if she were 15 years old ?
I dont ' think so .
The art director in fact was a mature man , who understoods that after a certain age the antibodys of our spirit are not as many as when we are young .
The perception changes .
A year is much longer when we are 5 years old then we are 80's .
Every experience changes us , and the time is not reversable , even if Albert Einstein discover and theoryze the relativity , but he never theoryzed any kind of `` back to the past '' .
An interesting aspect might be the illusion of immortality .
Maybe there is some kind of internal biological measure unit , just given by Mother Nature that says that at the age of 18 , rich or poor , well-educated or not , we are expressing the maximum potential of what we will be in our all life .
We look around , and we are the best of the society , beautiful , strong , smart , and all the people talk about us with expressions as `` the next generation '' .
Sometimes I like to stop by an old grandma , and I just like to dream about asking her phone number ...
but only if she were 20 !
So I just start talking about the weather and ask about her life , her past , her youth .
The three main reasons I will talk about to explain why sucessfull people like taking risks are the fact that they trust themselves , that they like creting something from scratch and that they want to learn more and reach more money .

I would like to analyse successfull people who are people who already had a good experience and who managed to face their challenge successfully .
This is very important because those people know that they are able to handle complex issues .
And this will give you trust and insurance that will help you not to doubt in unknown situations .
See the example of cars manufacturer , you will easily attact a new market if you had been successfull on another one .
For instance , BMW has few doubts about its success by developping its SUV .

Then , there is the fact that people who had been successfull like , according to me , starting from scratch .
This is something very exciting not to see the route you will follow and discovering stape by stape your environment .
You can analyse people who create their own company .
They can choose the kind of products they sell , the way they pay their employees , the way you deal with the customers and so on .
And the most important point : you have no boss and you do not receive any orders thanks to the human size of your project .

Last but not least , people who succeed often know very well their domain ( this is why they succeed ) and this can explain their will to learn more about another field of technology .
For example , a company like Dassault which has made planes launched its own computer aided design software because it was able to afford it .
And when you have been successfull in a field , you often earn lot of money which enable you to invest in new challenge .

So this is , in my opinion , the three main reasons why successfull people like taking risks .
Because they trust themselves , because they know how to do and because they can do it .
I do not think that it is always the case that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
For example teenagers live at that age a very traumatic period of their lives and normally they hate themselves , hate others , hate their lives , hate everything !
so I definitely do not thing that they enjoy life more than others do .

Young people take risks , I think that is the difference , they want to explore , know , achieve things and sometimes they take their lives for granted .
Yes , sometimes it is true that young people know how to have more fun unlike some older individuals but it does not mean that it is always like that .

Older people have experience , know more about some things , about how life is and I think that the more you know , the more you have experienced life , the more you value things , you stop taking things for granted and give them the right value , you appreciate more because it has taken a lot of effort in order for you to have what you have .
They can enjoy life more simply because they have more memories , either happy or sad but they have them , memories that enrich their everyday life , they have more people to love , more stories to tell , they have lived more .
How would you enjoy life at the most if you have not lived enough ?
If you do not really know how life is ?

Of course there are cases in which older people are bitter , angry at life because they have suffered a lot but that does not mean that more experienced people cannot enjoy their lives as much or even more than unexperienced persons .
It all depends on the way of life you have , how grateful you are , how much love you have given and received , what you have learned in life , etc .
It is definitely not a matter of age , it is more likely , I think , a matter of personality and the circumstances that surround or have surrounded your life .
Every grandmother talks about the good-old days , when the younger were more helpful the old ones , respectful for family values and community culture .
Well , somebody has to tell them back that the times have changed !
I agree that young people are not like in the old times , because they are more individualistic , they have less time for family and community but more for work .
Also the old ones have changed !
They are more healthy and socially active , so they do not need younger ones as they did in the past .

First of all , everbody will accept that we are now living in a society where everyone lives an individual life , rather than as a part of a community .
This individuality has physical aspects and also cultural aspects .
For example , the number of people working in cities or even countries different then where their family live , is going higher and higher every year .
How can somebody be helpful to his community , if he is 1000 miles away ?
This is physically not possible .
And culturally , with all the media and advertisement bombardment telling the people that the only important thing in this life is themselves but nothing else ; how can young people not be individual caring about only their own lives ?

The times have also changed in terms of the time which we must spend for things other than family isues .
Young people have to spend much of their time in their school and work .
They can not even find enough time to deal with all these , actually .
That results in less time for the family and community again .

Lastly , the old ones also changed !
They are healthier , and socially more active than they used to be .
They need the younger ones less and less by the advances in technology also .
Which means it is not only the younger ones that have changed .

The world we live in is certainly different than what it had been before .
One of the results is that younger people are not into their comunities as much as they did in the past .
They are more individualistic , they have less time , and actually the older ones needs them less , too .
I will agree with the argument that it is much more important for the students to understand the gist of the ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
It is obvious that students will not spend their entire life at school .
Eventually , they will graduate and will work in environments where they will need to apply the ideas and concepts they learned at school .
In order to be successful in their professional life , it is crucial for them to absorbe the material that they are given at school such as ideas and concepts .

A student in international affairs major must know realism , liberalism and the theories behind it .
He/She has to know how communism has emerged , what lied beneath it .
How it differs from liberalism ?
What constructivism means ?
How it relates the current school of thoughts ?
Knowing the facts will not solely help the students to analyze what the real situation brings .

It is not argued here that learning facts is not important and students do not need them .
It is obviously important .
Ideas and concepts should definitely be applied to facts , meaning real world situations .
Without applying the theories to factual incidents , learning concepts will be useless and meaningless .

However , without understanding the gist of the theories , students will encounter hardships in analyzing real world situations .
Without knowing what liberalism is and what it brings to the countries , a student will not be able analyze completely the certain facts that he/she faces in professional life .

Another point to mention is , ideas and concepts do not change abruptly .
It usually takes a certain period of time for an idea to evolve and to find credence .
But facts change all the time .
An issue that is important today may differ tomorrow .
A student has to update his/her knowledge to keep up with the agenda .
And without having the fundamental background , a student will not achieve success in analyzing new facts .

To say the least , I agree with the statement that it is much more important for a student to understand the ideas and concepts than just learning facts .

Ideas and concepts do not change
There is a vibrant debate nowadays on whether it is better to know many academics subjects at a broad level rather than specialize in one specific subject .
Even if I understand the importance of knowing something well and in depth , I agree wirh the statement that it is better to study as many subjects as possible during schools and college time .
The following are the three main supporting reasons to my position .

First , I think that the role of education is to give to students as many information as possible , in order to give them at least a general view on all the important topics and areas .
For example , students too focused on one area might be in troubles to get along in group of other students discussing other topics and they might miss something they actually really like .

Second , studying many academic subjects give the students the opportunity to understand what they really like in order to make sure they choose a carrer that fits with their interestes .
This is important to avoid situations in which students realize that they do n't actually want to work all their life in the area they specialized in and it causes them to be not preparare dto a carrer shift because they lack knowledge in other areas .

Finally , my third supporting point is related to the social life of people .
When people get specialized in one specific subject , they might even win a nobel prize in their area of study but there is the risk that they lack important knowledge which are necessary to enjoy everyday social life .
Let 's think to someone who spent her entire life in a laboratory without any other interests : he might definetly be a great scientist but he may fell unconfortable in partecipating in discussion of other topics ( i.e. history , politics , arts ) ; when it happened , people might have problems in getting along with other during social events , like theatres , museums and all the other networking events that are so importnat in everyone 's life .

In conclusion , I agree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academics subjects and the points made above sustain this thesis in a both personal and professional perspective .
I disagree the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Being different age stage , older people have different spirit world with the young people .
Firstly , Old people have more abundant experience in their lives than that of young people .
Young people will have a lot of risks to attempt to do everything that they have not meet with , and they will suffer the failure that the world gives to them .
When they feel fail they will rely on the older people to help or to share the experience that the young people have not .
And the older people enjoy the quiet and idely life in the world .
They can do everything calmly and happly , they will happy to teach the young people the proper ways that live in the world .
They have so many nice memories that happened in their past life , even meeting with failure , they will become more wiser and sophysicated .

Secondly , Old people have little stress from the society .
In the advancing technology society , with the advent of new technology and discovery , young people feel the great stress in the society , they must advance their knowledgy and technology level to fit with the fast pace of the society .
They should work hard to make money and not be dropped out by the peers in the intense competition .
However , the older people have no stress , Also they will benefit from the advanced society .
because they have accomplished the task and have more time to share the achivement they made in their young times .
They can do fishing and travele by airport not just spend more time on train as past , they will communicate with their friends on Internet , not must to write a letter that will arrive at their friends after a few days .
They will have the happiness to teach their granddaughters .

Of course , the young people has so many enjoyment in this world .
Their curiousity make them to discover new things .
It is so wonderful to taste the different foods in differend country and feel the different culture in other countries far away from the country they live in .
They have the energy to climb the mountains that abundant their adventure experience in their lives .
They have so many chance to see the change of the world .

In summary , Older people will enjoy the wonderful world in their ways , and young people will also find so many interesting things continuesely in the world .
I totally agree with this statement .
It perfectly reflects our society , which is based on appearance .
Today advertisement has become an added value .
It is something that some years ago we did not even have , but that today plays a central role in the society .
I am attending a Master in International Business and during this Master I attended a Marketing class .
Our professor explained us how advertisement is important today .
More and more societies spend huge quantities of money in advertisement , as they think it is a good investment .
And the results always come .
One example that can give us the mirror of the situation is given by the company Pippo .
This company produces low quality brushes .
Twenty years ago , it was just a small company and today it has become one of the richest company in Italy .
What the owner of the company did , was just to invest some money in advertising his product .
They used a very good strategy and they finally reached their goal .
They pushed housewives to go to the supermarkets and ask for the brush named Pippo .
They created , through an advertisement , value on a product which nobody had cared about before .
The worst thing is that this product has a very low quality and does not reflect the perception we have watching the advertisement .

One of the most important skill that people are required is the capability of selling .
I have done a few interviews in different companies .
In each one of them , people working in the Human Resources Department asked me to try to sell something that did not have any value .
They just wanted to see if I was able to do it , because today appearance is more important than the reality .
There is no best way to travel .
Both in group and individually travelling enlightens .
Nonetheless , I personally prefer by far the individual travel experience .
My prime argument for this conviction comes from personal experience .
As a frequent traveller , I love to discover .
The challenge of exploring pathes no traveller has walked , inspires my discoveries .
Contrary to travelling in group no tour guide will be able to decide where to go or when to leave .
This exalting freedom is essential to enrich the travel experience .

Secondly , though the security of a group travelling through well-known ground is appealing , the level of discovery is enhanced by reaching remote areas .
Once out in more distant regions , security becomes less a concern .
While few foreigners travel to these regions , curiosity from the local population is more widespread than criminal behavior .
I would even believe that a travelling group would attract more attention of a criminal than an individual wanderer .

Of course , many will state that without a good tour guide you might miss out some essential sightseeing locations of a visited area .
This lack of knowledge of the region , however , can easily be compensated by hiring an individual guide for short trips or by relying on the excellent insights of guide books such as ` The lonely planet ' .

Last but not least , I strongly recommend to travel indivudually because it enables true contact with local populations .
As a group under the leadership of a tour guide , you will probably meet with the population used to communicate with tourists .
Shopowners , the family of the tour guide , ...
will not give you the genuine impression of the country you visit .
A narrow perspective from a tourist-minded population will be the result .
As an individual traveller the chances exist that a true relationship between indivuduals can emerge .
As an example I recall the conversation with the farmer with whom I shared lunch during his break in the ricefields of Indonesia .
He elaboratly explained me his life and his misery .
This is an unique experience impossible to accomplish in a tour guide travel experience .

In conclusion , although tour guides do an excellent job securing and informing their guests , individual travelling has my predelection .
The discovery of remote areas and the enlightment of personal encounters have inspired my frequent travels .
Nowadays there is great controversial over the time young people spend helping their communities .
Many years ago , it was very common seeing young people helping their communities in activities such helpings in churchs , schools and so on , during last years old people have noticied it has decreased the number of youths who help their communities .

From my point of view , it is a matter of fact that the number of young people who helped in their communities has decreased in last decade .
For instance , when i went to my church ten or fifteen years ago me and my friends helped to do all the things that the preacherman could not do by himself ; but as we have grown up there are no young peolpe who help in church and , in fact , the elder ones are those who help the preacherman in order to go on with the mass .

There are many reasons that can help to understand this problem .
In the first place young people are so ineterested in new technologies that they are forgetting so important values such as family or friends .
What i mean is that they spend so many hours playing with computers or watching TV that they forget what is really important in life which , i believe , is the people around you including family , friends and , of course , your community .
It is obvious that if you do not care about your family you will not care about your community .

On the second place , we live in such a competitive society that parents do not spend enough time with their children to educate them in the same as they were educated by their eldests .
As a result , young people have not received the learnings of helping those around them .

If you ask to me , i think that the lack of help from young people is an important problem because it is producing a great seperation between the young and old people in their communities , and the only way to resolve it is give a better education to the little ones in order to avoid this problem in the future .
I agree with the statement .
There are two dangers that lay within , if you specialize in one specific subject .
One is the danger of not being able to find solutions to problems anymore .
If you become so boggled up in one subject , you will eventually develop what is commonly known as `` tunnel vision '' and implies that you can no longer look left or right of your own thoughts .
But sometimes the answer lies somewhere outside , which you are simply not able to see or even realize if you have never heard of it .
The second danger is that if you become too specific in one subject , no one else may follow your thoughts anymore and understand you , thus making your work and/or discoveries virtually useless to society .

One good example of how having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is in the field of law .
A lawyer who has knowledge only of his own national law and rules my end up not finding a solution to the problem within his own system , but if he were to look outside and compare how maybe other countries or codes have solved that same problem , he could adopt the solution and create a more effective system .

Another example would be found in the area of technology .
Technological progress can much better be made if you can take and compare discoveries made in different sectors .
Energy and automobile technology seem to be depended on each other .
One without the other would not be able to survive .
Automibles need energy and energy companies rely on the automobile industrie as customers and consumers .
Exchange in ideas can only lead to improvement .
Regarding the statement , successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , I agree with this idea .
There are a couple of reasons .
Doing only what they already know how to do well in the life could not make any creating thinking and ideas and could not reach any good chance to go up more higher status of their positoin or money and more exciting .
The decision and carefull thinking and consideration for feasibility and risk taking analysis to do new things will be crucial .
And people always age and grow overtime , then people must reflect something new into their life , otherwise they get bored and get easily tired of it , then get sometimes mentally problem .

In my experience and background , my major was basically in litrature .
And I was office assistant in a company at first instance after the college .
Later , I challenged the new job position , Finance and Accounting aiming for US .
CPA , then I broke through this change and my business and work completely changed .
I took a risk if I could achieve the professional qualfication , such as US .
CPA .
Because I had no background of this major and enough experinece .
I had to spend tones of time to study to pass it , simultaneously , I worked hard as a new position which I did not have enough experience .
Then , my career development and good promotion happend after couple of years hard working and passing the exam .
I believe that people sometimes should take a risk .

In another my experience , I married with American man which means I had to immigrated into the U.S quiting my successful job in Japan leaving my life in Japan and family and friends .
This decision and judgement were not easy if I should be able to be happy and successful in my life .
However , I am currently happy in my new life knowing new things , new people , new country , new culture .
I believe that these things will make me also grow that will lead also successful in the future .

In conclusion , the life should sometimes be excited and explore new things rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
Your life can be meaningful if you try to new things and take risks .
By growing and aging , people need to grow knowing new things in their life which means you would have to take some smaller or bigger risks .
Party going , loud , naughty , nasty fast drivers , rule breakers ...
these are some qualities that people accross nations , countires and communities associate youngsters with .
They always think that it is them , who are the black sheep .
They never look at the other side , this energetic group has to offer .
Agreed that they take a lot of things lightly , but when it comes to extending a helping hand towards community work , I strongly feel that they are the first ones to pitch in .
There are many examples where young people have worked together in harmony to achieve results that were surprising .
Craig Keilburger , Matt Johnson are two vivid and huge examples .

`` Kids can help the children '' , thats what Craig Keilburger thought .
He started campaigning in the United States at an early age of 15 .
He wanted young people to come together , to share ideas and resources to reach one goal , that they all shared - ` make the children strong , for tomorrow they make the world strong ' .
His work started from his neighborhood in a small town in New York .
He and his friends started by collecting old clothes , toys , books and even saved a part of their pocket money .
Once the collection was sufficient they would go out and distribute it among the needy and the desperate .
He gained recognition and funds started to pour in , helping him expand his work from his neighborhood to the nation and finally to the entire globe .
His foundation now consists of thousands of `` young '' members who constantly work together .
Thanks to them , thousands of children accross the globe now have food to eat and schools to attend .

Craig is an example to big to believe ?
Wait until you hear about Matt Johnson .
The Johnsons lived in a slum in a Chicago suburb that was famous for its notorious crack dealing .
The policemen , the fire department , and even the medical emergency staff kept away from it .
It all started when Daphne , Matt 's friend got hit by a baseball during play .
The ball hit her eye and was bleeding badly .
They called 911 , but no help arrived and eventually she lost her eye .
This angered Matt to the limit .
The next day onwards he started from the basic things like cleaning up his neghborhood , his friends joined him and they worked until they cleared all the bad notions that people had about their community .

To sum it up , I think it would be very unfair on anyone 's part to say that youngsters do not help in community work .
I think that people must recognize their effort and appreciate it .
The statement `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' is a statement that can be enhanced or contradicted .
I agree with this statement for many different reasons .

First of all , everything depends on the definition of a `` car '' .
If we consider a car to be a vehicle with four wheels and a engine that depends on oil in order to function , the statement has a lot of chances to be true .
It is possible that in twenty years we wo n't have any petroleum left .
The kind of engine we use now would then become obsolete .
Even if we consider that we will have some pretoleum left , the product would have become rare and its price would certainly rise .
Only wealthy people could then afford to drive , which would lower down the number of cars in our street .

However , it is possible that we find new kind of energies that would adapt to other kinds of wehicles .
Would we still consider those new wehicles as cars ?
If not , the number of `` cars '' would be less than it is now , but we would still have new traveling ways .
It is also possible that we change only the engine part of the car , using , four examples , hydrogen energy .
We would then keep the four wheel pattern , and we would still be driving cars .

As time passes , the global population tends to get richer .
It implies that the number of potential customers who will be likely to buy a car will rise over the years .
Even now , some country as china or India are industrializing quickly .
More than a billion people are now demanding for cars .

If we find news ways of energy , the number of car owners will rise expodentially .
The statement will then be wrong .
However , if the scientists do not find any other type of energy , our petroleum supplies will turn to be empty in a few years .
Since I do not belive that we will be able to find and put in use new kinds of energy that cost the same price to exploit than petroleum in less than 20 years , I agree with the statement .
I disagree with the statement .
I believe that youngsters nowadays spend enough time ( and more ) to help their communities .
Let us define what a community is .
For most people , a community is a group where the members interact , are interdependant , and where they live in harmony .
The young people of the world realise that they are part and parcel of this community and that the development of themselves is dependant on the development of the community and vice versa .

The younger generation is more aware of community welfare , helping people in need , the environment , and its development .
One area which the youngsters have identified is charity work .
Not only do they visit charity organisations and donate to them , they also organise free medical camps for poor children , corrective surgery for people who cant afford it , and in general spread the word .
Campaigns where people can donate or pledge their future contribution are organised by these youngsters .
They are conciously allocating time for community welfare activites .
Proactively thinking about how much more improvement is possible is the trend .

Also , people nowadays , especially youngsters , are more aware of the dangers to the environment from deforestation , the ozone layer depletion , etc .
These concepts have been imbibed in them from a very small age , because of which they are very aware of the situation .
Hence , they make sure they dont cause more damage than they can help .
Some of them have pledged to not use plastics after they have understood the harmful nature of it .

Another aspect of ` community ' could be the work environment .
Having a pleasant work environment is every employee 's dream .
This can be acieved only by the cooperation of all the people involved .
Realising this , the youngsters make sure they have a nice place to work .

It is very easy to mould young minds and they will be more than willing to help the community and in turn help themselves .
This way , they realise , they are giving back to the community that they got from .
During our last few school years , we are faced with choosing subjects which we would like to specialise in , in the future .
Some students choose a small number , while others take almost as many as possible .
The student with the more subjects will be more skilled than the other , and will have better career opportunities later on .

When one specialises in one specific subject , he or she can excel at it perfectly .
This can benefit us in many ways .
For example , if a person is so good at something , he or she will be so skilled , and will be able to perform the task successfully and efficiently , saving time and energy .

On the other hand , when specialising in only one particular subject , we are limiting ourselves and are unable to reach our full potential .
Having a broader knowledge of many academic subjects is more useful than excelling in just one , as not only does it give you more skills , it also increases your chance of success in the future .

Think about it logically ; would you rather employ someone who can only perform one task , than employ someone who can perform dozens ?
I would choose the latter .
Studying a variation of subjects also keeps us more fulfilled , and less bored .
If you studied the same subject over and over again , for a vast period of time , you would get extremely weary of the subject , and therefore would make it seem very uninteresting .

You are given so many opportunities in this life , so what is the point of wasting them .
You must always strive for the best and want to learn more .
Why limit yourself to just one thing ?
Although sometimes it is useful to excel at something , I disagree with the statement ` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . '
I completely agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
After all , if all of us continue to do what we currently do , and are good at , the human race will never evolve .

Innovation has been one of the key strengths of humans .
Some of the most important recent developments have taken place because a few people decided to try out something new , something that was hard to imagine before it actually happened .
Whether it was the telephone or the aeroplane , it was all because of people who wanted to try out new things .
Mankind could make it to the moon only because one individual , of the name Neil Armstrong was ready to try out something that was never tried out before , even if it meant risking his life in the process .
Even in the acient times , mankind discovered fire only because there were certain people decided to try out something new , even if it meant taking a huge risk .

Ordinary people like to do what they are good at .
They are content with the idea that they are trying to get better at something .
However , the real succesful people are the ones who try out newer things and take risks , and hence , contribute to the evolution and betterment of the society .

If we continue to pursue what we have been doing , our lives would become monotonous .
Trying out new things and taking risks gives us the excitement and the zeal which propels our learning .
We look forward to coming across newer expiriences , which teach us more and more , and give us ideas to make our lives better .

We live in a competitive world and a key to success is to try out newer ideas and take risks - to find out newer methods and ideas of improving your life .
In order to develop as individuals , we need to think out of the box - challenge our imagination to come up with ideas which have never been tried before , ideas which give us a significant edge over others .
If you think you have something new to try out , it follows that you would have to risk a lot to make sure that it works .
I am to give my opinion on which is the most important thing for a student between undersanding ideas and learning facts .
First of all it is self evident that those things are both essencial in a student education .

Anyway , as far as i am concerned , i think that understanding ideas will help more a student in his future life .
Indeed , an idea can be usefull in much more areas than a fact and moreover , a student have to understand ideas in order to understand more deeply the impact and the meaning of facts .
A student that have perfectly understood some concept is supposed to be able to use them to interpret the facts .
Moreover some concepts or ideas are so important for our society and the way it is functionning that noone can be part of the society without knowing them because the facts are most of the time based on the ideas .
For example to understand war in general , only events wo n't give you a proper opinion but understanding the basement of it , for instance the concept of the quest for power , will certainly help you .

But on the other hand , being totally disconected with the reallity is not a good point , and a whole theorical learning is n't a good thing for a student because he must be able to use his learnings in the real life , and knowing facts would help him to identify different situations and understand them better .
Indeed , some concepts , like the concept of democracy cannot be proprely understood without the hisorical background of it and it applications in everyday life .
Furthermore , some historical facts are so essencial in our society that we cannot , for instance , understand the current news , without knowing them .

So a perfect learning is supposed to make sudents learn both concepts and facts , in order to be ready for their future life , thanks to a complete leraning , that we are in fact
Famous researchers , important people or successful stars have a common point : they all look further afield , wanting to meet other people and to broaden their horizons .
For all that , I think you can be successful only if you take risks , if you test and try new things ; so you can be successful only if you want or search something you do n't have yet .

Famous and successful people are very often ambitous and courageous people .
When we take a closer look at Christophe Colomb , Bill Gates or John Ford , we can see that they all had something in their personality that encourage them to test , to search , to try something unknow and rather risky .
How can you have sucess if you only do what other people have already done ?
How can you have success if there is no originality in your prospect and objectives ?

I will now tell you about a personal experience to show you have sometimes to take risks to succeed .
Because most of the time , the opportunities do n't come to you .
But YOU have to create these opportunities .
Here is my personnal experince : towards my final year at the secondary school , I had to combine a lot of things : I had to study for my `` baccalaureat '' , I had to take final exams in flute and piano , to obtain a certificate in music theroy at the conservatoire in Besancon , and to gain my drinving license .
A lot of people said I had to give up music .
But I was determined and I took the risks to continue my music and all my undertakens .
This was risky .
I could have failed .
But I succedeed .
And therefore I was able to find a very interessing placement in a big international company .

To conclude , taking risks and trying new things is a very important and unavoidable condition to succeed .
You have to be courageous , to experiment and to look further afield to success .
I disagree with the opinion that number of cars in use after 20 years will be less than what it is today .
Instead I believe that the number of cars in use will rise and will be much more than what it is today .
I have number of reasons to support my opinion .

The world population is growing at a high rate .
Since population and number of vehicles bear a direct correclation , I expect that with more people , more cars will be bought and used .
It may be argued that more population does not automatically mean more buying power .
But it should be noted the countries with high population such as India and China are experiencing high economic growth rates .
This means that progressively , more and more proportion of population will have better buying power .
This in turn means that there would be a bigger and bigger segment that will be able to afford cars and therefore buy cars .

The cost of producing cars is also declining .
Again with cheaper cars , there will be more people who will be able to afford cars and therefore buy them .
Besides with research in identifying cheaper energy alternatives to petrol , the cost of running car is also expected to come down which will further encourage people to buy cars .

The government spending on developing road infrastructure will also promote the car sales .
Governments tend to spend lesser on public transport as compared to constructing highways .
This indirectly promotes car sales as limited and congested public transport drives people to buy their own vehicle .
Hence more cars will be used to avoid the inconvinience caused by public transport .

Also there are social reasons leading to disintegration of joint families into unitary families .
Besides the women that were previously more confined to home are joining the work force and moving out .
This means that while previously one family of say 10 people could do with one or two cars , now a family of 5 needs two cars .
The continued disintegration and women moving out of home will therefore fuel car sales even further .

Besides , as humans get wealthier , they look for more convenient options .
It cannot be denied that car provides the flexibility to take you right through to the destination as opposed to public transport such as train and trams where a person needs to walk to a stop or station , board the train or tram , then get down at destination station and again walk to his final destination .
With more wealth , people will definitely demand more convenience and hence shift to cars .

For all the reasons above , I strongly feel that there would be more and more cars with every passing day .
Cars are today most flexible and convenient way to travel .
For number of cars to go down , there has be a even more convenient alternative .
Since I do not see any such alternative in next 20 or even 50 years , I see more and more cars hitting the road .
I agree that in the coming years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
With advancing technology and with more complex machines being developed , people are slowly realising the harm that this development is causing us .
With the Information technology boom today , outsourcing and communication has become so much more easier than before .
Gone are the days of the good old letters , its the era of electronic mails .
All these sophisticated gadgets and machines are a double edged sword , with both their positive and negative points .

People prefer to travel in cars , trains and buses rather than walking .
This has given us a lot of health problems .
Children prefer playing on video games rather than outside with friends and so we see the problem of obesity becoming very common among adolscents .

Thus , modernization has had a great deal of impact on our health .
I think , twenty years from now people will become more health conscious and so will strive to maintain a healthy environment and a healthy life .
So , there will be fewer cars on the roads and more people on the roads .

Another important reason , why there will be fewer cars on the roads is that , population explosion will be a major problem in many countries .
In twenty years , the earth is going to have very little place to accomodate all of us and hence will be teeming with humans .
So , there wont be any place for us to drive our cars that time .
Contemplating these problems in the future , using advancing technology , man will definately come up with newer designs of cars and other vehicles , which will not be required to be driven on roads .
Man will stretch his imagination and may come up with flying cars to tackle these problems .
Flying cars and cars that move vertically on buildings may not seem so uncommon twenty years in the future , Thus , twenty years in the future we will be seeing a change in the attitude of the people , who will have a mixture of the the psyche of the people of the past and also a contemporay way of thinking .

Thus , for different reasons , be it for health purposes or as a sign of advancing technology , we will definately see fewer cars in use than there are today .
I think that younger people do indeed enjoy life more than older people .
In my opinion younger people are supposed to have more fun because they have less responsabilities and do not have to worry as much about problems that come with adulthood , such as money , jobs and family .

I am 17 and I can remember just a few years back when I was 15 , how different my life was .
I did n't have to work , my school works was much less of a burden and I did n't have to worry as much about my future .
Now , only a few years later I realized that my life has changed completly because I now work and at the same time I need to keep my gradees up so that I can get into college .
I realize that from 15 to 17 is not really growing up , and that being a 17 year old is not considerd being an elder , but what Im trying to say that with age comes more and more responsibilty .

Now that I 'm older I see how much time and effort my mom puts in to making my sister and I happy .
My mom constantly looks for work , so that she can make money .
She always has to make sure that my sister 's and my every need is being taken care of .
Sometimes I feel like she might forget about herself .
As my mother works hard like this day after day all I worry about is my school work , my job and what Im going to do next friday .
All I worry about is things for me , while my mom worries about my sister , myself , my animals , my home , her job , her self and many other things .
She has got to make sure that everything is running smoothly .
I cant imagine being her and having to do all those things .
I sometimes wonder , does she ever have fun ?
Does she ever go out ?
The reality is that she does but when she tells me stories about when she was younger she always syas `` ahhh ...
those were the good times . ''
Each time she says that I realize that being an adult can be hard work .

Because I 'm still young I still get to do many fun things , but as I get older peopel around me expect more and more from me and those expectations mean , to act mature and be responsible .
Surely , as I get older I have noticed that my priorities have changed .
I look at my sister , who is a freshman in high school , and see how different we are .
She worries very much about what she wares and what she looks like , while I'de rather worry about getting to school or passing my physics test .
I asked my mom if I was like that and she said `` we all go through it , we all mature ...
its part of adulthood . ''
We all at some point of our lives stop having the same fun as we had as a child .
Look at babies all they do is sleep and eat , while parents wish they could get some sleep or even loose a couple of pounds .

In the end I trully believe that younger people enjoy life much more than older people because they have less ressponsibilities and less things to worry about .
Although throughout your life you are longer an adult than you are a child , you will always remember `` those good old days '' because they are a reminder of when you where care-free and had nothing to worry about .
Some students prefer strictly learning facts , dates or rules , whereas others like better understanding the main concepts and do n't pay as much attention to the specifics .
This may derive from their way of studying , their abilities to memorize and understand , and also from the way their knowledge will be controlled .

Knowing facts does not require much thought , as it is simply a matter of memory .
One could go , eventually , through an entire schooling using only facts : they are often the sole requirements because they make it appear as real and extensive knowledge .

The people who recommend the comprehension of ideas more than the mere knowledge of facts for students expect that such an understanding will provide useful capacities to a person , those of adaptability and effective thought , more important in their idea than simple knowledge .

But I think that , in reality , there is n't one way better than the other , as even though they may be different , both techniques complete each other .
Facts provide a background to concepts , examples and arguments , to help them develop and construct new theories .
But at the same time , concepts explain the facts and provide their utility .

For instance , knowing by heart the successive order of all the Kings and Queens of the United Kingdom is n't of much use if one does n't know how these rulers reigned and influenced History and international relations .
On the other hand , being able to tell the consequences of Henry VIII 's reign requires extensive knowledge of the facts about his life , the era he lived in and so forth .

This applies to any field of knowledge , literature , mathematics , biology or Latin !
Facts are at the source of most concepts , which in return link the facts together and give them meaning .
One cannot go effectively without the other , unless for a very short period of time .
Knowledge is considered as a key for any progress in human life .
Through knowledge people can be able to develop the standard of their daily life .
They also be able to improve their social and cultural status among others .
For example , If some one who specializes in energy , but having broad knowledge about other branches of science and cultures could deal with so many matters as the same time .
Also this broad knowledge will help him to communicate with many societies of different cultures .
At the social level a guy with this broad knowledge will find himself having a very sensitive rank in the community for all people will refer to him to have consultancies and advises .

On the other hand a guy confining himself to a single specific specialization with no knowledge in other sciences will be isolated and have limited contributions at social , cultural and economic levels .
For instance if some one specializing in mathemics with no ther knowledge will only make contributions to development of this community through this field .
But if he is asked to contributed to other fields that are needed with aview of developing his community , he fail to do so .

From other perspective having broad knowledge means your are capable to serve you homecountry and your people whenever they need your help and assitance during hard times .

So we should urge all people around the world , in general , and our own people in particlar to make use of their leisure time to have a broad knowledge about different subjects that may contribute in the development of their countries .
For example , if some one 's major is in physician , but his countries is a great need for some one with a background in economics , he will provide unvaluable advise when needed .

Therefore , I strongly recommend and support the multiplicity of specializations for all people with concentrating on one of them .
In today 's world , cars a symbol of prosperity , social recognition and a sign of our own human identity .

The estatement appears to reflect on a common will from people in this world to live in a cleaner , more greener planet without the ongoing pollution and respecting a more sustainable environment .
I personally share the ideology ; however the trends seen during the past fifty years are just an evidence of the irrealistic idea that fewer cars will be in use in the next twenty years .

Even if new technologies arised from the most developed countries ; bringing to our lives new ways of communication , transport or even virtual imaging developement , the future of cars will remain very much alive and on top of the economic development of the 2030 vision of most of our social , political and economical objectives .
This is the way the world economy plays it 's major role balancing ressources to economics .

Perhaps , the increase and strong development of some emerging markets will participate in the rapid growth of new technologies permitting our over populating cities the benefit of welcoming new ways for public transportations such as : undergrounds , sky trains , electric public transportation or even interactive working environments permitting in such a way to find new ways for people to vehcile them selves from point a to b. However , even if this push drives the car industry to slow down in terms of their development , other factors will compensate its constant development such as lower costs and new fuel industries .

Another key element that adds to the above is obviously the increase amount of people living in this planet and the projections of their power expenditure in the rise for the future to come .

I do not believe that within the next twenty or so years , the world will give up one of it 's most precious inventions .
I am more confident that new technologies will ensure the establishement of better and more sustainable power energies that will enable cars and other motorized vehicles to maintain their competitive advantage , hence improving the quality of the product and the ability to protect our delicate eco system as desired by all of us .
I agree with the statement that states young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their own communities because i feel that the youth of the nation in today 's scenario is more exposed to different things in life in terms of advancement in the technology and achievements in global comunications and world 's infrastructure .

The teenagers have greater accessibility to things in life than in early days .
The question of helping the society or do something beneficial for others seems less important to them , for many reasons that keep them preoccupied and also for the fact that nowadays , most parents do not teach their children about society 's development , hygeine and may also hardly find any peer groups who will be interested in any social activity .

What keeps them involved in themselves and staying aloof in their own world is the improvement in technology and communication where most teenagers would want to experiment new things and the urge of trying various new gadgets and the resources for gaining more knowlegde where they can boost to their peers .
The entertainment industry also plays a major role here where the youth would want to be updated with all da latest movies , T.V shows and music .
The arrival of networking systems and the internet gives the youth more accessibility to things in any part of the world at any time .
Within clicks , the information is present in front of them and be it on any subject matter .
The night life in pubs and clubbing is another method of socializing and keeping themselves partied with the high music blasts and tapping of the floor .
The sports is anther craze for the youth to be busy involved into , be it Formula1 Race , Football , Tennis or Cricket .

Therefore , with the entertainment packages and the encylopedia at their hand the youth nowadays hardly cares for their own society but themselves .
It is so much possible that they dont even find the time for the ocassional get togethers within their own communities .
Leave alone communities , may be for their own family members .
Everyone is so involved in their own daily tasks and routine , that even though it becomes mundane at a point , the youth will definately keep themselves occupied with something new to explore and learn .
But will not think of helping their own communities .

The youth are not to be blamed here completely as it requires the awarenes and the sense of responsibility towards their own society which can be brought only by their own parents and elders and ofcourse the education that they are receiving .
The shows on tv also to a certain extend do influence the youth .
Therefore , more shows and programs should be telecasted and more films should be made to bring about the awareness within the youth .
As the society we come from protrays the kind of person we are and th eliving standards we have .
The belief that a life without risks is better is common among many people .
But is it true ?
I would like to start with an example , for it is always better to `` get the picture '' before hearing arguments on a topic .
Cristobal Colon discovered America .
Everybody knows that .
But would that have been possible without him taking the risk of navigating into unknown waters accompained with nothing but criminals ?
I do not think so .

So , everybody who believes that Colon was succesful should also think that to be succesful you have to try new things , to risk something .
If it is not so , that is why I have further arguments .

As a Business Administration student I have learnt that the essential aspect of having a productive and growing business is to make decisions knowing that the chance of losing is always present , but that the wish of improving should be stronger than this fear .
`` Use fear as a motor not as a break '' some say , correctly .
Life can be seen as a business , you always have to do something in order to achieve what you want , it is an exchange of services for utlities .
For this reason I believe the same rules , which have been precisely studied during these last years , could and should be applied to our everyday routine .

Lets examine the situation from another point of view .
Someone has achieved a state in his life , where he believes no more is to be improved .
This person has a plan for the rest of his life .
At the begining it will surely feel nice to have this kind of security and peace , and that is not negative .
But after a while , he will get bored , for the human is the kind of specie that must always do something different in order not to get frustrated .
If not , the work policies of the Industrial Revolution would still persist .
The thing is , that by the time this individual of the example realizes he is bored , he will have lost the confidence to try new things , to risk some of that security and will enter a great frustration , not likely to maintain him in a successful state .

Furthermore , society and its elements are not at all stable , it changes constantly , as do the necessities of the people .
In order to be succesful one has to be able to adapt fastly to these new demands , and in order to achieve that sacrifices must be done .

I conclusion , I believe that the statement that risks and new creations are basic elements of success are nothing but correct .
Remember the automobile or a more recent example , the Internet ?
Those are all inventions of peple who tried to do what noone else before them had , and insisted even though many thought of them as crazy .
Doubtless inventions were and are still the motor of the developement of mankind .
What would the world look like without fire , wheels or iron ?
Inventions are made by people who try new things or improve things .
But despite all positive effecs also dangers have to be considered .

Today the know how of many firms is their most valuable posession .
If you invent something and get a patent for it you might become wealthy because everybody who wants to use your idea has to pay for that .
Moreover the history teaches us , that knowledge can determine about winning or loosing wars .
Just think of gun powder and fire arms which led to success in wars at the end of the middle age or the famous enigma-machine in the second world war .

But inventions are not the only form of trying somthing new .
A famous saying says : `` There is nothing that ca n't be improved ! ''
For example if you have already working marketing strategies ; why not try something new ?
Perhaps new ones might be more successfull and you will b able to sell more goods .
A friend of mine worked in China .
He saw workers manufacturing something quite slowly because they combined its parts in the wrong order .
When he suggested to change the order they were afraid of trying something new and take the risks .
So their output kept slow .

In other words when you take the risk to try something new , you will be unique in a certain way , because nobody had done this before .
This is a clear advantage in competitions for instance between two companies .
But going along with that everybody shold be aware of the dangers .
For example when nuclear energy was first used for building bombs .
Despite they were built to kill there was another aspect some scientists were afraid of .
They predicted that it might be possible that the heat of the detonation will initiate a chemical reaction which will completely burn the atmosphere .
Today we know better , but what would have happened if they were right ?
Better not to imagine !

In other words to discover new things will nomally create advantages for people , firms and the whole mankind .
But make shure that you know the dangers and that you can handle them .
During the education , the studies and even when deciding for a job , people are often put in front of an important question : Is it better to get very deep into one specific subject or to keep a more broad mind .
There are several arguments supporting both sides .

On the one hand , the amount of knowledge and information is getting always bigger nowadays because of the internet and the globalisation .
So if you want to work on a special topic and produce or design products or even develope new technologies , it is very important to really understand this topic .
And because of the enormous amount of information mentioned before , one has to specialize in this single subject .

On the other hand most inventions and developments made today , are just a part of a bigger system .
So after inventing and producing very special elements , there have to be people who do not neccesarily understand every detail of this element , but who know how to put them together to one big and working system .
They have to keep all aspects in mind and they also must know where to look if something does not work .
Very specialized peole would have no chance here , because they only understand their own component .
So broad minded people are needed .

Another point is that people speciaized in one single subject often have very big problems when communicating with other people specialized in a different subject , because they know nothing about it .
Here broad minded people are very helpful to connect members of different subjects because they have enough knowledge in both areas .

Finally one also has to see the situation out of a very pragmatic point of view .
If you have to leave the company you are working in because it goes bankrupt or whatever , you will have to look for a new job and of course the chances to get employed in a new company is much bigger if you can work in a broad field , than if you only can do one specific work .

Taking everything into consideration , I have to say that nowadays , specialists are very important in our society .
But people with a broad knowledge of different acadenic subject are definetly needed and at least as important as specialists .
I am convinced that it is beneficial to specialize in one specific academic area once a general understanding of other areas is achieved .

If we look back into history , we can find many scientists that were great in a wide variety of subjects .
Today , this cannot be achieved anymore .
While back then , there were still many things to be discovered and it was possible to have a broad knowledge of and do research in different academic fields , today 's scientists have to specialize to be able to do research on a specific topic .
And this research can be very important to society , leading to a better understanding of topics .
For example , without research it would be impossible to find cures for diseases .
Now nobody could do medical research before specializing in this specific area .

I agree that it is important to know about a variety of things .
In fact , the public school system should provide a core understanding of science , arts and humanities .
But on a professional level we need to specialize in order to be successful .

This is easier to explain when looking at music .
Would you rather listen to someone that can play drums , the guitar , the piano and the violine , but is not great at neither of them or listen to someone play one of these instruments with perfection ?
One person also can only play one instrument at a time .
Look at the Dave Matthews Band , `` America 's greatest band '' , as the Rolling Stone magazine judged .
All members know their instrument to near perfection .
That is the main reason for their popularity and their sold-out tours year after year , not the fact , that they are able to play all instruments equally well .

This also applies to many other areas .
Another great example are sports .
A football team needs players that are specialized in throwing , catching , running , blocking etc ..
Of course it is important and even necessary for every player to have a basic understanding of the game , but if you want to be successfull you need to have players that are great at their assignments .
Overall , a linemen put into the position as place kicker would most likely lead to a catastrophy .

All these examples show that , while learning about the basics of different subjects , it is important to find out where your special talents are , to pursue them and specialize in them .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things rather than repeating conventional methods .
Generally , a success is considered as a victory of any kind of competitions that achieve certain goals that people would regard highly .
Thus , in order to win a competition or achieve a goal by any way , people need to have more strength of any kind .
Thus , I think exploring a new area or new things would give people a better method to achieve a goal that would be highly competitive against other people , while the exploration might have risks to fail .

Bill Gates , a founder of Microsoft , is usually considered as one of the most successful people .
His achievment started from a new idea : to produce a personal computer .
It was obviously challenging and risky for him to do the business , since a computer back then costed enormous money while taking huge spaces .
It was not really possible to be owned by a normal individual .
However , he succeeded it , and now , he is one of the most successful business men in the world .

Another example of a success based on risks would be Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's new style of writing literature .
His magical realism attempted to overcome the limit of a novel by utilizing a totally different way of writing .
His extremely descriptive and flowing writing style was first not very well-regarded ; however , he is not considered as one of the best writers in Latin America , and numerous writers actually imitate his writing style that a new style of writing called `` magical realism '' finally was created .

Even in science , it is necessary to attempt to be creative and try new things than others to be successful .
For example , German army in the Second World War had confronted a problem that their missiles could not reach America .
Their effort to improve the range of missiles was great , but it kept failing due to lack of accuracy as the range was increasing .
However , a scientist thought of a new idea to solve the problem .
He thought that it was not necessary to launch missiles from Europe ; if it was too far , they can launch the missile from closer place .
Thus , the scientist invented a missile launcher that can be installed on a submarine , which apparently could attack the main land of America with extreme accuracy .

In general , a new method that creativity provides grants people to be more competitive .
As if an armed person fights with an unarmed person , it is certainly beneficial for people to try new things .
Even though it usually has a high possibility of failure , it is worth to try to explore new ideas , and generally successful people are people who have obtained a solution by new things without failing .
It can be said that although there is a risk for a new thing , if it does not fail , it will be a base of a success .
Therefore , it is worth trying new things .
Some people say that in order to be successful you must `` try new things and take risks rather than only doing what you already know how to do well '' .
Personnally , I do not agree with this statement .
I am going to give you two reasons why you should do only what you already know so as to be successful .

First let 's define ` success ' .
In my opinion , the ` successful ' characteristic should be given to someone who is good at what he 's doing and even better than others .

In this context , we must admit that the only reason for success is training .
In fact , training leads to success .
But what exactly is training ?
Actually training is all about doing what you already know over and over again .
Let 's take the example of sports .
In every sport , you spend the main part of your time training in order to be successful at the next competition .
Therefore , this is exactly the same idea in everyday 's life business .
Another example is the success of Fordism , back in its time .
Here , people were meant to perform the same task over and over again which lead to an improvement in industry .
Firms which used Fordism are now known to have been successful .

Another idea of the statement is that if you want to be successful , you must take risks .
Actually , this is completely wrong and the reason is simple : if you take no risk , you are less subject to failures .
And knowing that failures are the exact opposite of success , you should take this advice : if you want to succeed , never take risks .
Instead , you can let others taking risks and watch their results .
This way , you will see if it is a safe and efficient way to do the thing .

Finally , success can be achieved using two motos : `` Only do what you already know '' and `` Never take any risk '' .
Look at how sport champions prepare their competitions : they train a lot whithout taking any risk .
Then you will succeed like a real champion .
There is still not a common answer to the question about having knowledge of various academic topics .
Some people believe that they should learn about too many subjects whereas others believe specializing on a specific one brings more success .
It is possible to have a clear opinion on this issue by focusing on the technological innovations and increasing connections between the different study areas .
Although one person can not learn too many subjects very detailed , it is better to have broad knowledge of different academic subjects than to have a very detailed knowledge of just one specific topic due to the factors that are mentioned .

It can be claimed that since the technology is developing in a very rapid way it will not be possible to catch the innovations without focusing on only one issue .
In addition , it may be argued that specializing on a specific subject will be better than to have knowledge of various subjects in order to improve the skills and to get a better education .
However , the technological developments bring the working areas together and it is not easy to seperate the topics of each academic subject .
Every academic issue is related to another one .
Therefore , giving the attention to only one specific subject will prevent a person to understand the basic ideas and details of that subject .
On the other hand , by having ideas on all the related topics will be very advantageous because it will not be easy to understand a subject by ignoring the links between that subject and the others .

To sum up , in order to get a clear idea on the question about having knowledge of different academic subjects , the analysis should be done under the light of increasing links between different subjects .
As it will cause to ignore some points , specializing on a specific subject is worse than having broad knowledge of many subjects .
Which way is better to travel , in a group led by a tour guide or travel without a guide ?
I think it depands on where you are traveling to .
If I will take a trip in a famous city with several wel-known gardens and lots of special products , I will choose a group led by tour guide .
It 's convenience to visite the city and travel around from garden to garden on the tour bus and the guide will give many details on the history of the gardens .
And the tickets will be cheaper than if i buy them seperately cause those tour guides always have group discount .
I might have to buy some products in some perticular tourist stores that the tour guide leeds me into , but I might also get into those stores and get fooled even without a tour guide .
Do n't laugh at me as that is the realy experience myself in Hangzhou .
I visited Hangzhou 2 months ago all alone .
But I took a taxi to Longjing Moutain where the famous villige producted green tea located and bought some tea in high price just like all tourists did in group .
As I would did so anyway , why should n't I join a tour group and travel easily there ?

If taking trovel to some places like tibet , I will go without a tour guide .
The purpose to such places is to experience how is the life of people there .
You will not really experience it if you are in a group .
The only way you can get into the local life is to travel with your bag on foot .
To live as you are one of the local people .
How can you really know the live there when a tour bus is waiting for you out of the gate and bunch of your group mates are talking about eveything the see around you ?

There is no a best way to travel , but planning what knid of travel you are making and then you can choose if you need to be in a group led by a tour guide .
You can always travel in a better way .
The Role of Advertising in Modern Societies

Advertising is one of the most popular areas of the developing industry .
In order to sell a product , one must put great effort to introduce the society , the new product .
Without an effective advertising campaign , this is a difficult goal to achieve .
The aim of advertising is making the product better known , and better sold .

Seing a product commonly , creates a feeling of trust in many people .
It may mean that many people are using that product and as there are no complains about the product , everybody is happy about using it .
Therefore one would like to give that product a chance .
Being well known is one of the best approaches in being a widely trusted trade mark .

The advertisments may exaggerate the quality of the product .
This is a technique often used to effect the customers .
Many people believe in what they read in the newspapers or what they see in the television .
For instance an advertisment of a detergent , may say that , the detergent can cleanse every kind of spoil , including coffee , tomato or grass spoils .
Although in the truth it may not be capable of removing the dirt completely , one could easily trust in that advertisment .
After using that product , a good result may not be obtained .
Nevertheless a loyal customer may think that , the problem could be related to his \ her washing maschine .
This simple example demonstrates that , the advertisers has a point in making products seem much better than they really are .
Although ethically it is not right to cheat on people , no one can claim that the technique is not clever .

In order to survive in the world of competiton , one should do his/her best to get a piece from the cake .
Therefore I agree with the exageration of products in advertisments .
Every generation is criticized by the ones immediately before .
It 's natural and I 'm not surprised about that , but the fact is that I simply do n't agree with statements so general that involve such a huge category of people as `` young people nowadays '' , because it 's impossible to me to group in only one category a so large number of individuals as `` young people '' are .

Anyway , beside the fact that this sentence sounds somehow more as a common-place than as a deeply analyzed statement , I do n't agree with it in details too .
I 'm going to explain myself .

There are various ways to help one 's own community , and I know some people involved in those activities and I am too , someway .
When I was at Liceo , a lot of classmates of mine used to be a part of a catholic association whose purpose was to help elderly people .
Every sunday they used to visit some old people and play charts or other games with them , giving them joy and happines .
I think that this would be a clear example of the fact that young people usually help their communities , even if most people does n't always recognize it .

Moreover , as I 've always liked dealing with children , I spend some of my spare time helping kids who have problems in school-subjects , and that is the way I usually help my community , i.e. in the way the most fits me .

I could number and write about plenty of other young people helping their own community , but I think it would be useless : the most important thing is that I strongly believe that sentences like that are just nonsense , as you can find some young people that never help people around them but also some others deeply involved in providing various kinds of help to their community .
Nonetheless I strongly believe that it would be better if more people helped their community , but I do n't think that this is due to the fact that young people are worse than adults , but to the fact that there is always a need for help , and there will always be .

My opinion , indeed , is that young people nowadays are not so worse than young people of previous generations : the just behave in their own way .
I agree that the advertisements that are widely used to promote products present them as much better than they are , in that they exaggerate the quality of the product and the effect that it will have on its consumers .

Advertisements present products in a superlative light .
I will not venture to say that they decieve as to the quality but rather than they exaggerate it .
Well-to-do companies that can afford to advertise well are likely to have good quality products , but they are not necessarily as perfect as their advertisements show .
For example , brand name cereals are presented in advertisements as the culmination of culinary excellence .
At the same time , unadvertised products may have almost identical ingredients but less name-recognition .
The consumer naturally assumes that the famous brand is higher in quality compared to the unknown brand but if he or she would try both they would find them similar if not identical in taste .

Also , advertisements only concentrate on the positive traits of the product , but never the negative traits .
Tobacco advertisements somewhatexculded , they will always make the product seem perfect and convenient and useful and safe , even though it may not be .
Toys and appliances , among other products , are commanly advertised in this way .
The advertisement will show how fun and exciting the trampoline is .
But if a customer were to try it out , he or she would find that it is very fragile , for example .
This is another common way of presenting advertisements as better than they are .

Moreover the effect of the product on the consumer as it is presented in the advertisements is deceiving .
Advertisements typically reach their audience by showing visions of glamour , popularity , pleasure , and increased appeal to the opposite sex as the effect of buying their specific product .
It is these hidden images that permeate advertisements and it is these that attract customers , however subconsciously .
The truth is of course that these messages are flase and unreasonable .
Just because the Axe commercial shows that whoever uses Axe is irresistable to women , it does not mean that actual users of the product will share the same fate .

Advertisements are an effective tool in marketing a product .
This is because they show its qualities not its shortcomings , they exaggerrate its excellence and uniqueness , and send false images about the effects they will have on the customers that use them .
The issue at hand is '' Do advertisements make products seem much better than what they really are ?
`` .
Yes , I strongly agree with the above point .
In today 's developing world media and advertisements do play in major role in enhancing the product .

Firstly the general public or the customers who are buying or going to buy a particular product are attracted by the advertisement of that product rather than the quality and the performance .
Advertisements are done with famous people which attracts many of their fan 's and they start using that particular product .
For example if a actor is using a particular brand of perfume then his/her fans do follow him without actually considering the quality .
In this way i feel most advertisements make product seem much better than what they really are .

Secondly most of the advertisements contains graphics and high resolution videos and images .
They are visually more appealing and attractive to look at .
Due to the use of multimedia technology more and more clients get attracted and buy the product instead going for their properties and long lasting nature .
For example in an advertisement its shown that a bicyle ( product ) collides with a bus and nothing happens to the bicycle which is not at all possible .
So again advertisements seemed to make products much better than what they really are in real life .

Thirdly advertisements lead to the increase in the sales of a particular product whether it is really good or not .
Many companies use advertisements to increase their sales of product .
Their main aim behind is to earn maximum profit .
Furthermore many of the firms use advertisements as an intelligent weapon to show superior features in their product when compared to the product of different firm , so that the customer is tempted to buy their product .
So i strongly feel that advertisements enhances the product than what really it is .
In China , my home country , when we talk about enjoy in the past , we think of getting rid of poverty and wars .
But in this more and more competitive society , even the new challeging and new experience of this world are no longer appearling as some old people may think , when compared to the high pressure we young adults received .
All the pressure : competition with classmates , competition with colleagues , and high pressure of taking care of a new family .

Competition in schools-from elementary school all the way to graduate level , now is heavy like no other period .
Everyone around seems like genius .
And even worse , the parents realise it .
The kids as aerly as only 3 or 4 years old , many are forced to go to take courses on piano , maths or professional athelet .
They live in the competition and do n't have the chance to play with the other kids , or to spend a whole weekend afternoon in the playground .
It actually has caused a lot of psychological problem of those kids .
For a deploma from a prestige college , many kids ca n't stand the high standard from the teachers and parents and commit suicide .
In my opinion , it wo n't be a life enjoyble for these students .

The recent time that I know the deadly competition for empolyment , is when talking to a 82 years old granny I met in a local park .
She told me she was very satisfied with her life now .
But the only thing she keep concering of is the work of her children .
One of them have a undergraduate degree , but cannot get a work with $ 60 USD a month .
The insurance is problem , the house rent is a problem , even the food becomes a main concern .
This probelm is facing many young adults , especially those who just go into the professional area .

Teenage mom is no longer news , and it thoroughly reflect a social problem when solving the family issue of young adults .
Most high school dropouts , if it 's not for the study problem , it 's the teenage moms .
They give birth to a new life , but also sacrifice their life to receive better education and better occupation .
Another feature odf modern society , is the age of newly marriage couple are getting older and older .
Everybody seems lost in the work , and rarely have time or energy to face the marriage and commitment .
Many guys in their 30s , do n't know anything about women , is no longer somthing rare , too .
When facing these big issues in life , young adults seem have very fragile feelings , and most of them are not happy with them .

As a result , young people are a social group experiencing high pressure from all aspects .
Their lives are not enjoyble .
Everytime , when we turn on TV or open megazines , there are always advertisements there .
In order to catch customer 's eyes , the sellers do spend a lot of money to make their products looking better and even to give customors the wrong impression .

First , the most common advertisements give people wrong impression is food advertisement .
For example , the Burger King 's hamburgers are always bigger on TV and smaller in the stores .
This is really disappointing thing when I decide to get a super big hamburger .
Moreover , we never see hamburger advertisements tell customers exact how big a burger is .
We never see a store says that we will see you a 5 x5x5 cm3 big hamburger .
Thus , we all come happily with a hope to get a super big burger , but leave disappointedly .

Second , the drug advertisements always try their best to delivery population a image of how fast and effect their medication , but lack of inforamtion regard to side effects .
A very good example is the great drug , Viagra .
When Viagra just came up the market , the drug company never mentioned that patients with coronary artery disease cannot take this medcation .
The consequence of not telling the fully information was to put people in danger .
Later , durg company added the addition information when it adversed Viagra .
However , the strong image of rescure men 's sex life is far greater than the image of dying from heart attack when patients with coronary artery disease take the comnication of Viagra and their cardiac medication .
Thus , drug advertisements always tend to lead the poluation to ignore the side effects .

In summery , since we cannot avoid not to see these advertisements , we should have our own knowledage to make a decision how good a product really is and try to gain all information we need before taking a new medication .
I think that the answer to this important and debated question depends on which level of studing one is pursuing .
If a student is at an undergraduated level , he should try to wide , as much as possible , his area of interest and competence , while , if he is already at a graduated level , he should concentrate himself on a more resticted area of study .
I think that a broader knowledge of different topics and problems related to different subjects should be achieved during the years spent in the high school , so that one has the possibility to gain more consciousness of what his interests and preferences are .
At a certain point in life , one must ask himself the tedious question : `` What would I like to do in my life ? ''
That is : `` What kind of job do I want to occupy my days up to the end of my life ? ''
Facing this question , one must necessarely restrict his area of interest and study by focusing on a single area .
I say `` area '' and not `` discipline '' because an area of study like , for example , philosophy , can involve much more than one would expect at the begining .
It is now a day wide recognized how philosophy can be related to mathematic or to economics or to other very different subjects like psycology .
Anyway , in my opion , someone really knows the area of interest when he has a broader knowledge of the different topics and subjects related to it .
One should always have a wide open eye on everything that 's happening in the accademic world .
Specializing is nevertheless an obliged choice today , if one is willing to reach excellence in a specific area .
That is true in sports and music at a very early age of life ( about seven years old ) , but it 's a problem also for students at an university level .
Few are the people who can get excellence in more than one area , and most of them , I think , died many centuries ago , like Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo .
I think that in our century sometimes we should be willing to accept to be mere technicians and not intellectuals in a broad sense , which is something that today only very rich people can afford to be .
Some people think that studying a wide variety of subjects is a waste of time , and that one should concentrate on one 's major .
Of course studying hard about one 's majors is important .
But learning other subjects , which might seem at times unrelated to one 's major , is just as important , especially in institutions of higher education like universities .

I will introduce my own experience to illustrate my point .
I am an art major , studying to become a professional artist .
I could have just been content with the technical training and painting classes that the art college provided .
They did help a lot to improve my creative skills .

But I `` wandered off '' to the realm of art history .
At first it was because I wanted to learn about how the great artists of the past created their works .
But as I studied on , not only did I learn about the history of visual culture , but how artworks could be seen from a historian 's point of view , and inside the cultural , historical , and social context .

I also took a lot of elective courses in literature .
These classes showed me how beauty and self-expression could be achieved through words .
I was provided with a chance to compare how literature was different from the art form created with color and form .
It made me think deeper about what painting was really about : what its characteristics were , and just what it was that could be done only through painting and through no other form of art .

Although art history and literature had nothing to do with the actual painting process , they both helped me try to produce a better , deeper painting .
Art history opened my eyes to the fact that artworks could be received from a various points of view .
Literature classes made me think seriously about the essence of painting , my major .

In conclusion , widening one 's scope in academic interests not only results in becoming more informed but also in opening one 's eyes to a wider perspective .
Moreover , one can understand one 's major better by studying other subjects , rather than restricting oneself in one 's specified field .
Throughout the history , there have been many successful people who have tried new things and taken risks instead of doing what they already know .
It is also argued whether the reason of this behavior is .
In my opinion , it is fairly true that most of these people do try new things .

The first reason why they try new things is that they really feel that they are mainly satisfied with the subject they are already specialised in .
Many scholars point out that the rewards obtained , appreciation of public opinion and that person ' s surrounding make this successful person feel that he or she has done so many things and accomplished his or her mission .
In other words , the main objective that he or she has aspired to succeed is done and there is no more steps to thrive .
Because we are all humans and want to taste the good side of life , we want to be whipped by an external force to continue .
That is why people who have already accomplished their objectives want to see new ones that will keep them fit and ambitious .

The second reason why I allege that successful people try new things is that they want to thrive much complex , hard and far - fetched seemed objectives that have not accomplished by someone yet .
Seeking out a new but also harder aim drives these people to focus on a risk - taking objective .

Lastly , these people seriously feel that they had to prove everyone that they have not achieved all objectives and have made through any hardships by luck ; they have done everything with their own aimable disposition .
That is why they want to show their surrounding that even a thrill - seeking and harder objective is not difficult for them .

In conclusion , it is vital to note that these successful people have already showed that they are qualified and prosperous ; but they want to achieve a harder one that will keep them striving to succeed another objective and also prove others that the current position of these successful people is not a simple luck .
Due to the current level where science has reached by means of content and achievement , it is obvious that you need to specialize in one particular area rather than dealing with different fields .
In otherwords science has all its resources from the academic studies and subjects and moving them to a next level by means of continuing this progress for the commonwealth , we need to focus on one specific subject while being aware of the influences of the other related fields as well .

When we consider the politics as an academical subject , we cannot separate it from sociology or related social sciences .
Therefore we should be aware of the sociology in order to study politics as a science or an academic subject , however in order to be succesful in the related academic subject , this line has to be drawn very carefully by means of knowing where to stop .
If we take a look at the people who are specialized in their academic subject , it is very common to see the examples of above model since all subjects in certain limits are effecting each other , sometimes supplementing , sometimes resulting in contradiction .

On the otherhand the definition of any academical title requires very deep knowledge which should make our way into having a broad knowledge of one specific academic subject which we are specialized rather than dealing with different subjects .
The professors in universities realizing academical studies is a good example to be considered at this point .
But as discussed above we should not ignore the above model in terms of having at least a basic information about how the other subjects effect our study .

History is also another factor to be considered in terms of comparing the examples .
Many sciencists had worked on particular academical subjects in order to progress themselves and accomplish their responsibility against the humanity by inventing different devices , offfering different thesis which are still lightning their followers .
Such as Edison , Einstein and many others are good examples of this heritage .

Consequently the academical subjects has to be handled one by one or specifically in order to be more innovative and useful for the humanity .
In my opinion , past is the best mirror supportting this approach .
People specialize in certain subjects because of many reasons , few of them may be person 's personal interest in that field , some times requirements are such that people have to specialize in certain subjects for good of other people for example specialization in heart surgery .
But its not always necessary to specialize in subjects .
People can learn and read many academic subjects as they like , but it has its own positive and negative sides .
But still according to me people should choose variety of subjects due to many possible reasons .

Firstly , many academic subjects provide people with broader way of thinking .
By choosing various academic subjects people can actually enhance and diversify their think tank .
They can use experiences of one subject to understand the other .
Variety of subjects can increase thier level of understanding in other areas also .
For example while studying for mechanical engines , students should also understand the chemical reactions taking place inside the engines and how they affect the working of engines .
This can only happen if they have enough information regarding chemical reactions inside the engine .

Secondly , by opting variety of subjects to study , students can become versatile .
They can view this world with wider range of options and with wider prospective .
For instance students may not face problems while applying for different types of jobs .
They can opt from variety of jobs available in the market in different fields .
Additionaly they can switch their careers later , if they want to , to try different jobs if they get bored from the previous one .

Admittedly certain jobs do require specialization in some fields , for instance technical jobs requiring surgery of particular body parts .
However people with diverse experience in various subjects are well respected and are very highly valued by the companies in the society .

Therefore i conclude that by studying various academic subjects people can really enhance their knowledge and can be a great value and asset to a company in which they are working .
Since I am a business student with focus on marketing , the topic is very relevant for me in my everyday life .
First of all , I have to say that there is no doubt about the effects advertisement has .
Using several tecniques to present a product in the best possible light , some of the consumers may get the impression that they do not receive the complete pieces of information about it and a realistic picture .
However , although there may be some tricks to sell products more effectively , no single marketing man in the world has magic abilities .

To start out with some arguments that support the above statement it should be mentioned that print media especially offer opportunities to give the product a better image .
Most important are possibly pictures that can be turned into perfection easily with computer programms .
Additionally , the information given in newspapers or magazines are in fact putting special emphasize on the product 's qualities instead of its eventual disadvantages .
To give an example , a special feature of a mobilephone such as the great design or the modern functions would be probably printed in big , coloured letters while the expensive conditions of the speaking tarif would be printed in small letters in a corner of the page so that most readers would pay no attentin to it .

Another trick of advertising professionals is to work with people 's emotions .
Awakening positive feelings by showing impressive and colourful spots with a certain connection to special situations in life , the associations with the product the watchers have and therfore his opinion about it would be more positive than without having seen the commercial .

As one can see , there is a diversity of ways for selling a product in a maximum of positive light and although there are a lot of norms that refer to ethical and moral doubts in the society about modern advertising methods and that have to be obeid , companies know how to make use of little tricks .

I do not completely agree with the statement because , as I mentioned at the beginning of my essay , the product is only a product that can be `` tuned '' in some way but not really improved in the impression it makes .
Additonally some ethical and social norms prevent people from being tricked seriously by ad
Party and Company is a game I play with my family and friends every time we want to share , have fun , and relax from the rutine of the week .
The objective of the game is to accumulate the greatest amount of points in order to win the first place .
Participants have to apply their knowledge of many academic subjects while playing this game .
Once , I had the opportunity to play this game with one of my sister 's best friend , Alesia .
Alesia is studying International Relations in a very well known university in the United States .
She is very smart and demostrated , while playing Party and Company , that she has a broad knowledge of many academic and importat subjects .

After experiencing how Alesia won this game and left us amazed , I can say that I agree with this statement .
Because she demostrated the importance of having knowledge of many subjects .
Alesia chose a major in Internatinal Relations .
By studying this major , she has the opportunity to learn about many subjects like politics , religion , economics , law , and cultures .

Specializing in one subject can be postive but it is better to know about many things that influence our society .
In order to succeed and make a difference in our society , people should be prepare and should know how to deal with different topics .
Today 's world is asking for persons who are very well prepared .
For example , the world needs women who not only are the base of their families , but also who can debate and state their point of view with concrete bases in the profesional context .

I would like to state that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , only if this knowledge is clear , concize and determined .
Because , it is not worth it to know about many topics if the ideas in which they are based , are vague .

Alesia is for me the best example of how this statement is true and I agree with it .
Because while playing this simple game , she demostrated to us how she knew about history , politics , nature , religion , culture , economics and supported his ideas with clear bases leading her group to win the first place .
I completely agree that succesful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well .

First , to succed you need to take risks .
Probably everyone that has succeded in their lives has taken risks .
And when you take a risk it does n't mean that you are going to succed for sure .

When you are going to start a new proyect , when you are going to start running your own buisness or if you are going to take a posdoctoral education for example you are usually entering into an unknown field , in a place wihich you are not familiarized with and where you are going to make probably many mistakes and failing exams .
But that is the only way to succed , trying , making mistakes , and the most important thing , learning from them .

By the contrary , of course you can just do what you already know and do n't want to go further in your knowledgent or education .
There is nothing wrong with that point , but your life and knowledgent are going to be limited only in what you know .
You are not even going to be a specialist in what you think you are good at , because to be a specialist you need to study more , take new exams and take new risks .

Nowdays we live in a very competitive world where you need to know everyday something new and you need to be updating your knowlegment , taking continuing education courses etc .
Probably if you are going to look for a new job the most qualified candidate is the one that is going to be chosen .
The same happens with students : we need to further our education in order to be more competitive to be accepted for example in a college .
And the only way to do that is taking risks everyday .
For studying purposes , we need sometime to retake an exam in order to have a competitive score since all students are very qualified .

In conclussion , taking risks will allow us to be more competent , qualified and succesfull in our lives
Advertisement has got a great influence on society today .
Everywhere you can read : `` Buy our product as it is better than the other ones . ''
Companies try to make the people buy their product to gain more and more money .
As far as I am concerned , I think , most of the products which are advertised for are not as good as the advertisement promised they are .

First of all you have to ask yourself why the companies advertise thier products .
The answer is not really difficult .
The only thing a company cares about is how much money the owner or the management of this company will receive at the end .
But for being able to sell a product they have to made this product popular and well-known in the population .
They have to build up certain image of this product which has to be rather positive .
Otherwise they would fail to achive their aims of higher and higher wages .
To achieve these aims they have to opt for advertising their product in a positive way and it does not matter how good the quality of a product really is .
The Opel company serves as a good example here .
The Opel company always advertised its automobiles as being the best car among the others and that you will never get problems with this car .
But this was only a trick to make more people to buy their cars .
So there are more and more products which has got a quite good advertisement but in real only a poor quality .
In the end companies acting in this way cheat on the persons who buy these products .

However , I think there are some possiblities to take an advantage of this situation of decreasing honesty in advertisement .
Companies which do not try to cheat on customers and submit that their product just have the ability and qualitiy it really has the customer will thank the company for its honest advertisement and eventuelly buy more of the company 's products .
But now both , company and customer have got advantages of this solution .
In our present time , the car usage is a typical way that people choose to intervene with .
It is a really useful vehicle to get oneself from one spot to another with the comfort and individuality it provides .
Car is in fact a good invention and it will stay that way , or not ?

The expression ` In twenty years there will be fever cars in use than there are today ' is a strong hypothesis and should be supported by good indicators and evidences .
( or insights and showings that foresee the future conditions )
In my opinion this statement can either be wrong or right which depends mostly on the government restrictions and regulations of one country .
I think no human being is willing to give up their car driving pleasure with getting in any other public vehicles that are being in service throughout our living spaces .
( mostly cities )
The public transportation is really an efficient and useful way to transfer people from their home to the place where they want to reach to , because it is more convenient to gather a large amount of citizens in one vehicle .
That way the roads are getting emptier and more comfortable for the traffic to flow on .
But on the other hand , as I 've mentioned before , an individual and especially one who owns good amount of money would not wish to give up his/her automobile driving joy .

At this point , the government and some rules can be handy and put on to usage in order to prevent the excess traffic on the roads .
When all the people choose to drive but not hop on to a public vehicle , the results can be hazardous !
The traffic then would lead people to miss their appointments , be late to their homes , or even cause the patients to be late to a hospital for medical purposes .
We should actually realize and be more empathetic of our surroundings and think also about the people whom we live with .
We are not alone in this country , not even on this planet !
The only beneficial and logical task if we want to see less cars and less traffic , is upon the government 's shoulders : regulations !
They do always work .
They sound very strict and harsh at the beginning but they are there for the whole community 's good .
As in my personal opinion ; there may be fewer cars in use in the future if we happen to become more knowledgeable and responsible people also by the needed assistance of the goverment 's regulations and written laws .
It is said that the only thing which does not change , is the change itself .
With the passage of time everybody has to change .
Change is consider to be natural phenomonen .
For example , a new born baby is changed to a boy , then into an adult and finally into a old man .

Therefore , i agree that `` successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .

It can be observed that the organisation which did not change with the changing time got out of the business in no time .
Take the example of the pager compnies .
They did not anticipated the change in technology and had to perish .
It is important to do what you really know how to do well , but it should be taken care off wether or not that particular thing hold relevence to you or your organisation anymore .
One of the example here can be of IBM , which recently sold off its computer division to Lenovo , a chinese company , because it realisede that its main area of concern is the business solutions .
The acceptence of this change can be gauged from the fact that in the year 2006 , the mergers and aquisitions to diversify the business and to explore new ares were to the tune of 4 trillion US dollers worldwide .

One of the main reason why people are afraid of trying new things is the fear of failure , But that fear should be put behind if a person or a company wants to grow .
One of the Indian example to me mind relating this is of Bajaj Automobile Limited .
( A two weeler manufacturing company in India ) .
Bajaj was known for his scooters for quiet a long time .
My father used to tell me that there were hage queues of the customers to buy a bajaj scooter .
But latley bajaj realised that mobikes is the new buzz word of the Indian market and imideately directed its focus to manufacture motercycles and launched Pulsar , which is a huge success in the Indian market .

Finally i would like to conclude by saying that it is hard to change because there is a lot of risk attached to it but it is
The purpose of traveling is to discover and explore more of what the world has to offer .
It is a chance for someone to fulfil their curiosity and their imagination .
There are many ways to travel and explore .
Someone may choose to travel alone or accompanied by a group .
Most of the time , the group is led by a tour guide who is an expert on the history , past , and sites of that specific area .
other peole travel alone because they do not have a specific destination , and would rather explore at their own pace .

I beleive that everyone has different interests , and that the standard tour will not necessarly satisfy everyone .
I think that there are more benefits to traveling alone than traveling in a group , and being led by a tour guide .
One of the major advantage is the fact that the person is able to solely visit the sites that he/she is interested in , and therefore is able to spend more time at that location as oppose to having to report at an other location that may be less interesting to him/her .
I also think that everyone travels for a different reason .
some travel to make research about an area or a subject that is fascinating to them , while others do not have a specific goal .
Traveling in group will not allow someone whose intention is to research to fulfill his needs .
That person would need time to focus on his/her area of study without interruption or limitations .

There may also be some difficulties when traveling alone .
one of the most common one is that the tourist who is not familiar with the location may not be able to locate him/herself and find the historical sites .
The history and information about each site that a tour guide provides may not be available .

I personally disagree with the statement because i do not think that someone should limited when traveling .
i think that before traveling , a person should make some research and familiarize him/herself with the area he / she will be visiting , and define his/her priority .
No one knows what the world has to offer until all the possibilities have been explored .
i also beleive that the true and best way to explore the world is alone .
The statement of what is more important for students either to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts is controversial .
However , in my experience is more important to understund ideas and concepts than just simple facts .

First , I belive that by focusing entirely in facts you are missing the opportunity to understund concepts and ideas surrounding facts .
It is important for students to have a good understanding of the situation going beyond facts so this way they can extrapolate these learnings to different situations .

Second , as a professional chemical engineer myself I have always never seen that a situation is the same twice in my career .
It can be similar but not the same , the only way to tackle new situations is by being clear and understand the ideas and concepts of the situation .
As a result of my background and training as an engineer it is almost strange to solve problems based only in the specific facts you have learned in your career .
You need to again go back to the basics and focus on concepts and ideas to be succesful not just facts .

Also , by having a special focus on ideas and concepts you can help develop the creativity of students .
It is important to encourage students to understand not just ideas and concepts but from there to develop their thought process and creativity .
By focusing only in facts , it can be challenging to develop other areas like creativity if the only things students are facing are facts for particulat situations .
Moreover , by looking at the big picture you are also helping students to understand how in many situations facts can be different but the ideas and concepts are the same .

Last but not least , it is important to keep in perspective that we live in a constantly changing world and by making for students more important to understund ideas and concepts they will be better prepared to be succesful in the future which will bring to them newer and more challinging problems than what we have experienced in the past .
Nowadays , the use of cars is quite controversial .
Indeed , some people are defenitely still in favour of keeping them , whereas some others claim its use should be reduced , if not banned .
The consequences this debate may have on the future use of cars , and the reasons of this debate deserve to be discussed .

At frist glance , this issue may appear superficial , but it is an essential one , since it is related to one fundamental problem the whole world is facing , that is to say environment .
Indeed , the car is a major source of pollution .
However , western countries'inhabitants are used to it , and would see its disappearance as a step toward the past .
For a long time , car has symbolised modernity , but moreover freedom .
With a car , one can go wherever he wants , whenever he decides it .
In the United States maybe more than in any other countries , car has been praised as a fundamemtal element of one 's life .
Billy Wilder 's moovie , ` Sunset Boulevard ' states that he just ca n't live without his car , since it would be like having his legs cut .

Considering these facts , it is hard to assert that in twenty years , cars will no longer be used .
Though , there is no denying that its use will probably slow down .
More and more people feel concerned about pollution , and as I said it previously , the car is a major source of pollution .
These people aim at gaining some influence in the political fields , in order to get the opportunity to be heard .
In Europe , their influence over the debate is increasing , and countries such as Sweden as more and more often taken as examples , since it is a pionneer in this field .
In the wake of this change concerning the environment issue , many countries have already implememted different kinds of policies in order to lower its use .
Despite it is often rejected by the populations , we may hope behaviours will evoluate .
In addition to that the lack of oil which is more and more discussed may lead to changes towards the lowering of cars ' use .

So , as a conclusion , I would say that there will certainly be fewer cars in use in twenty years , but we will have to wait for a little longer I think , to see the obvious changes .
I agree with the statement : ` Young people enjoy life more than older people do ' , although it was not such an easy question and furtermore it has neither an easy or definitive answer .

I believe that some ( some , because it is impossible to generallyze in abstract themes as this one ) young people enjoy life more than older people mostly because they have less responsabilities .
As it is said : ` Those whom do n't know anything , do n't fear anything ' which means that the less you know the less you have to worry about .
By example , a six year old boy needs to be feed and he worries about it when he feels hungry , buy he does n't worry about who is bringing the money home to buy the food .
So , he enjoys life by being satisfied on his basic needs and by being able to play and experience life at this young stage .

On the other hand , older people , adults for example , generally have an income , they have money , they drive , they have an active social life and they can practically do whatever they want ...
this , gives them a sense of freedom .

I said before that this was not an easy question and either it was not easy to answer because it has many points to be anallyzed , so many that I believe it could be the topic of a professional research .
There are many variables : what can we consider as young people ( teenagers are a young segment of the population and they certainly do n't feel happy alll the time ) and what can be considered as old people ( Very old people are most of the time sick ; according to Jose Saramago : the old people lives going to nothing while the young people goes for everything ) .

But , in conclusion I think that is better to know many things , to be aware of what life has for each one - you can reach this state when you are an adult , even a young adult - and then enjoy life , knowing the advantages and challenges that life puts on your way to get almost anything : when something costs one a lot of work , it will appear to be better when it is obtained .

So that : I am older than other people and I enjoy life more than some younger people .
The main goal of every university is to form high performance students , and hence the question is to know how making these students performant and effcient in their future jobs ?
Thanks to a lot of theoritical courses ?
Or thanks to practical courses based on the observation of the facts and some experiments ?

In fact at the beginning , the role of the school has been tougth in order to share theoritical knewledge , and not to prepare students to their future jobs .
Why ?
because some stuffs can not be taught and should be learnt outside from the university , in an other context , which enbable to learn fact .
Therefore I am convinced that the first role of the shool or university is to provide the theoritical basis , which are necessary to the understanding of the facts , and the problems of the real life .
Consequently , I believe that it more important that students understand concepts and abstract ideas , because these are the roots of the understanding of the facts .

Moreover , can the reality of the facts be learnt at school ?
For instance , a job can not be taught really at school , because the school does not correspond to the real conditions of a job .
The universities can only provide tools , abstract concepts to make the students more efficent in their future jobs .
But they can not prepare them to manage the every day life of the job , in terms of time managing , stress or communication problems between different partners .
These topics are learned directly in the companies , and the abilities of a person to deal with these every day life problems is based on the experience of these person .
A classroom on theses apects would be completely irrelevant .
That is why , the universities encourage students to make internships .
This shows that school acknowledge that it more important that students understand concepts at school and then confront these abstract ideas to the reality of a job .

In other words , I believe that a student should learn theoritical concept at school , because this is the right way to become an efficient worker : understanding ideas and concepts in order to understand one 's own world .
One would be glad to find a single person today who is not worried about the rising gasoline prices , and the burgeoning traffic jams !
The gulf states the major producers of oil have been foreboding for long that they have alreday reached their maximum limit and the produce fo oil is only going to plummet from here on .
All this spells evil for the car manufaturers .

Cars though expensive have some clear advantage over public transport but it is losing this advatnge a fast pace .
Not only are they becoming more and more uneconomical to drive the traffic situation challanges the other advanatges it has i.e. of quicker transport .

Comparing this with a more efficient public transport system which is way cheaper considering the rising gasoline prices and is much more quicker considering the worsening traffic jam situation .
Anyone would be enticed to use public transport rather than use private transport i.e cars .

Necessity is the mother of invention the mans need to move made him invent the car but this is being challanged in a number of ways these days .
Off recently number of companies have started offering option of work at home , univeristies have started courses which are internet learning based .
All this has reduced the need for people to move and hence eliminating the need of cars form our lives .
And as we move from a manufacturing based economy to an information based one the need of the transport is going to decrase further as people would prefer to stay at home and work .

Though there are certain things that might just save the fate of that beatle in your garage , might be an electric car , which might be cheaper to run as we find more and more renewable souirces of energy and might be much smaller in size and hence solving the traffic issue .

But all this is ot far fetched untill some solid discoveries are doen we can easliy say all this spells doom for the existence and number of cars .
The provided topic states that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
I disagree with the statement as it is my opinion that older people enjoy life more than young people .

Nowadays , we live in a world that is economically driven and requires good planning and wise decision making .
Due to their wide experiences in life , older people are able to plan wisely in order to enjoy their lives .
For example , older people will plan their outings , vacations , activities , and events more effectively than young people .
For a vaction , they plan where they wanted to go and what they wanted to see and how much the cost would be .
This way they will enjoy all aspects of their vacation and not miss important events or sightings .
Whilst , if they went on a vaction , younger people would not plan as well and eventually miss out a lot of important activities and sightings .

Consequently , with their good planning , older people would only spend mony on what they wanted to see and enjoy .
Whilst younger people would run out of money and usually regret some of the things they did not see in their vacation .

In addition , older people would have more money to enjoy life with than younger people .
Older people are more established in their careers and therfore more financially sound and actually save have saved their money to enjoy their lives at this stage .
Whilst younger people may not have as much money to enjoy life with as some of them may be in school or not employed .
Some of them may have not even thought of a career at this point in their lives .

On the other hand , there are always exceptions as there are younger people who do plan well , are established in their careers , and are financially well off .
But generally speaking , due to their life experiences , older people plan well , established in their fields , and are financially more sound than younger people .
I really enjoy to plan my trips by myself or with my girlfriend , it 's a sort of pleasure for me to make researches on the web about all the details such as traveling , housing and main destinations , so most likely I disagree with the given stimulus .

When you experience a tour organized by somebodyelse there are many things which are not under your personal control .
Many important decision are often taken by the group and I do n't really like to vote on things when I travel , by contrary I like to spend time where it 's more valuable accordingly to my taste and personal interest .
In addition I think that a guided tour usually presents events which are designed for tourists .

I still remember when I went to Thailand with my family in 1991 and the tour guide basically was always showing us cultural events and shows which were very far to be authentic expressions of the local habits .

I prefer to manage my own time during the trips and do n't be bothered by any time constraints or scheduled appointments as usually happens with guided tour .
Thus I really like the intimacy of a romantic trip with my girlfriend , so I will eventually consider other options when I 'll be older .
Trying new things have many advantages but it has also lots of negative effects .
I disagree to this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Because of the reasons that it is wasting time , often dangerous .

Even though people can gain new experiences through trying new experiences , it is wasting time .
Keep working on something they already know how to do well is the way to be successful and saving time .
If people try new things , they always start and learn all things over again and again .
Nevertheless , they can discover and get to know more deeply if they keep doing what they are familiar about .
For example , me and my friend started to play flute when we were in third grade .
I am still learning it but my friend decided to play another instrument next year .
Now , she forgot how to play flute at all and she wants to play it again .
Then she have to go over it all again and forget about the one that she was learning before .
Thus , trying new things is wasting time .

It always can be dangerous to try new things .
Because they do n't really know and not skilled about it .
About 3 years ago , I decide to learn snow bording since I only know how to ride ski .
I thought that ski and snow bording would be similar but it was n't .
I was really confident before I fell down several times and hurt myself so badly .
In addition , people can fall into things negatively like addicting because at first , they are not sure what it is and just start it .
Therefore , trying new things can give risks .

I would rather keep improving things I am good and skilled at than trying a variety of experiences because it is wasting time and could harm myself .
Safe is always first .
Doing what they already know how to do well is the way to be successful .
Enjoying life seems like the priority goal of life to many human beings .
Going on vacations , dancing all night in a club , catering themselves with scrumptious food and expensive clothing all prove to the world that people do whatever they need to do to enjoy the life that they will never get to experience once again afer it is over .
Because age can be one of the factors that influence how much a person can enjoy life , among the economic class and moral values , the question of who enjoys life more comes out into the public very often .
I disagree with the statement of how young people enjoy life more than older people do because it is not only the age that effect how much a person can enjoy life .

Going to the hospital about 2 times a week was my routine for the last 17 years of my life .
I have been born with a disease that makes me easier to be vulnerable to common sicknesses such as colds and flus more than others .
I am 17 years old , the age which most consider as the age when one get to enjoy life the most .
However , by comparing myself to my mother who is 40 years old , I believe that my mother enjoys life more than someone younger like myself .
Instead of going to the doctors and hospitals every week , my mother spends time cooking , cleaning , and taking care of our family , which makes her the happiest in her life .
`` I enjoy my life the most when I get to make dinner for you and the family after a hard day of school and work '' is what my mother says to me all the time .
Also because she is such an optimistic person , rather a pessimistic one like myself due to the condition I was born with , she enjoys life like there is no tomorrow .

Not only does the personal characteristics that one is born with effect how much a person can enjoy life , the physical and the outter substance of a person definitely effect it .
Paris Hilton , the daughter of the owner of the Hilton Hotel company , is considered as one of the people who enjoys life to the fullest as proven through numerous megazines and articles .
Apart from her values towards life , one of the reason that she is able to enjoy her life to the fullest is the money she has .
The economic support from her family buys her the most expensive clothes and jewleries , makes her look like a supermodel every single day and also `` afford '' friends that a common person like myself would not be able to do .
Comparing Paris Hilton with a young teenager like myself proves that not all young people enjoy life more than older people do .

However it is also not the case that older people enjoy life more than young people since older people have experienced more hardships and faced obstacles throughout their lives .
There is no doubt that I do not go by a day without falling asleep feeling so blessed compared to some of the less fortunates .
I get to enjoy life , maybe not as much as my mother or Paris Hilton , but at least I have the privillege to enjoy life while some others do not .
Not only do young people do not enjoy life more than older people do , it is also not the older people that enjoy life more .
It is merely the age that effect one 's events in his or her storybook of life - it is one 's gifts and outlook towards life itself .
If growing older involves the aging of the mind along with the body , in that case , I would agree to the statement that ` young people enjopy life more than older people do . '

Whether you enjoy life more at 60 than at 16 depends mostly on your state of mind .
But yes , I would agree that with age on your side you have the certain advantages to live a more fun life than you probably would ever do , as you grow older .

As we age and our responsibilties in life start to increase under the ever growing pressure of work and family life , we tend to forget to stop by to enjoy and appreciate the little but invalauble moments of pleasures in life that are not easy to come by .

As children with just school tests and peer pressure are our greatest worries , our naturally preserved innocence allows us to have more fun out of littler moments .
A new pup in the house seemed like the most fun thing to have ever happened to us while we were not that grown up .

With the brain not sucked dry by the pressures of meeting deadlines at work , the children have the enthusiam , energy and zeal to live every moment as their last one , living every moment of life to the fullest .

Also , the younger generation has always had advantages over the older ones , in terms of the number of options to choose from specially , when it comes to choosing from different ways to have fun .
I can often hear my father recounting stories of his growing up days , when there were not many to have fun , it had to be the books or the playground unlike our generation that could n't decide between the hundreds of videogames available to choose from and along with the option to read or be out in the playground .
With every generation the list of options to choose from keeps growing making the present the best time to be young at .

But , like they say - aging is all in the mind , you could be 40 living the life of a 14-year-old and having the best time of your life , just because you choose to !
I completely agree with the statement of ` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide ' for several reasons .
The first and foremost one would be the safety and comfort offered by your companiens in group , especially when traveling to new places farwaway from home town .
In case of any unexpected emergencies or untoward events happening on travel , you have a gropu to take care of your needs and shre the burden and sterss .

Secondly , the guided tours would provide right information about theplaces and one can get more precise information about the place visited for the first time .
Also , a guided tour in a gropu is more economical over personal tour with or without a guide .
The guides are trained to perform the tours on a timely manner while explainig the fact in detail .
When you are in a group , you would spend less money on travel , accomodation , and money spent on engaging a travel guide .
Tough it may not be possibl to spend their time as one wishes , while travelling , it provides the opportunity to ineract with other people in group and know more about the places than it would be other wise .

I provide a typical example , to justify my opinion .
It is about my travel in India last year .
I have to spend about $ 150 to go to a historic place all by myself in a taxi , while it costs only a fraction of that , i.e $ 5 if I choose to travel by public transport that was available .
I choose to go by taxi as I was alone and afraid of travelling in publice transport system along with the many locals , for fear of isolation as I do n't under stanfdthe la Thus in conclusion , a guide tour in groups is , safe , economical and time saving .
Broad view of all the acedamic subjects gives you an overview of all subjects .
It helps the person decide which subject he is really interested in .
It helps him in choosing his career .
However for higher studies one should always specialize in one subject .
I believe that specialization in a specific field is better than to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects .

Firstly specializing in a particuar subject gives you an in-depth understanding of the subject .
It helps in understanding of the finer details .
Careers can be built in that particular subject of interest .
Like doctors do masters in a particular field eg : cardiology , pathology etc .
Then they can treat patients having particular disorders like the cardiologists treating heart patients .
They can concentrate on one thing and really become a pro at that .
This helps both the patients and doctors .

Secondly specializing give an in-depth knowledge ofthe subject .
One can reasearch an a particularly interesting topic and probably invent something in it .
It gives an added edge to the person .
Moreover it develops the person 's interest into it .
Like after learning about networking it really increased my interest in the different types of protocols of networking etc .
If given a chance I would really like to work in that field .

I feel that it is necessary to have many subjects at the beginning during the undergraduate years where one is not sure about his or her own interests .
Learning all subjects would help one decide their subject of interest in which they would like to have a career .
However once decided it is better to do specialization in one particular subject of interest .
Thus it is necessary to do aspecialization in one subject of interest .
I would agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than old people do .
I believe that younger people are usually less burdened with the hardships and stress of life , that come at a later stage .
Also , younger people have an attitude to not take things too seriously and so , they tend to enjoy life in more situations .
Further , older people usually lose out the patience to enjoy and experience adventures and fun in life like the way youngsters do .

When we take the example of an old man , who becomes weak due to age , its very obvoius that he does not have the stamina to enjoy any adventures in life .
Also , he would tend to become more subdued and mellow .
In drast contrast , a youngster is usually filled up lot of energy and enthusiasm to take on new tasks , adventures , visit interesting places and so on .
Also , younger people tend to hang out a lot with friends and share lot of fun moments together .

For example , if a young couple were to make a pleasure trip , and an old couple comes along too , it is highly possible that their views and sense of fun would n't match .
The older couple will usually prefer to stay indoors even while on tours , whereas the younger couple , I believe , will explore the place , in and out .

I remember an incident when I had to go out on a tour alone , and I asked my grand mother to accompany me .
She just did not want to go with me .
She said she would get exhausted and does n't take interest in travelling anymore .
When I asked the same to a friend of mine , she immediately obliged !
This shows the clear contrast between the views of an old person and a young one .

I believe that we all usually get a matured and proper understanding of life only after facing some serious troubles .
This kind of a view develops over time , and can not be seen among the youngsters .
Youth therefore symbolizes more of energy , idealism , innocence , etc .

Adding to all the above mentioned reasons , I feel that maybe biologically also , younger people have higher levels of adrenalin , which expels higher levels of energy .
This can further explain why youngsters tend to enjoy life more than their older counterparts do .
However , I admit that the same youth will eventually turn out more matured and get more serious about things , and fall in the categoty of old people .
I partially agree with the statement that ' Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ' .
I think it is tough to clearly tell whether one absolutely agrees or disagrees .

Advertsements are one of the most important aspects of modern day business .
With so much competition in every field and each idea superior to the other , good advertiment has become absolutely mandatory .
Advertisements help a lot in increasing the customer 's awareness about a product .
With so many products in the market these days , there is no way the manufacturers can reach the people without publicity .

Increased competetion can be cited as the most important reason behind an underlying exaggeration in all the ads today .
If an advertisement is very modest , and explain the flaws as well the qualities , would there be any takers for the product ?
People have so much choice these days , the manufacturers ca n't afford to loose their present customers .
They are always trying to increase their market share .

Advertisements have a deep impact on the consumer 's mind .
He goes to the market looking for a particular product keeping the advertisement in his mind .
It is only the beneficial aspects of the product that draw him there .
An example could be that of luxury cars .
All the ads emphasize on the increased space , better tyres , better suspension , etc .
No one says any thing about the huge monthly installment that would go in to enjoy this luxury .
But thinking from the consumer 's point of view , he will not even go to have a look at the car if the ad is not attractive , leave apart buy it .

But , on the flipside , there are many ads that are very misleading too .
Like , the ads for weight reduction methods .
These manufacturers know that they have easy targets in women or young people in general .
They publicize how someone lost a major chunk of his weight by consuming their pill .
There is absolutely no mention of the side effects of these artificial methods on the body , which may look healthy after losing fat , but can develop other disorders , like reduced in fertility in females , to cite one .

Most of the time manufactureres know their target .
They cash in on the weak points of that target population .
Sometimes these can misguide the people and lead to irreversible losses to them .
By the time the truth dawns on them , its already too late to react .

To conclude , I would say that taking one stand on any one of the two extremes is not fair .
The maufactures should be allowed a little liberty in making claims as long as they are not absolutely unjust or too exaggerated .
But they not let go of their ethical responsibities , and should not go to the extent of causing harm to their consumers just to increase their profits .
I completely disagree with this statement that there would be fall in the car usage in next twenty years when the number of cars being owned by the people is increasing day by day .
There is no reason to expect the reduction in this rate in coming future , or atleast in the span twenty years from now .

All of us are so dependent on the cars that it is very difficult to think about make smooth movement from one place to other without our own means of transport .
So rather than a luxury cars have turned out the need of common man .
And we all know that the nesseccities ' ussage never decline , so is the case of cars now .
They will probably increase .

Also if we see the current newspaper , the details about the increasing rate of number of cars on the road doesnot at all allows us to agree with the point that the cars usage will decrease in near future .
Rather it is truely convincing to say that this number would shoot up to an indeterminable value .

Also there are several new models hitting on the road every season .
This makes the younger generation to get attracted towards them and enjoy newer or advanced technology cars .
Also the latest models providing driving comfort makes them catch attention of sensible car owners making them ultimatelypurchase it .
But at the same time these people just sell off their old car to anyone who will can use it .
This leads to new car added on to the road rather than a replacement .
the second .
Would this prove that the car ussage will go down ?
Not at all .

There can be no prediction made atleast after reviewing the above examples that can give a conclusion that there would be lesser number of cars used by people .
The needs and dependence of people on cars as there means of transport will lead to raising there number and not declining it .
people will always ask themselves what 's the best way of learning things and what 's the best way of teaching things because these questions are essentials .
The world evolves and so does the ways of teaching , education is one of the most important thing because although it may sound a little bit ` cliche` , today 's children are tomorrow 's adults , Hence , it is wise to ask ourselves if understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts , when i thing about it , there 's no good answer at this kind of question because understanding concepts and learning facts are both important .
Of course if you study philosophy , understanding ideas is vital and if you study law you 'll have to learn facts but in most of other fields the best thing to do is to understand and learn .
When i was in highschool i hated learning facts because it was extremely boring , i thought that what mattered the most was understanding what the teachers were talking about , that 's why i was always paying attention in class but since i hated facts i was n't studying much at home .
I was an average student with average grades but i think that had i spent more time learning basic facts i could have had much better grades .
Of course only learning facts is n't very helpfull if you do n't understand concepts .
Some people only care for facts and could n't care less about what 's behind them , i think it 's quite sad because you ca n't base your opinion on facts alone , you have to understand what 's the true meaning of the facts you 're looking at , Now , when i learn a fact i always try to understand the idea that it 's implying and when i come to understand a concept i try to learn some facts that can be related to it , In a word , i think that students should understand concepts and learn facts , they should n't have to choose between both .
Cars are the most convenient and usable transportations in the world .
Also , almost every people have car for transportation and for their hobbies , too .
Therefore , I think that in twenty years usage of cars will increase in order to decrease .

First of all , cars have variety of usage areas for every kind of transportation facilities .
Day by day , population of the world increases parallel to the consumption of cars .
Many people need cars for private voyage from their homes to their jobs or for their holidays .
In addition , some people - especially young people - have passion to modify their cars .
It seems to me that cars are the toys of young generation .
Secondly , many people afraid of travelling by plane or by ships in the oceans .
For example ; the most famous artist in Turkey , who is Kemal Sunal , always used car becuse he is always afraid of air plane .
He made film in the Pyramids and he had travelled from Istanbul to Pyramids by car .
Therefore , cars are the first , unique and remarkable choice for them .
Thirdly , car is the cheapest transportation in many countries .
Around the world , a lot of people go other cities or countries for holidays , trips and for jobs .
They always consider the most suitable way for the transportation .
As the technology improving , cars will become more comfortable and cheaper .

In conclusion , in the future there will be more cars in use than today .
Usage of cars is not suspected to decrease because cars are the unique and cheap transportation vehicles in the world .
Personally , I am disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
In my opinion , I have three reasons to support my saying , they are the increasing community service certification , the sense of youth social responsibility , and the expend concept of international community .

Firstly , the increasing community service certification among campus .
For example , there are more and more universities provide community service certification to encourage students to contribute more time to helping their communities .
Under the improvement of community service certification , more young people are eager to give more time to do so .

In addition , the sense of youth social responsibility is addressed among society recently .
For instance , a lot of NGOs hold seminasr and conferences to bring youth people together to discuss the issue of youth social responsibility .
Meanwhile , more young people express their opinion on internet platform and implement action among their communities .
Furthermore , the development of techonology bring chances and channels for youth people to contribute their thoughts and effors for community service .
For example , I have joined an online conference which was about youth community action , mainly connected between Taipei and Kaohsiung .
To decrese the cost of transportation and physical attendance time , I still had the opportunity to express my opinion and had the smooth interaction with other participants .

Finally , The expend concept of international community arises .
According to the idea of globalization , there is no limitation among countries , especially there is no barriers between commmunities .
For instance , I can easily reach another community to have cooperation for improving my community 's weakness .
Moreover , the use of technology for communication , young people develop their potential to make positive impact to helping their communities internationally .
For example , I had a discussion forum on my blog of September , 21st earthquake recovery several years ago .
There were quite vast young people replied and gave me advices to make some improvements for my community .

To summarize , the increasing community service certification among university fields , the addressed sense of youth social responsibility , and the international community concept are main support evidence to prove that young people nowadays do make efforts and give a lot of time to helping their communities .
The world in which we are living today is shrinking .
With the advent of computers and internet , it is possible to stay back at home and work .
Daily we are flooded with so much information .
Today , undoubtedly , information is the key to success .
In this new environment , it is important that one should possess variety of information .
Lots of new opportunities are created because of these radical changes .
However , I believe that though variety in learning is important , specialization in one subject is critical for the survival .

With the increasing competition , maintaining the superiority and growth potential in one 's profession is becoming increasing difficult .
If you are not the best then somebody who is , will definitely replace you .
It is particularly important in today 's scenario .
There is a lot of change happenning around us .
Sometimes good and sometimes bad .
Consider an example of recession in the U.S IT industry in the year 2001 .
Lots of software professionals were fired and given pink slips in those days .
However , those who had sound knowledge and degree behind them managed to stay back in business .

Consider an example of a doctor .
If someboby is suffering from a heart problem and needs an heart transplant , he will definitely prefer a cardiac surgeon and not an M.B.B.S who has the knowledge about all medical problems .
In short , some professions strictly need super specialized knowledge to be successful .

If we are talking about primary education and even undergraduate studies , learning many subjects is of prime importance .
However , when we taught about graduate studies and work environment , it is extremely important to have specialized knowledge .

I will summarize by repeating that a broad knowledge base is of no use unless we use it in acquiring specialization in one specific subject .
Nowadays , we are more and more affected by the advertisements in our everyday life , in which we can hardly avoid facing them .
Some people would deem that most advertisements are very acurate and truely display the quality of the products , others , in contrast , totally disagree with it which is also my point of view .
There are numerous reasons to support my idea and I would like to introduce two of the most conspicuous ones .

First , the purpose of advertisement desides its nature .
We know that the advertisements are used for introduction , for which tons of money are invested by the companies to make their products well-known and popular .
What they expect are the profits , they need the commercials to bring in more money .
So of course they want to show the customers the best sides of their products , while some times it is true and may not so appliable in other conditions .
Take the soda pepsi for example , in the commercials the pepsi seems like to be so cool and so delicious and drinkable , it can wipe out all of your heat within , but actually any kinds of beverage can make it .
So the nature of advertisement for making more profits for the company make it display the best point of one product , which make the products seem much better .

It might be too arbitrary to deside that most advertisements are `` fake '' only by what I listed above .
Another reason for my inclination that they are not so accurate lies in the effect of stars .
The commercials tend to hire stars as their spokesman , for example , the film stars , sports stars and beautiful models .
The results are very obvious , make the customs to believe that they can become stars if they use the same products , which is an additional function that the product cannot actually provide .
Take a certain brand of eye cream for example , if in the advertisement Nicole Kidman is introducing this brand , customers will tend to believe that that eye cream will make them as fabulous as Nicole , while sadly they may not be .
So the effect of the product is enhanced by the stars , resulting in the relatively fake impression to the buyers that the product is better .

All in all , based on what we have discussed above , we can get the conclusion that although most of the advertisements are true , but the added effect may be fake to some extend .
One thing I have learned from both experience in reality and in academic training is that truth should be stated with qualifications , So I would say that this statement is not a hundred percent true .
Successful people in my definition , at least do one thing better than others .
And as the limitation of human life and energy in contrast with the immense diverse activities that might be of interest to you , I feel that successful people are more specialists than generalists .

I would appreciate people with the courage and enthusiaism to try new things and take risks as this would probably lead to discovery of new knowledge of world and of oneself .
The first kind of fruits is most evident with various kinds of inventions and innovations .
Edison is an old but always appopriate example .
The man is full of creativity and spent his life exploiting this talent , leaving us hundreds of inventions and shine up our lives literally .

The second part of the meaning of trying new things is more subtle .
This is actually in accordance with the Delphic words : `` Know thyself '' .
I personally believe not many of us know what materials we are at an early stage of life .
Much of our time and energy is spent in a trial and error pprocess which may last to different stages of our life depending on the difference of perseverance and energy and luck .
We try new things to see a new us and the experience is our treasure that we carry on .
Some people are quite lucky to know what they want at a relatively early age but this does not mean they are unsuccessful , on contrast , their chance of success may be higher as they have more time to develop that aspect as we agree that it is not easy to really do something better than others .
Mozart and Bethoven who I bet did not do major things outside music and they do it from childhood .
They demonstrate their expertise from very young and this is the only passion of their life .
This is quite the same situation with other genius .
They know how to write well , paint well or compose well and they do it all the time .
They may try other things as a diversion , but I guess what we label them successful rests on this main talent .

So different people can succeed in different ways .
I would not think it very wise to identify characteristics and qualities that a successful person must possess .
A spirit of discovery and exploration would be helpful .
As we generally do not know what we will do well , it is natrual that we have higher chances to discover it by trying new things and taking risks .
A higher probablity is stated on this assumption .
I disagree with the following statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today as following reasons .

First , Instead of cars , nothing will be improved and developed in twenty years .
I can not find any special reason which there will be fewer car in use than there are today .
In addition to cars , we use trains , planes and ship everywhere , however , cars are the most useful and convenient for people .
For example , it is very easy to go from the house to the destinaion for children and disabled people especially .
They do not need to walk to the station and airports .

Second , there will be fewer population in twenty years .
People have their own cars .
If the population decrease drastically , the amount of the cars will decrease .
However , it is said that Chinese and Indian population will increase drastically .
It means they will have the chance to get their own cars in twenty years .
For example , in Japan it will have the chance to increase many cars due to traffic circumstances .
It is said that there will be 25 % of old people living .
I think they can not continue to use Japanese railway and subway .
There are a lot of problems for them .
First , there are not eleveters at the stations .
It is impossilbe to use the station forever even if they are healthy .
Second , there is a ruch hour , commuting time every day .
It start at 9 o'clock and finish at 5 o'clock at Japanese companies .
Even if you are young student and office workers , it is difficult to adjust to the curcumstances .

In conclusion , I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I think it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

In my own experience , I have seen this all along my life and work .
If you specialize in only one specific subject , you will always be limited to a very small field of action and will not be able to work or give opinions in other areas that could be related to yours if that were the case .

This tendency sytarted with Ford company in the assembly lines in the beginning of the century when Henry Ford launched his first mass produced car .
every person in the assembly line had a specific task to carry out and that was all they did .
Well , at the very beginning , this might have been good but after a while I do not think that those people like their jobs very much .
It is boring and routinary and of course production levels decrease .
And this does not only happen in an assembly line , it can be applied to every field of action .

During the eighties this specialization had a terrible drawback General Motors Corporation fired a lot of workers and obviously these people were not prepared to find and do another job but what they had been doing for a long time .
Those workers had to even go back to school in oreder to learn something else to do in todays world .

This fact and other make me agree with the statement .
When you know different subjects and have knowledge of them you are more prepared to survive in this everyday changing society , you can adapt more to those changes if you are used to manage something from different areas of knowledge .

I am a teacher of English in my country but first of all I am a teacher who teaches values , habits , culture , etc. and then I teach English .
In this country , the United States , I try to do the same .
That is I am applying my experiences and adapting them to a totally new atmosphere were my culture and habits could be old fashioned or not accepted .
Even , I have had to learn from other cultures in order to deliver my information better and more accurately .

As an another example , I like to answer those questions about culture and all types of knowledge of the television contests , and of course I like it when my answer is the correct one .

Sometimes specialization is good but we never have to be so specialized on something we need to know about everything that is around us and that affect the way we live .
I can not only drive my car not knowing that I am also depleting the ozone layer when I do it .
We have to be more concious and in order to do so we need the most important thing these days KNOWLEDGE .
The topic is whether in twenty years we will have fewer cars in use than they are today .
I disagree to the topic and believe that twenty years from now we will have more cars in use than are present today .
In last two decades the sales of cars has continuously shown upwar trend , right from small segment to large segment cars sales has increased and it is predicted that the trend will continue and so will be the increase in use of cars for coming decades .

Also urbanisation will play an important role in increased number of cars in use in next twenty years .
Because of urbanisation people are able to spend more and their buying capacity has increased .
Also it has led to development of big cities and towns where an individual has to travel a lot in any particular day .
It will definitely lead to increase in number in use of cars as people will require a convenient mode for commutation .
With globalisation and development being a part of today 's world an increase in urban areas is inevitable and so will be the increase in number of cars in use .

I think that twenty years from now with the increase in population and distances the public mode of commutation wont be so effective and people will look for much convenient mode that is cars .

Also with culture of `` i dont care '' , people will not prefer public mode of transport as that will be more insecure and prone to accidents and thefts .
Instead they will choose their own vehicles probably cars to commute .

With advancement in science and technology the efficiency of cars can be increased and in future we hope to have alternate and cheap fuel .
This will definitely lead to increase in use of cars as operating expenses will come down for cars and people will try to have more cars for their convenience and as well as it will be a cheap mode of commutation .

With extensive research we hope that we will have more environment friendly fuels and cars in market that will lead to increase in use of cars in next twenty years .

Also with increase in number of luxury cars and cars suited to varied tastes of people , I expect that people will go for more purchase of cars and this will result in increased in use of cars .

With technology available to renovate the cars and make old cars look new with small investments , I think use of cars is going to increase in next twenty years .
In all cheap fuel , better facilities , easy loan availability and convenience in transport will lead to increase in use of cars in twenty years .
Nowadasys the rythm of life is becoming more and more frantic , and this is quite evident and clear to all of us .
Anyway I 'm not of the opinion that today we are losing values and dedicating our time to unuseful or trivial things .
I strongly desagree with the statement proposed and defenitely do n't want to believe that young people do n't spend time helping the community they live in .

First of all , I want to notice that the chances , offered by society , to join voluntary activities and projects , are much more publicized today than before .
Thanks to technological progresses , our wide and fast way of communication make it easier to know the great variety of opportunity for helping someone and somewhere that everyday comes out : from workcamps to sport events , from working with children to bringing help to old people who live alone , and so on .

The environment a young volunteer can find himself in , is never the same so he/she does n't get bored .

Moreover , the several opportunities are available for all the ages , there are not volunteers too young or to old , just volunteers that want to get on their bike and work a bit for the others .

I had a personal experience that gave me an important teaching and that I hope my children will desire to do too .
Last year I joined a group of 23 international volunteers in Kenya and the aim of the project was to build a road ( or may I should say a way ) in the middle of a forest to make children able to go to school .
It has been an experience unforgettable from many points of view : we were helping that african community and they were very kind with us , we lived in strict contact , so I got the chance to know a different culture in a deep way .

Concluding , I believe that today young people have in mind that every opportunity to help the community and to join a voluntary project , can be an extremely significant tool to mature and also a cultural exchange as much important as unexpected .
I agree with the idea that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
Advertisement itself is the way the company tell the people what they are making for them , the main propuse of making a advertisement is to convey people to buy their product .
It is the same as you are applying for college .
You do want the admission officer to see the advantages you have , and avoid the disadvantages as possible as you can .
By doing so , you are tring to perswade the admission officer to let you enter the college .
These is just as same as what companies doing to their coustmers by making advertisements .

Think about it , if there are two apples on the table , one is big and red while another is small and green , which one would you prefer by just looking at them ?
Of course the one that looks better !
When we are watching an advertisement , the product are often looks really good , or even better than they really are .
However , that not because the advertisement maker is cheating us , they just want us to feel better by the first looking at the product since we had never seen it before .
For example , when a professional photographor is taking pictures of a new product , say , wine , for a company , he may use the mixture of red ink and water instead of using the real wine .
Becasuse when he put the mixture under the light , it look more clear than wine and people would like these kind of things .

When people have a good first visual impress of the product , they would possiblely going to buy it , and before they really hold the product in their hands , it have nothing to do wheater the product is good or not .
Since then , advertisements have finished their job .
The young people these days do not give sufficient time to help their communities .
In this fast moving world young people must allocate sufficient amount of time to help their communities .
I certainly agree that young people do not devote enough time to help their communities .

Firstly , the world has become so materialistic that everyone thinks in terms of monetary gains .
People do something if they get money out of it and are least interested in offering voluntary help to the people in their community .
Let us take the example of a graduate student who is willing to teach undergraduates at a university since he is monetarily rewarded but , is completely reluctant to teach the poor students of his neighbourhood as he is not paid for it .

Secondly , the population of the world is increasing at a very rapid pace which results in tremendous competition .
There is a decrease in wages and people have to work for longer duration in order to survive .
As a result of this a person earlier had more time at leisure to help the communities wheras the current generation would like to do other recreational activities rather than helping their communities .

Thirdly , there has been a drastic change in the attitude of the current younger generation .
The current generation lacks the moral values that existed in the past and have become very selfish these days .
Take the case of a young boys who are influenced by movies which do not believe in doing anything that does not give them anything back in return .

Nevertheless , we always find some good young people who make it a point to find some time and help their communities despite having hectic schedules .
They feel that by offering services to community they are serving the Almighty .

However , I firmly feel that very few young people give enough time to their communities due to change in attitudes , greed for wealth and increasing competition .
I do not agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
To my mind , it is true that successful people are willing to take risks , but I think that they balance out advantages and disadvantages of an occasion better than people who are not as successful .
They apply their knowlege to the topical situation and know how to cope with it .
Most likely successful people have had many experiences and thus have learned when they can take risks and when it is too dangerous .
Stereotypically , successful people are wealthy and thus have to consider their capital .

As a contrast to these people , I think that people who are not as successful are willing to take more risks , in order to become successful because to their mind it might be their last chance to reach what they have worked for .
In my opinion , they do not have to care as much about any disadvantages or about the risks certain steps bring along .
They do not have as much to loose as very successful people .

However , there is another group of successful people : The successful people who only see the money , the success and the fame and therefore take any risk without considering negative effects .
They are willing to risk a good working climate and even friendships to become more and more successful .
These carrierists are very ambitious and most likely very egoistic , too .
They just see the benefit for themselves and do not care about anybody else .

To my mind one cannot divide people in risk taking successful people and careful non successful people .
It always depends on the situation they face .
If it is someone 's last chance to rescue a company , even the most careful successful person might consider taking the risk .
And on the other hand a non successful person might not take a risk because of any consequences , even if there is not as much to loose .
I disagree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , for I believe that the purpose of travelling is not just to have fun and relax with other people , but it can also be an opportunity for you to increase your own knowledge about a specific event that occured in the place in the past .
Thus , I think that the best way to travel is not always in a group , but it can also be in an individual or in couples , depending on why you have chosen to travel and what you want to gain from your trip .

When I travelled to Hiroshima last year with my sister , I was convinced that travelling in a group is not always the best .
The reason why I wanted to travel to Hiroshioma in the first place was that I wanted to learn more about the Japanese history regarding its surrender during World War II .
The aim of the trip was therefore not to have a fun , relaxing time being free from school work or anything , but it was for me to increase my own knowledge about my own country .
It was meant to be serious .

I decided to take my sister with me as I realized that she knew more about the specific event than I did .
I expected that she would help me interpret the things we would see in Hiroshima , like the atomic-bombed dome .
As a result of this trip , we both had a great time .
I managed to learn a lot about the history Japan has gone through , and my sister also enjoyed guiding me in Hiroshima .
The way we did not take any of our freinds with us allowed me to concentrate on the aims I had for the trip .
Furthermore , we were given an opportunity to have deeper conversations than we had ever had , and we became closer than before .
I can surely say that the trip would not have been as good as this if we travelled in a group .

As it can be seen , it is totally possible to have a great trip even if you are not travelling in a group .
How great the trip would become depends significantly on what you wish to gain from the trip .
If being in a group is not the best way for you to fulfil your aim , then that might mean that travelling alone is better for you to fully enjoy your trip .
Nowadays there is a big competition between companies which launch a product in the same market because every company will have a big market share and a high number of selled products and a high net profit .
Because of this fact most of the corporations and other limited companies go to an advertising agency for producing advertising campaigns .
These were used , for example in the television or in newspapers to raise the turnover of companies which are selling these products .
But the question is : are the statements about the offered features from the products right ?
In my opinion advertising spots do not show the reality over the products .
So the products are not as good as they were shown in advertising spots .
For example the cars of mercedes-benz were published in tv as the most luxury and comfortable cars .
As one can see mercedes has big technical problems with their model E-Klasse .
Another point to mention is the fact that some products have other ingredients than in the advertisements published , for example products from the discounter Aldi .
Aldi offers his customers rice which was genetically manipulated .
But I believe that a company which wants to launch a new product on the market has to make it better through advertising than it really is because customers do not buy a new product if this product has the same features or ingredients than a product which has been sold since 10 years .
Additionally one can say that the advertising market is very big in the whole world .
So advertising agencies have to offer to the public very great advertising spots with the best products for beeing competitive in the advertising market , because the agencies will get a high return of investment in future .
But it could be a disadvantage of the fact that products are not as good as published that customers can be lost because the products the company offers are not as good as published in the advertisements .
So the customers are unsatisfied with the products and buy these products by a market follower or another company .

All these arguments leave me with just one conclusion namely that customers should buy products which they really need and not because of the fact that these products were published in the advertising spots .
I agree to the statement .
There are many steps on developing students ' cognitive capacity .
Students are learning from imitating their parents and teachers .
And they are learning the facts by taking lessons from them .
Leaning facts is very important .
Students learn from historical facts and scientific facts .
Those facts that they have learned may stimulate the students ' cognitive capacity and interest .
But when they learn only facts without understanding ideas and concepts they just memorize and simply accumuklate them to their knowledge .

`` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
When students understand ideas and cncepts it is harder for them to forget the facts than they just learn facts .
When students understand ideas and concepts , they can learn why the facts come to exist and how to develop from the facts to the further levels of knowledge .
There are basic ideas and concepts underlying the facts .
Students should know them to connect the facts that are related to .

Knowledge is accumulation of facts .
But students need to apply the facts that they have learned into thier real lives .
To apply the facts that they have learned into their lives they must understand ideas and concepts underlying the facts .
When they understand ideas and concepts they can develop more from what they have learned .
Further inquiry based on the facts that they have learned with ideas and concepts will stimulate their academic interest and help them advance their learning and achievement .

Understanding ideas and concepts also help students to organize what they have leraned and how to relate to one another in their cognitive organization .
Later on they can deliver and teach what they have learned to anohte students or their students who want to know more about the facts .
Teaching ideas and concepts to their friends and students will help them learn more easily from them .

Therefore understanding ideas and concepts are more important than just learing facts .
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think in twenty year there will be more cars than today .
My opinion is based on the following reasons .

First , the cars are the most individual transportation tools .
They give people the freedom to choose when to leave and where to go and can make the journey more convinient .
As the society develops , pressure will increase and we are more and more likely to search for the freedom in our lives .
Cars are a good choice .
Although more cars will result in traffic jams in cities , people are building the cross bridges to solve the problem .

Second , many people may argue that the waste gas from the cars are one of the major reasons that pollute air .
However , scientists now have developed many kinds of cars that use clean energy such as the energy from the sun and so on .
These kinds of cars are in use in some countries by some people .
Moreover , scientists and manufacturers are trying their best to put these new cars into markets , aiming that these cars will be affordable for the public .
At the same time , scientists are also doing great effort to improve the speed of the these new cars .
And I believe in a near future , these new cars using clean energy source , will be as fast as the cars nowadays .
Also , I think the clean energy will also be used in the cars today , which will greatly decrease the pollution made now .
As a result , the major obstacle that prevent car using will be removed .

Third , as the economy of the world develops , the price of cars will go down , as well as the new cars .
Meanwhile the ability of people to buy cars will increase .
More people in the developed countries will own cars .
Each family or person will own more cars .
Further , more people in the developing or less developed countries will buy cars .
For example , in China only a few people have cars , and as the ability of consumption advances , more and more people are planning to buy cars .
And I think in the near future , there will more cars than now will be seen in the roads of China .

In conclusion , I think the number of the cars will increase , because cars can give every one a feeling of freedom , and as many problems caused by cars can be solved and the more and more people are able to afford a car , we are willing to buy this kind of freedom of our lives .
Travelling in a group led by a tour guide can have disadvanntages and advantages .
I prefer travelling without a tour guide or even without a group .
What I like about travelling alone is that you can make every decision very spontaniously .
You can choose where to go next and what to visit each day depanding on the weather , your mood or your finances .
In comparisons to travelling with a tour guide , which contains a very rigid schedule without any leeway , travelling alone is preferable if the target of your trip is pleasure more than obtaining as much information and facts as possible .
A different perspecitve is travelling with a tour guide provides you with detailed information about cultures and history that only experts can deliver .
and you do not have to invest as much time to plan out your whole trip .
The trip has already beplanned by the tour guide .
This can cease in a deeper insight with less effort .
On the other hand travelling independently could open opportunities that tour guides can not offer .
For example , two summers ago I traveled to Spain fore two weeks .
In those two weeks I learned more about cultuer than every expert could have brought to me .
I got to know a local girl my age and we became good friend .
She invited me to her families house for dinner and even to a wedding of her sister .
I gained a deep understanding of the intrinsic cultural differences as well as differences in every day life .
A neagtive point of travelling independently is that it involves more effort .
I you want for example not to stay in one specific town , it needs a lot of encouragement and knowledge to find out bus schedules and upcoming fees .
And at the end the trip might not even be worth it since you do not know what to expect and where to go .
The contemporary society is used to asociate young people to energy , optimisim and hapiness .
I think that old people can enjoy life as young people do .

First of all , as life span is ever increasing , old people can enjoy a large retirememt period than before .
A lot of activitites are specially designed for them .
For instance , they can return to the university to attend classes .
That is a wonderful opportunity , especially for those who did n't have the opportunity to complete their studies .
They can even benefit from special fees as regard transport and entertaiment , and realise some dreams they never thought due to a lack of time and money .
That why you can see many old people in touristic countries such as egypt for instance .

Moreover , in the current society , the old are not viewed as they used to .
Because of the advances of medecines , old people are much fitfull than before .
Some have the abilities to keep working or practising sports .
I heard about a special new agency that proposes special part time jobs for old people who want to share their knowledges and their experiences with young executives within a company .

At the end of your life you are supposed to be wiser and clever .
All depends on your health .
But if you look at people such as the Dalay Lama , you can hardly be afraid of getting old .
Energy is not a synonimous of childhood .
All is a question of personality .
Many public figures displaid in the magazines feel better in their body and in their mind because they are fifty years old .

To conclude , I think that the ability to enjoy life is not directly linked with your age .
Our society is getting older and that does n't mean that it is getting out of order or worse sadder .
All depends on everyone 's personaity , mental and physical situation .
my grandmother is always in movement .
That the best evidence for me that
Advertising is one of the key factors in the success of a product in market .
Some people feel that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I do not agree with this and will explain my point of view in the following paragraphs .

In today 's world , there is a lot of awareness among consumers and the product manufacturers know that they cannot fool them by giving false impressions about their product .
They know that if they give a false picture of their product in an advertisement , they might fool customers for a short term but in the long run customers will know the real picture .
Therefore , intelligent and successful businessmen refrain from wrongly advertising their product .
Thus , we generally do not see an add of a product that projects it falsely .

In today 's world , only the best products are able to sustain themselves in the market .
It is generally these successful companies who can afford to invest and do invest lot of money in advertising .
As the market is very competitive , there is little or no difference in the quality of products from two companies .
The motive of advertising of such companies is to catch consumers ' imagination , to influence them emotionally so that they buy their product instead of their competitor 's product .
Therefore , I do not think that companies that manufacture products that do not meet the market standards ever advertise their product .
Neither do they have the money nor is it worth spending money because there are better products available in market and consumers already know that .

If we observe the advertisements nowadays , we find that they are very creative .
Companies sometimes do blow up their product in their advertisement but that is just to make their add more interesting and appealing than that of their competitor .
They do not project wrong information about their product .

Therefore , I feel that advertisements project the product that they advertise correcty and that in today 's world , they cannot survive in the market if they advertise a product falsely .
I agree that it is very essential for students to understand ideas and concepts .
There is a saying that if you give a man a fish to eat he will eat only for one day , but if you teach him how to fish he will have food to eat for the rest of his life .
The same principle applies here : If a students merely memorises or learns the facts without understanding the reason behind it he will have to keep going back and reviewing over and over again to remember the material , but if he understands the reasoning behind it , he will never forget it .

Let me explain my reasoning using an example from physiology .
In physiology we learn that the Sodium potassium pump is very essential for the functioning of the body .
The sodium is present outside the cell and the potassium is inside the cell .
exchange of these ions occurs with the help of the sodium - potassium ATPase pump .
sodium can come in and out of the cell through the voltage gated channels but potassium does not need these channels .
It has ungated channels .
It leaks out of the cell constantly .
If this pump is disrupted due to injury , sodium gets trapped inside of the cell and this causes the swelling of the cell .
this is what we see when a person is injured , or when they have a heart attack or when they have a stroke .
If the student does n't understand the simple mechanism of this pump , he will keep learning about swelling in different areas of the body without being able to link it to one small process and keep learning the same thing over and over again without making a connection and wasting his valuable time .

Therefore , I believe that every student should first be able to understand the concepts before they proceed to study something new .
Most of the new stuff We learn is an old idea in a new package with a different fancy name .
Do young people really enjoy life more than older people do ?
Generally spoken , probably not many would refute the statement , that younger people enjoy life more than the elder .
This essay tries to come up with some theories about the reasons for this common oppinion .

First of all , every old person happened to be young once .
This means they probably partied , travelled , hang around with friends , laughed , joked , went to the public pool , and did everything else what ( young ) one would identify as `` enjoying life '' .
As they became older , the preferences of `` enjoying '' changed continually .
Maybe they founded a family and got children or the started a successful carrer .
They surely had pleasure with this part of their lives as well .

As they became old , they retired from their jobs and their children were young women and men themselves .
Once again their side of view about `` enjoying life '' changed .
They now have time to collect stamps , reading books , spending time with their grandchildren , and so on .
One would say , they became wize and settled down .
They look back on their lives and enjoy what they achieved .

Of course these are examples of lucky and happy people .
There are also many retired who sit all they in some pubs and get drunk .
As well there are many young ones behaving rather `` boring '' compared to others .
But these are rather the exceptions to the rule .

These statements clearly point out that it is very difficult and probably not consistent to compare the joy of life between young and old .
First , it is hard to find a possible definition of what `` enjoying life '' means .
Second , there is an existence of a kind of conflict between the views of the generations themselves about the meaning of `` enjoying life '' .

There is no way for a fair comparability between the joy of life of the two positions , old and young .
Therefore I conclude with the statement that both young and old enjoy their lives equally strong , but in a very different way .
While the young ones have an urge to express themselves and show their way of enjoying , the elder enjoy more for themselves , intristic and quiet .
Even though joung people usually like enjoying themselves more than older people do , this is not necessarily true .
For exemple , you could meet a really cool 60-years-old man that does everything in his power to have fun and make life worth of being lived , and a very boring 20-years-old boy who will never step out of his house except to go to school .

On the other hand , iif it 's true that joung people do enjoy life more , it could be because of the belief that one would better take advantage of its youth before it is too late .

I do not totally agree with that statement , in fact I think that people should have the courage of enjoy their whole life , without wasting all their chances while they are just teenagers or waiting too long to start following their dreams .

Talking about real facts and people , I could nominate as many teens as older people that are enjoying their lifes .
Today 's world offers chances to have fun to people of all ages : there are a lot of parks and resorts where a child can go and enjoy a few days and where its parents would have a great time too .

Holiday resorts where my grandparents would love to spend a few week can be found almost anywhere , and of course there are a lot of structures that offer amusement to teens between 15 and 30 years old .
So , if a person wants to `` enjoy its life '' , there is nothing keeping him from doing that .

Nevertheless , we will always meet someone who is not wanting to do any of these .
And if we really pay attention to it , we will find out that this kind of behavior is present in people of all ages , there in not a real average .
If one wants to have fuun , he will do it , and if he does n't he will not .
Maybe it 's just another way of enjoying life , even though most people consider it boring and worthless .
I heard a joke once that goes like this : God when creating the species gave the dog a life span of 30 years , the monkey 20 years and human beings 20 .
But the greedy man asked God for the 30 years the dog had and the 20 years the monkey had and God granted this wish .
Thats why they say that in the first 20 years human beings enjoy life as they are supposed to , then they get jobs and work like a dog in the next 30 years and then they retire and entertain grandchildren like a monkey in the remaining 20 .
Alltough this joke is n't entirely related to my thoughts it shows that in the first 20 years human being have more fun then in their older age .
So I personnaly agree that young people enjoy life more since they have very few cares or responsibilities in life , raging hormones which make them feel more lively and bigger hopes for the future which make them more optimistic towards life .

Firstly when a person is young he does n't have any responsibilites that would stress him out .
He does n't have to pay any bills , or think about the future of a child or exhaust himself day in and day out in a job .
All he has to do is go to school get good grades and thats it .
All the rest are problems that his parents have to think about .
It is probably the only period in his life that he is only living for ` himself` .
Not anybody else .

Secondly a young person has more hormones running through his body during growth .
He is wild and crazy and his body is pumping adrenaline and having fun just seems like an instinct .
Hanging out with friends , going out at night , not caring what to do is a phase that probably all people go through when they are young but seize to do as they get old .
The hormones diminish with age and eventually people tend to settle down .

Last but not least young people have bigger hopes and dreams for the future making them more optimistic towards life .
They can dream of their first job , their future spouse or maybe even the first car they will buy for themselves whereas as time goes by the experiences in life stop becoming a first .
Since they are more enthusiastic towards their future goals they will enjoy everything more compared to a person who finds everything a routine .

So in conclusion I agree with the statement which says that young people enjoy life more then older people do since they have less stress causing responsibilities , more hormones to make them feel more lively and , greater expectations in life .
The issue raised is a very important issue as it creates a lot of hesitation in the minds of many individuals .
I strongly agree it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I stick to this opinion for the following reasons .

The first reason i would prefer having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is because it gives an overall idea to the individual .
For example , a student like mechanical engineer will learn academic subjects like electrical , electronics , computers etc ..
other than his mechanical specialisation subjects .
This will dope him with knowledge when it comes to design of a product say a car as it invloves the mechanical design and the electrical arrangement .

another reason is specialistaion in one subject poses barricades being employed in an organisation where the organisation needs skills in all round aspects of academic subjects .
to illustrate this point i explain the desired qualities a CNC lathe operator should possess to seek a job .
For this the operator should have knowledge about the computer programming which performs various jobs as programmed and mechanical knowledge for assistance .
An organisation prefers to hire the operator who has knowledge in both fields of computers and mechanical academic subjects .
An operator may not be employed if he is specialised in only one field without having any knowledge about other subjects .

Finally , specialisation may end up as time consuming process .
A modern industry comprises of an integrated methods of manufacturing and specialisation may delay the overall manufacturing time in the workstation say an automotive industry where different components of the products are needed to be alligned as one at the end .
Suppose a person is specialised in designing the product say the car he may not know what voltage should be need inorder to iginite the engine .
so he needs to seek the electrical guy for this which is absolutely time consuming .
If he would have braod knowledge of many academic subjects like the electrical knowlegde , he can desing the car in a shorter time .

In conclusion , at the end of the day the bottom line i pronounce is it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one specific subject as specialisation in one specific subject addresses complexity .
Advertisements will do anything to grab your attention .
Whether it be a commercial on television , a page in the magazine , or a billboard .
Make up , food , clothing , or any other product that seems appealing to people these days , are always advertised much better than they truly are .

It 's always exciting for women to see the gorgeous eyelashes in the magazines from a certain mascara .
It looks long and thick in the magazines , but once you buy it , it looks nothing like what you saw .
Being angry and throwing the mascara away wo n't help .
That 's just the way advertisements are .
They are made to attract people and made for people to buy what they are trying to advertise .
Or else , what 's the point ?
Why would an advertisement be about something to make people sick to the stomach ?
( Unless it was about not doing drugs and showing a picture of what it could do to you . )

I remember when I was in second grade and I was walking through a store and I came upon this barbie convertible .
The box had a picture with Barbie and Ken in it , and I thought wow how great !
A convertible with Ken AND Barbie in it for only 20 dollars ? !
However , when I got home and opened it , I realized that it was only the convertible .
Little did I know , the advertisement on the box had in tiny words `` Barbie and Ken not included . ''
Even if it has the words in tiny letters on the side , the advertisement is still tricking you and having your mind not even think twice about reading the box or paying attention and just buying it .
If the picture on the box only had a convertible , it would look dull and unappealing to most , and therefore they would n't earn any money .

The commercial industry always has to make a product look better than it really is .
Even when it comes to pens , they have to make it look like the coolest pen in the world .
The smallest products in the world are advertised to look better than they really are , and it 's all for business , and money .
I do agree with the point that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today cars which are useful in travelling is very common today as it is one of the greatest invention of the centuary .
earlier it was asl status symbol , but now a days almost every man who are doing jobs had a car .

Although car is very useful in many ways the disadvantages it has overrides the advantages .
As it is one of the main cause for the pollution producing some hazardeous gases in the atmosphere .
this makes health problems to lot of people , people then realize that it is better to not to have car .

Nowadays cars are one of the main cause of traffic chaos in main cities , a survey tells that there are 100 cars on road per every minute , if this situation continues there will be lot problems on earth causing global warming .
today most people are educated and can understand the problems arising by the pollution .

Government and some other social organisation should take the responsibility to educate the people .
Goverment should pass some rules such as ` one car per home and if anyone having extra car have to pay some high tax ' , this type of steps may reduce the usage of automobiles .
it is responsibility of every individual to protect the earth and in twenty years every person will be aware of this and will take care of his earth by reducing the over usage of automobiles .
In next twenty years there will be less usage of automobiles .
as the situation will demand every person to do so .
otherwise there is danger for the mankind on earth .

thus based on point that automobiles such as cars are causing a lot of damage to the environment , i think there will be fewer cars in use than ther are now
I would most certainly disagree with the statement that , young people of today do not give enough time to helping their communities .
At first sight , it might appear so because of their comaprison with youth of previous generations .
But the new problems have arisen and if examples of these are considered , the vision of the youth to helping and building their communities is clear and direct .

The youth of today are marching forward in the realms of technical development and innovation but at the same time , not shying away from their responsibilities towards their community .
Working in the role of a software engineer in the growing IT industry , along with my team at work , I have organised and participated in blood camp drives .
We have also participated in sessions to spread awareness for the need of preservation of wildlife .
We actively focus on issues at the local community level and try to bring them to the notice of the municipal administration .

The youth has also been actively involved in issues of preservation of cultures .
Oragnisation of festivals and celebrating them with full enthusiasm is easily visible with the media attention it attracts along with the steadily increasing participation .
Tradition is what binds a community together and the youth has held onto this thread of distinctiveness .

The world today today has moved from a set of local communities to a global village .
The biggest threat to the entire world arises from the spread of HIV/AIDS .
This generation has been completely receptive and also taken responsibility to eradicate this threat from the face of the earth .
By spreading education about the reasons of its uncontrolled growth , the youth has shared responsibility with governments from world over , who have provided funds for the same .
By fighting this as a world community , we will be able to eliminate this disease .

The commitment and time by young people nowadays towards helping their communities has not dipped .
The youth understands the responsibility laid down on its shoulders and promises not to disappoint anyone .
Life is not a one subject thing .
As I learned during my high school , we need to have a broad knowledge , to see things as a whole .
In life everything is a consequence , interrealtions between different areas of knowledge .
You shouldnt limit yourself to one area .

I studied in an Interdisciplinary program , which has as main objective to see knowledge as a whole by making conections between differents subjects having as main axe History .
I found it so much more interesting this way .
You can understand why things happened , per example the relation between music , art and war in the second half of the XX century .
If you see each of this areas alone , you will have an incomplete version , because you are taking the situations out of their context .

Also if you focalize your stuides in only one area .
You are limitating your vision of the world .
Because there is no point in knowing everything about one topic .
You will be missing so many things .
In my case , I like more than one subject .
I dont want to choose only one .
Why are we forced to specialize in one subject , if at the end we will need more than one .
Thats why i decided to follow a university carreer in which i can choose any class that i like , regardless the area .

Another example of why we should know about several knowledge branches , is when we interact with people , per example in a dinner .
A person who only knows about one topic will be bored .
But if everyone knows a little about different areas , they can have an interesting conversation in which everyone can interact and discuss .
Touching different topics avoiding monotomy .

I believe you need all types of knowledge per example Math , that is one of the subjects that is usually disliked .
If you go to the supermarket you need to know to make sums , to at least be able to make the numbers .
You will face huge difficulties in life if you dont know at least something from every subject .

I believe everyone should be able to have a conversation in more than one topic .
I believe that only the difference will help you broad your mind .
And making connections helps to understand life better so you will never get bored .
This is a very interssting question .
The answer to this questions is not easy .

After my first thought I do not agree to this statement .
In these days almost everybody has his own car .
It is very confortable driving in your own car , you do not depend on others or on public transportation .
I prefer driving by car , because I can descide spontanious what I would likt to do and where I would like to go .
Sometimes it is even cheaper driving by car , than taking public transportation , like bus or train .
While going on vacation , you can also descide using the bus , train , plain or even your car .
Mostly it is cheaper driving by car .
These are some examples why driving cars are could be better than using public transportation .

We are not allowed to forget : Technologie is rising very fast these days .
At the moment the automobile industrie ist trying to develop a motor , that does not spend gas .
They are looking for different kind of ressources .
The plan is to keep cars , but make them work with electric or solar energy for example .
So if they spend another 5 years on developping a new motor for cars , i do not think they will be able find different sources for transportations besides cars so fast .

Reasons for cars getting fewer and fewer in the future could be the rising prices , not only on cars , but also the oil prices .
Driving your own car is already very expensive .
First of all you must have enough money to buy the car .
That ist not it .
You must also plan the costs that are related with buying a car , like taxes , insurance and gas .
The gas price has been raised since several years and will probably still rise the next years .
This makes car driving even more expensive .
So if people start thinking about their money in a more serious matter , they will think about really buying a car or saving the money .

But maybe there will be some inventions in the future that will change all our expectations .
Maybe we will be able to fly by ourselves in small planes or in some kind of rockets .
The imagination is big , the sky is the limit .
I could even imagine that nobody will drive cars in 20 years , because we will be flying , not driving anymore .

So it really depends on how the development of inventions for the future are .
But if everything stays like it is and we keep using our cars as we do now , I do not agree to the statement above .
Our population is getting bigger and bigger , the streets are getting fuller and fuller and the car industrie is making more profits than ever !
There are so many new cars build year for year , that I do not think there will be fewer cars in twenty years .
As the popular saying goes `` Jack of all trades and is master of none '' .
Though the saying indicates that little knowlege in all is not helpfull .
But in practice like in acedamics , to find onces area of interest it is essential to get exposed to various subjects .
Therefore , the basic knowledge about a variety of areas and in depth knowledege on a subject of primary interest is the right blend for any student .

The exposure to wide variety of knowledge helps choose a subject of interest .
Many students discover their true interest a long time after they choose another field .
Many students take up areas they have no interest because they never get chance to find what interestes them .
This can be avoided by giving more exposure to various subjects .

Also in mordern times there are many jobs which demand interaction between various feilds .
For example , a software designer may need a basic understanding of accounts or banking to understand needs of bank while developing a banking software .
Similarly a mathematician helps creart formulas or theories for problems ariseing in physics thus must have a basic understanding of concepts in physics .

Another need for learning many different subjects is because each of them provide a different skill set .
For example , a painting class is not only about colors and strokes but helps develope imagination and creativity in students , which will be helpfull in the long run .
Similarly other subjects like mathematics enhances the analytical skills which are useful to even a biology student in analysing results of experiments etc .

But Basics only are not usfull , student should also focus on one subject especiall in later part of his career like graduation and specialise in it .
Therfore learning of many subjects is very benifcial for students along with persuing in-depth study in a
The argument proposed compare two completely different way of thinking life .
For someone a fully way of living implies taking some risks .
Only facing risky choices people can improve their life status and their own satisfaction .
On the other hand , many other people think - and consequently organize their life - to minimize or avoid any kind of risk .
This type of people attribute a great value on safety .

My personal feeling and approach about this matter is flexible .
I think there is not an absolute best way of playing lives but it depends strictly on the attiutde of the people .

By the way , in my opinion trying new thinks is a wonderful experience and an important factor of human growth .
First of all , I think that a wide range of experiences get the people richer .
If I compare my point of view , my culture and my feelings with different one , my mindset could be more open .
This is the reason why I travel a lot and I have decided to work for some periods of my life abroad .

I think it is very limited to pass all our life in the native village .
Probably it is a safer choice but absolutely less interesting !
Second , if no one take risks in this world and try to experiment something new the progress does not exist .
In a world like this we could not appreciate all innovations .
I 'm thinking in particluar about technology improvements that in last decades have simplfied and improved dramatically our society and our lives .

We could find another example on pharmaceutical research industry .
If pharmaceutical industry continue to produce the same medicines and does not spend a lot of money on research there is any possibility to increase our life expectation .

Risky choices of scientist and manager in pharmaceuticals have delivered the possibility to do more , feel better , live longer for many people .
Some say that , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
This makes no sense and is not logical at all when we consider the real facts that we see everyday .
There are two main points which shows that the number of cars in use will increase instead of decreasing ; firstly , it is already increasing instead of staying the same ; and secondly , the world and the countries are getting bigger so they will be more necessary in the future .

First of all , it is obvious that the number of cars are inreasing each day goes by ; so it is not really wise to say that it will decrease in time .
It is not really possible for thousands of people to suddenly say that `` Ok , I do not want to use cars anymore . ''
.
Moreover it is a need for people more than a choice and nobody seems to solve the transportation problems .
The fact is , people will keep buying cars unless there is a better way offered for them to go where they want to go and it seems like it is so far away from now and the future .

Secondly , the cities and the countries are getting bigger ; and it is not a really good option to use public busses , taxi or metro anymore .
Cars seem to be the best option .
Taxi is a really expensive way for transportation and busses are really slow .
Metro is neither but it is really crowded and there happen too many crimes in the metros so it is not a really good option either .
Cars are in the middle of all of these .
It has all these problems and risks as well but in little amounts .
So again , cars are the best option that people have .

To sum up , because of the reasons that the numbers of cars are already increasing and the world is getting wider everyday , the number of cars will not decrease in the future .
In fact , it is more reasonalbe to say that this number will increase .
In every aspect , cars are the best option that is offered to humanity and no one seems to be looking for another option for them .
In order to decrease the number of cars in use , people must be offered something new and better to use .
Nowadays , pre-scholars to Ph .
D candidates are confornted with ever more challenging learning requirements .
Therefore we should take the need of knowing facts into consideration .
I strongly feel that it is more essential that scholars learn how to comprehend ideas and concepts than to merely know facts and data , because students have to apply them and knowledge has lost its importance due to widely reachable information ressources .

Firts , students recieve a better , more adequate preparion for college or employment , when they learn about theories , ideas or concepts .
The reason for this is that during studies or post-university work they have to apply what they have learned earlier .
In the engeneering industry , for example , workers apply the concepts developed by researchers .
It would be unthinkable that it is possible to build something complex like a space shuttle , or a more trivial , without konwing the theory of expanding matter in heat .

Furthermore , in our internet-depending community most information has become easily accessible .
Thus , the key qulification of an employee has changed from konwing facts to understanding and applying them , in other words being familiar with concepts .
Imagine you have two decide between two different applicants with various qualifications .
Surely , you would prefer the applicant , whose knowledge about concepts and abilitu to actually apply them is more effective , over the one who is just familiar with data and facts , but find abstract methods abstrusve and fails to apply them , when you in turn can look up most of the infromation yourself .

Though being convenient with ideas and able to use this knowledge brings more opportunities than just knowing details , learning facts is , nevertheless , still impotant to support the understanding of abstarct methods by exemplifying them .
Thus , children should be teached the facts in order to comprehend them via interprataion .
Most of us feel overwhelmed by advertisement every day .
We see it everywhere in town , even along the highways .
Many people do not like it because it seems penetrant and unhonest to them .
But is it really trying only to fool consumers ?

Advertisement is information , first of all , it informs us about a new product .
And it is a comfort and easy way to get to know what 's new on the market .
And no one can force anybody to buy the thing .

In many countries there are rules for companies - they are not allowed to advertize something by lying about it .
But it is evident that limits are not clear , when does suggestion end and lying start ?
If a perfume company engages a model to tell the consumers that she or he feels attractive and irresistable by using the perfume this might be true .
There is no guarantee that the consumer will feel the same but it is suggested .

Advertisment wants to attract people by promising them a great and wonderful product that will change their lives .
Rationally thought it is clear that not every new hamburger , perfume or shaver will change our lives .
But advertisement tries to attract the inconscient parts of the brain .
We often do not think about it rationally and long time .
Many companies promise the potential consumers to fulfil their deepest wishes - if they just buy the product they will be beautiful , intelligent and loved .

I think that most advertisements definitely make products seem better than they really are and I think that many or most of the suggestions made by advertisements cannot be fulfilled .
So it is necessary to handle advertisemant with a certain attention and prudency .
I also like being informed about new products but it is essential to think about its real use .
Of course companies try to influence people only because they want to make profit but on the other hand it 's the people 's decision to buy their product or not .
It is often expressed either explicitly or implicitly that young people enjoy their life more than old people do .
In my opinion , this is the wrong approach to this issue .

Let me first collect several similarities between those two groups .
Both young people and retired people do usually not work or at least they do not have to work to make a living ( this if of course only valid for industrialized nations ) .
Therefore , they are left with considerable amounts of leisure time at their disposal .
Why should older people not be able to enjoy this time to the same extent as young people ?

They only choose to spend that time differently .
Old people might not enjoy snowboarding , volleyball or going out as much as young people do .
But old people might enjoy going to the theater , make a sea cruise or just meet with friends as much or even a lot more than young people do .
Both groups enjoy their lives - but they tend to have differences concerning what they regard as enjoyable and worthwile .

Also , such a holistic approach does not dignify a human being 's existence as an individual .
Saying that `` young people '' or `` old people '' as a whole enjoy their lives much or less than the other group would be a crude generalization .
Of course , there are miserable , complaining old people who obviously do not enjoy their lives .
But take a closer look and you will find that it is not hard to find very similar individuals among young people .
The other way around : Of course , many young people like going out , having a good time with friends and enjoying themselves .
But you will have no difficulty finding a real party animal among old people if you really try to .
Judging people by their outer appearance , and age is part of that , does not take their personality , their preferences and their attitude into consideration .
If you do so , you are ignoring an important part of a human being .
Because of the given reasons , I disagree with the statement and I think older people can enjoy their life as much as old people do .
Perhaps not in the same way , perhaps not always as visible ( and sometimes offensive ) as young people .
But they certainly do .
I would disagree with the statment , the reason being is that it would lead to nothing except confusion .
Having a general idea about various subjects is preferable rather than persuing full time study on all the subjects .
A student who prefers to study all the subjects will have to work much harder than the student who has only choosen specialization in one subject .
Specialization in one subject , will have a clear idea as to what to persue next with regards to that particular academics and could plan for a better career .

Even career opporutunities would be good for the student who has specialization .
Let us take an example of Med-school students .
One student decides to take cardiology as the specialization and other chooses to study many specializations .
The student who chooses cardiology will have concentrate totally on the specialzation which he chooses and can be a master in that specialization .
This student can work in corporate hospitals which are related to cardiology .
On the other hand the student who chooses many specializations will have to work really hard and to get on top it , it would be very difficult for him and some times it may result that he ends up with nothing .
This person will have hard time in choosing his career field as well .

The above example clearly states , what would be the advantage of specialization and with that of knowledge about many subjects .
Even if you look at the students of business administration , you would see that they will choose either one specialization or dual specialization , but not more .
Even the schools and colleges would give a over all idea of the various subjects and then it will be divided into specializations .

Even the person who would opt for broad knowledge of many academics will have to be specialized in one particular subject at the end of the day , since he/she needs to choose a career path which leads to a specialization .
The statement looks better to read on the paper to have many academic subjects , but in practical it would be very much tough to acheive it , although there are people who are persuing many specializations , ideally it would be suggest to have one specialization .
As society is getting bigger and human population is getting increaseing , we face a lot of advertisements for products .
Some people insist most advertisements make products seem much better that the real value , others advertisements help people choose the right product to show the exact advantage .
I think the advertisements could give people the opportunity to think about the product rightly thought the right and exact information for the product .
I think it should not be the wrongly exaggerated information but it should be the detailed the information .
we do not have much time to compare all products easily and it is good for understanding based on the exact value .

First of all , advertisements should show the fact that they have .
It should be neither extored nor exaggerated information .
We have the consumer satisfaction center and if the advertisements have the exaggerated information , they have to change it rightly .
I worked in the advertisment company for two years in Korea .
It is LG advertising company and it is the second biggest company in Korea .
When we made the advertisements for medication for cold , the struction was so complax and strong .
We could not use any exaggerated comment at all .
We could not say `` getting welling '' or `` perfect medication '' .
We could say exact information and instruction for the product .

Secondly , advertisements enable people to consider the value of the product easily through the right information .
In the advertisements , we could see comparison and contrast with other products .
When I looked at the Hundai commerial advertisements in television , they compare their car with honda .
With comparison , they had examples for warranty date difference .
Hundai has 10 years warranty and Honda does not supprot that .
Before I watched the commecial , I did not know the difference between the two different brand 's warranty date and it was helpful for me to buy the car .
It is based on the fact of the service of the company and they could not deceive the costumer .

In summery , as a fomer advertisements made person I understand how eagerly client want to show the much more value for consumers .
However in the process of making the advertisements , there are a great construction to have to show the fact .
This fact also people allow to choose the right product easily .
The market of products changes upon the dynamics of advertising .
Advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , since they may not reflect the true properties of the product .
They may be used as a tool to trick people when deciding on which brand to choose .

Firstly , quality is one of the most important determinants when choosing which product to buy .
The target population of any product can be mislead by an advertisement regarding a specific brand .
This may occur by including false statements in the advertisement , such as `` the best selling product '' or `` the best quality product '' .
These kind of bold statements are commonly used in advertisements without giving any supporting evidence .
Hence , these advertisements may convince people that the brand being advertised is actually the best quality product , when in fact it is not .

Secondly , products may be introduced into the market with a specific campaign expressing how economical the product is .
I have experienced such a situation myself when I was buying toothpaste .
In contrast to the advertisement , my mother realized that that particular toothpaste was not the most economical toothpaste in the store .
However , due to the influence of the advertisement and my lack of knowledge on the subject , I chose to buy the advertised product instead of the cheaper one , since I did not pay attention to the prices of other toothpastes .

Another key element leading the products to seem much better are the in-store activities for the purpose of advertising .
The people working for a particular brand may talk to customers and brainwash them into buying their brand by stating false negative experiences regarding competitive brands .
Hence , this kind of advertising may be very misleading .
Consequently , the customer may have the proclivity to buy that product .

Finally , advertising is a prominent factor in being able to sell a product .
Making a product look better in the eyes of the customers helps companies in reaching their target sales .
Unfortunately ; in order to accomplish this goal , thcompanies may have the proclivity of making misleading statements and expressing traits of that product that in fact it does not have .
The cars are inevitable vehicles used for the transportation purposes .
Nearly every family owns a car nowadays .
But in twenty years there will be fewer car in use than there is today due to the advances in public transportation , high oil prices and the increasing awereness of the society about the environmental drawbacks of the cars .

As the modern cities are getting larger and larger , the existing public transportation systems are improved and new ways of public transportation are introduced to the use of the society .
In many cities , new , wider and more comfortable busses are provided by the local administrations .
Moreover , the bus routes are extended in a way that they will cover all the parts of the towns and cities .
So that a person who has to commute to work in an unaccessable part of the city by bus , now can use the comfortable buses and thus the need for the car dissappears .
In my opinion in twenty years the advances in the public transportation system will result in fewer cars in use .

Furthermore the oil prices are too high .
Each day , the ratio of the people who can afford life with car is decreasing due to outrages oil prices .
Also the prices are fluctuating and eventually increasing because of the wars in the areas of oil production .
Due to economical reasons , people will quit buying and driving cars in the near future .

Moreover the society became aware of the fact that cars are giving great harm to the the enviroment .
The usage of unsustainable energy sources , the oil in the case of cars , is causing serious damage , such as air pollution .
With the help of scientists and media , the society is getting aware of this fact and in the end the usage of cars will decrease .

To sum up , there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today because of the advancement in the public transportation systems , economical reasons regarding high oil prices and the increasing awareness of society about environmental damage caused by cars .
An idea or a concept is a point of a view about a fact and different people may have different thoughts and use different methods about the same topic .
I believe it is equally important for students to understand ideas and concepts and to learn facts about a topic .

To explain better , it can be said that the facts are like the targets and the different ideas and concepts about that fact is like the different ways going to the same target .
For example one can say that the best way of melting the ice is by heating while the other can argue that putting the ice in the room temperature and wait till it melts is a better way .
The two have different ideas about melting ice and of course have reasonable explanations for their own method , but this does not change the fact that the ice turns into water at the same temperature under same conditions .

I think , the students should first learn about the facts but it is an important for them to learn also how other people reach to those facts .
To give an example , fact is like a car and the ideas and concepts are like how to use a car .
One without the other has no meaning , and both are necessasry to drive a car .

Consequently , to learn about the facts is crucial for the students but at the same time to learn about the other people 's points of view , their thoughts and their methods is also an important part of their learning process .
I partially agree to the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
This is very much true and applicable to the present day situation as knowledge of only one subject is going to reduce the number of options a person has in his career .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects will help a person view a particular situation or issue in different angles and can be more careful in taking a decision after taking into consideration all the ins and outs of that situation or issue .
For example , if we consider a marketing executive trying to sell a washing machine , he should have knowledge though not in detail on the different small electrical systems that make up the total machine , also he needs to have knowledge on different kinds of textile fabrics and how the washing machine should be used in case of each fabric .
He can be successful only if he convinces the customer and to convince he needs to have broad based knowledge on all the those discussed .

People with broad based knowledge can easily shift careers according to what the industry demands and have a great flexibility to work in any area of specialization .

On the contrary , the world would not have developed so much if there were no people with specialization in one subject .
Only if one understands each and every concepts , can he implement them and bring out a new product .
There would not have been new discoveries if there are no specialists in this world .
Referring to the washing machine example , only a specialist and not generalist can build such a machine and can improve the features of it .
Specialists are very important when it comes to the technology development and advancement .

Concluding this , having specialization is also important but what i feel is there should be a good mixture of complementing each other .
To know a few from everything , or know only one thing better than anything ?
Nowadays , most people know lots of things but they know it undetailed .
I think knowing one thing , and knowing it detailed is better than knowing plenty of things undetailed .

To start with , being an expert in one specific academic subject is better than being a newbie in plenty of academic subjects .
This also makes a person think more knowledgeable .
For example , imagine two people who graduated from same major in university , works in the same company and both in the same department .
One of them knows only about his department but knows everything about it , and the other one knows a little about his department , and also knows about other departments .
If their manager had to choose a person for a project about their department , he will choose the one who is knowing more things about the department .
Thus shows that being an expert in one specific subject is better than knowing plenty of subjects .

Furthermore , knowing too much thing disattracts people from their job or situation which makes them more unsuccessful .
This also proved by many scientifical researches .
The research shows that 4 out of 6 people disattract from the subject if they do not know the subject too much .
It also a disadvantage for people for looking out for jobs and doing good things such as good projects , and works .

There is also one more positive thing for specializing in one specific subject .
People who have experty in one academic subject can make more process quickly and have more trust unlike the other people .
With the advantage of knowing deeply an academic subject , they can make process quickly with a few mistakes , and also they would not lost their confidency while doing it .
For example , a student who did specialize in one specific subject can make a better homework than a student who knew a few things about the subject .
This situation proves that specializing in one specific subject is more better .

To sum up , I can say that I totally agree with the opinion which states specializing in one specific subject is better .
If there is more people who specialized in one specific subject , there will be more success all over the world .
At last , we are all human , and we can not know everything perfectly , so we should do the best thing we can do , and be an expert about that subject .
Community development is one thing that the young people normally assosiate themselves with these days .
By saying this statement i tend to disagree with the notion that young people dont give enough time for their communities .

All the young people of todays world are very well educated and well versed with all the happenings in todays world .
They spare a lot of time for the upliftment of their communities whether it be a religional community or a regional one .
I t does make a huge amount of difference for them what it might be , they normally belive in the concept of returning the favours the community has given them .
This I totally believe in .

One thing i would like to mention here is `` Returning to the Roots '' .
This is something which we keep hearing all round these days , how would this notion be so excessively used if young people would not have spared time for their respective communities .

There are a lot of people who pursue their education abroad , work their for a couple of years and then come back to their natives and help or serve their community .

How many industralists have we seen who have studied in the finest colleges of the world and have come back and started their own industries in their natives .
Another thing which comes to mind is that people who haved a certain postion in their lives have come back to their roots and worked for the upliftment of their community .
The best example i would like to give is of Martin Luther King though a long time ago , worked for the upliftment of his community after attaining a substantial position in his life .
His credentials speak for himself and such is his aura that people of his community still treat him as a demi-god .

Mr.J.R.D
Tata , one of the most renowned people in the field of Aviation was educated in one of the best universties of the world but he came back to India and served his people by building industries in his native place .
There are many examples of people who have come back and served their community .

There are various multi national companies who extensively indulge in helping people of certain communities .
I am sure that there would be a large number of young people involved in such kind of noble deeds .

One more thing i would like to state is that most of the ministers who have been elected as representatives of their communties , would mostly help out their kinsman and their communities first rather than thinking about others .
I guess most of the ministers these days are well educated youngsters who have a zeal to work for their communities .

Returning to the Roots which was mentioned previously , explains the plight of the indutrialists who more often than not concentrate on setting up an industry in their native place thereby providng job oppurtunities to people of his community .

I therefore strongly disagree to the view that Youngsters do not give enough time to their communties and i believe and hope that most of the youngsters would support my view by supporting their respective communities .
With a broad knowledge you can understand the world and with a specialization in a subject you may be the most recurred person in the whole world .
Which path should one take ?
That 's a topic that many young people deal with .
Let 's discuss some relevant points .

Having a broad knowledge of many essential subjects , such as history , mathematics , biology and language is not only important in order to climb the latter of education but also for the development of one 's ideas , personality and tolerance towards others .
You can be able to understand the world , draw conclusions and interrelate the different subjects , and therefore have a deeper and more coherent view of things .
For example , if you have learnd about Darwin and his theory about the `` survival oh the fittest '' and have a knowledge in history you would know how this biological theory applies in society , in which powerful and wealthy people rule most of the time .

On the other hand , being specialized in one specific subject could mean being the most known person in that area and people will recurr to you more than to anyone else who does not have the knowledge you have on a specific matter .
You may not understand the whole world , but have answers to questions and are able to analyse things that no one else could .
For example , if you have a unique disease , a bacterial infection , you would recurr to a specialist in that area and not tho your grandfather that has a very broad cultural knowledge .

In my opinion you should n't choose one path but both .
Throughout your whole life you should be interested to expand your broad knowledge , let it be by studying or travelling .
It is indispensable to know about many subjects in order to understand each of one , since everything interrelates in one world .
Broad knowledge is the basis of your futher area of study that you may want to pursue if you are interest in a specific matter .
I do not completely agree with this statement , because young people usually do not realize what they have and how short and quickly the youth is .
Young people are continually expecting something of extarordinary happens to make them happier , but without knowing nor themselves what this extraordinary means .
Have you ever red The Colombre by Dino Buzzati ?
It is a nice metaphor of young people searchign a chemere during his youth , which never is found , so that they can not taste the flavour of happyness during his flowerishing age .

Moreover , young people spend often their time doing nothing .
I see these guys standing outiside bars , smoking , drinking , of course smiling , but without a serious purpose and so risking of getting bored .
In other words , they waste their time .
On the contrary older people , who have less life time ahead them , do not waste time , they appreciate all what they have .
They do not wait for something special happens , they do not get angry for the boyfriend or girlfriend .
Older people appreciate the time passed and most of time are satisfied of what they have done during their life .
They feel joy for the fact of having had children , who at their turn have had other children .
Older people , despite the young , have had in the most of cases a brillant job , or just a job , which has let them create a family , buy a house , go on holidays .
They are fullfilled of their reached objects .
As far as young people concerns , this is not always true .
Although young people have more life time ahead , it does not mean fewer worries .
Let us think of young people now : the problem of job , the problem of durable job , the worry of buying a their own house without a job ! ...
Concludind , enjoying life does not concern on what we are doing , but it relies on our expectations and what we managed to do before .
It is often better to have a wider perception of many academic subjects rather than confining oneself to a specialisation in a particular subject .
A person with the former skills has the ability to tackle most of the situations he encounters .
He can easily don many roles and solve problems independently without seeking others assistance .
Specialists , on the other hand who are often confined to a paricular area often are considered as geeks .
They cant solve problems which varies from their fields of specialisation and need to depend on others .

A person with the former skils dispays his adroitness in diversified fields .
For instance , the branch of computers involves numerous fields of study such as hardware , software , data processing , networking and so on .
As computers have become widespread it is not uncommon that there is an event of failure which may result from various causes .
In such cases a technician with broader understanding of various fields of computer is called for .
If the person is conversant with all the related information , he can efficiently solve the problem .

A specialist on the other hand is similar to an amateur person if an error occurs in a field other than the one he mastered .
He fails to understand and cite the cause behind the errors which makes him look dumb .
For instance , in the field of cricket , often all rounders with an ability to bowl , bat and field well often have an edge over the specialists as they fit into others shoes well and are capable of moulding themselves quite efficiently .

It is always better if the specialists gather some knowledge besides the fiel
I believe that the issue of whether or not you should have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects instead of specializing in one subject depends on your plans for your future career .

If you plan to study a subject and gain as much academic degrees as possible in it , you may think of becoming yourself a part of the faculty staff , maybe an academic teacher or even a professor .
In such positions you should have a broad knowledge in your specific field of studies so that you are able to provide the student body with an excellent education .
You also have to represent your department and thus seem very competent and confident concerning your `` speciality '' .

On the other hand , I think that this field of employment is rather limited and much more students will apply for jobs in enterprises or other firms .
We live in a world which is characterized by growing globalization and a tendency to change faster and faster .
In such times you should be able to adapt to an ever changing environment , for you can never be too sure of your position .
You may be asked to do additional work which has nothing to do with the subject you studied at university .
It is expected that a modern employee is able to improvise and to be open to changes .
As in these times of modern media the time we need to acquire certain information is much less than some years ago , we are expected to have a broader knowledge of the world , especially in the fields of history , politics and culture .
The world is a melting and meeting pot of cultures and countries which struggle to keep update and remain or become a leading nation in this world .
For that reason every citizen has to play his part in economy , and he plays it best if he is flexible and able to solve any problem he faces whether it is part of the subject he specialized in or not .

In my opinion you should try to gather as much knowledge as possible and the best way to do that is to study many academic subjects and everything that you are interested in as well .
The development of mass media was the beginning of a new era of avertisement .
Virtually all companies make use of advertisement using the possibilities given by the new forms of mass media as for example the TV or the internet .
I agree with the statement that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

First reason for my point of view is economical .
Given the fact that firms take their decisions on the basis of rationality there has to be an economical icentive for them to invest in advertisement .
And so it 's quite obvious that the firms intend to increase their sales by the way of advertizement .
And the consumers are now buying more from the firm 's product for one simple reason .
The firm 's product seems to them much better than it really is .
And the firms knowing this fact make use of this by advertizing .

Another argument is psychological .
I personally have made the experience that the way one consider the value of certain objects is highly influenced by the way that other people talk about these objects .
For example , once most of my friends bought a new video game .
And whereas I had n't liked this certain game a short time before , from this moment on getting this game seemed to be the most important thing in the world .
And this process is now linked to the effects of advertisement , because the advertisement for a lot of products is made by very popular people like a tennis star or show master of an TV show .
And this effects how people think about the products .
The product seems in most cases much better than it really is .

Even if advertisement often conveys true information about a product awakening the interest of the people .
I believe that there is mostly a strong effect influencing the people in a way , so that there is difference between the true value of a product and the value the people think .
And this means that there takes place an alienation of the peoples preferences .
And from an economical point of view this ca n't be good for the welfare of the society .
In my opinion , and experience , old people can enjoy life as much as the younger .
I belive that people can be of an old age , but still be ` young of hearth ' as far as i have seen is mostly related to how the person lives his life and how he thinks on himself .

Many people belives that to enjoy life one has to be young , the truth is that many of the people that thinks that way will not enjoy life when they get older because of the way they think .
As exanple of this i could relate about my grandmother : from what my mother has told me of her i know she always feared to be old and tried always to hide her age and she did all this because in ther mind she was getting too old to and was afraid of being useless .
I have met other people like her , and aging is not good with them .
In the other hand i have my grandfather : he never cared much for his age and always said he was as the wine : ` getting better with each year ' and is truth , is a sense , since even tought he is 5 years older than my grandmother he is in much more active and seems younger than her .
Constantly we have examples of this kind of person , people that does amazing things even at their advanced age amazing all of us , younger people , that cant do those things .

I Think that also the character of a person is very important , some people are jovial and carefree and if they keep those traits as they get older they will be able to enjoy life as much as they did when they were younger .
For example some people say : ` im 55 years old .
Im too old for those things ' others will say ` im only 55 years old .
Why ca n't i do that ? ' and if they dont see any obstacle in their age then it will not be any obstacle for them and they will enjoy life at its fullest not mattering the age they reach .
Learning is an important phase in everyones life .
Some students concentrate more on understanding ideas and concepts while some concentrates to learn facts .
In my opinion both must go parallel in order to have an effective learning process .
They has to be content about the facts and then they has to understand them by learning concepts .
Mere reading of facts can not give a detailed explanation about the overall concept .
Some practical knowledge is required to exploit the situation .

Most of the students learn concepts by reading the textbook .
Some concepts may not be understandable when we read them .
We have to do some experiments regarding them , these creates some new and innovative ideas in the minds of children .
For example , let us take lightening as an example .
When chindren learn about the process of lightening thay are not fully satisfied about the process .
But when they see the process through eyes they can realise that light travels faster than sound .
That is the reason why we first see the light and then hear the sound .
So by this example it is clear that students should understand ideas and concepts than mere learning facts from the textbook .
In my school days my teachers would always insist to know about the concept behind a fact .

Teacher plays an impotant role in this process .
They has to create some prototypes which explains the concept about the fact .
Moreover the student absorbs the fact when it is stated practically because students learn more from doing than from reading .
But it is equally important to read about the facts because they must have the minimum capability to understand the idea of what teacher is going to explain .
Once they are ready with the facts and concepts they can face any problem easily .
Moreover this type of learning instigates zeal to exploit new things and this will definitely help them in the future education also .
So in conclusion i would like to state that the process of learning must be balanced enough to have a better understanding of the facts supported by learning the concepts behind the facts .
In my point of view the statement is correct .
There are simple reasons , why I support this statement .
I would like to explain that this is understandable by describing the situation out of different perspectives .

When you sell a product , for example your old car , you want to make profit out of it .
So you clean it up to get the best picture of if and you think of all the features and advantages this car owns .
When you sell it on the internet or in the newspaper you mention only these good sides .
The reason is simple : You just want to get the maximum amount of money you cat get for it .
Most times sellers do not even tell the buyer that the car had an accident until he particularly asks .
If you now compare this behavier with the average advertisements there is almost no difference .
Both you and everyone else who advertises just wants to earn money .

Another example is my experience in my job .
We offer computer services for enterprise customers .
When we make an offer , we tell what we already did , make examles of already finished projects and tell them how good our specialists are .
Sometimes I am happy to be at our side of the discussion , because I know the reality .
You can not really say that we are lying , but we are using the right words to describe it nicely .
It again performed like an average advertising you can see on TV or on the internet , they do it the same way .

So from the sellers point of view it is of course understandable .
Beeing the consumer you have to be aware of all of these strategies of selling a product .
I personally always try to minimize the advertations to their provable facts , so that I can compare different products with each other objectively .
No matter where you go , you 'll always be confronted with huge commercial signs .
Even your favorate television programmes are filled with subtle advertising tricks .
The huge amount of commercials and the way in which the products are presented has often made me wonder if the products are truely as amazing as they look .
And I often come to the conclusion that most products truely are too good to be true .
The advertisements make them better than they really are .

First of all , you must keep in mind that the advertisement serve for one purpose and one purpose only and that is selling the product , no matter what .
In order to do so , advertisers tend to exaggerate and brag .
By telling amazing stories about the products , they try to sell them .
Of course , nobody wants to buy ordinary products that have no use anyway .

Besides , there are a lot of products of the same kind in the markets .
So there need to be distinction between them .
People want to know which one is the best , because everyone wants only the best of the best .
And a lot of advertisements do make a product extraordinary .
Take the commercials for make-up for example .
People often tend to buy overprized make-up rather than the cheap ones .
That 's because they see and hear celebrities talk about those ` amazing ' cosmetic products .
I 'm sure you 've seen Andie Mcdowell starring in the L'Oreal commercials promoting facial cream : `` This will definitely make your rincles dissappear .
You 'll see instant results !
This is the best ! ''
It perhaps really is n't the best facial cream , or even different from the other creams , but the celebrity makes it special .

Finally , modern technology plays a big roll in the scheme .
the use of photoshop has made people and products look better and prettier than they really are .
It 's very easy to manipulate pictures .
And the advertisers know that .
It 's so commonly used nowadays , that you will hardly find any ` natural ' pictures anymore .

It 's always fun to watch the commercials , though .
Seeing how the companies have outdone themselves again and again .
They always find new ways of entertaining the audience , trying to get your attention .
Having singing children and perfect families playing in the commercials .
They 're fun to watch , but they 're definitely not representative for th

So all with all , be very cautious when buying products .
Do n't buy everything the commercials tell you to buy , as these products are often too good ot be true !
Remember that these adds are often misleading and exaggerated .
The advertisers want you to buy their products and will do anything to get them sold .
Using modern technology and paying celebrity , they manipulate the public opinion .
Enjoy the commecials , but do n't let them fool you .
Usually , long ago people do not use the car as people use it now .
Nowadays we can not live without using the car .
Lot of people use the car to work , to go shopping and so forth ...
There are several advantages and disadvanteges of using the car .
Day by day prices of the petrol are going up and there is a luck of this energy source .
Many governaments and investors are trying to develop alternative energies in order to improve the quality of cars using those energies and they are trying to promote the use of the public transport and other vehicles .

On the one hand , we have those who think that in twenty years there will be more cars than now , because it is the faster and the more individual way to travel .
They believe that there will be alternative sources in order to satisfy the luck of petrol , but they also argue that there will be a big demand of high technology cars .

On the other hand , we have those who believe that in twenty years there will be a great decrease of cars due to people will be concerned about the enviorement and the pollution .
Governaments will make the public transport cheaper and there will be many new users of this kind of transport .
Maybe there will be a discover of a way of transport cheaper and faster than cars and that can be used whenever and whenever one want .

On the whole , although both opinions can be argued strongly , I really believe that in twenty years there will not be fewer cars in use than now .
In fact , I think that there may be more cars than now , because the world is growing so fast and most people preffer cars than any other way of transport .
Throughout our education life , we have been subjects of different kinds of teaching styles .
Some teachers teach through making the students learn the facts , while others try to make students understand the rationale behind the fact .
Also \ , no matter what the teaching style of the instructor is , some students focus on understanding the idea while others prefer to learn the facts .
In my opinion , a student should first try to understand the ideas and concepts rather than learning the facts , because ideas help students build a vision , they are more implementable and they are easier to keep in mind .

First of all , when a student understands a new concept , it adds to that individuals ' vision .
Every concept or idea you understand makes you a person with a larger view of life .
It will help you see daily events see in a different way .
However , if you only learn the facts , they will be minor memories in your brain ; they wo n't help you built your personal experience quota .
For example , when i learned about some concepts of behavior in my ` organizational behavior ' class , my perspective of looking to my everyday relations have changed enormously .

Second , once an individual understands a concept or an idea , that will be implementable to every situation she/he will face in the future .
While that individual is trying to make a decision on something , that concept will automatically come to his/her mind thus helping with the solution .
For example , at enginnering college , I learned the concept of ` muda ' which is a Japon word for loss .
If our professor only taught it by a specific fact saying that you should eliminate any extra loss in a specific machine , then that would be too narrow .
However , she taught us the concep so I could implement it to my light at home .
Forgetting your light turned on while you are not in the room casus muda wh'ch is a loss that can be eliminated .

Lastly , concepts and ideas that are understood well are easier to keep in mind whereas specific facts memorized are harder to remember after a certain period of time .
I remember reading in amn article that you forget 75 % of the things you memorize in the first 24 hours and 90 % percent in the second day .
Therefore , the facts learned wo n't be with you for a long time ; however , the ideas that you managed to understand will stay with you for a lifetime .

As a conclusion , I definitely agree with the statement suggesting that students ' understanding of ideas is more crucial than their learning of facts .
Students should focus on understanding the concepts because the ideas will be more permanent , they will be more applicable and they will help them create better views of life .
I disagree with the concept of having a general knowledge of a broad variety of subjects compared to specialization in one field .
In my opinion it is better to focus on one academic subject because it achieves more and the achievement is more thorough .

In todays competitive world , I understand the importanceof having knowledge , regarding various subjects , but i think , such knowledge should be pursued at lower levels of education , such as college or high school , to develop the overall personality of the student .
However , in higher education specialization is a must , since , it provides greater opportunities for the future and experience during the period of training .
For example , If you look around , those doctors who do not pursue a specialty course ( general practioners ) tend to do well in their practice , but those who do specialize , run a spectacular practice .
This is relevant to both the nature of cases treated and the salary earned .
The specialist sees rare cases , reffered to him by the general practioner , increasing his knowledge in his chosen field .
He is better able to treat the condition and naturally earns more , as well .
Another example - on comparing the jobs allotted to postgraduates with those allotted to the graduates , one can see the preference is given to the former .
A Law student is more likely to be recruited with a prestigious firm than the average High school pass-out .
Experience plays an important role here , because there is channelisation of forces acting to achieve the higher goal .

Also , if one wants a broad knowledge of subjects , the number of goals naturally increases .
This requires time , effort and money .
Consequently , efficiency is greatly reduced and complete knowledge of each subject can be easily compromised .
In my experience as a student i realised i did well in the years when i had thre subjects to cover in undergraduate school as compared to when I had four subjects .
In all fairness , subjects in each year required intensive reading .
Similarly , i have noticed that the class valedictorian , usually , excels in one or two subjects and not each subject , clearly showing how difficult it is to master each .

`` The Jack of all trades , the master of none . ''
I would not llike to be associated with that phrase because i think it undermines the motivation to succeed .
Success , for me is the attainment of a goal , which requires focus .
If there are numerous paths to follow then success cannot be gained beacuse of loss of focus .
I believe in a firm foundation of knowledge of many topics upon which i can build my expertise ,, just like a plane wih a braod middle and a pointed tip , which is in conformity with the principles of aerodynamics .
I strongly subscribe to the statement and support the thought that , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The reasons that I agree with this statement are detailed in the following passages .

In recent years , improvements in manufacturing techonology has ushured a hoard of car manufacturing companies .
For example , economically and technologically developed countries , like the United States of America , have witnessed a growing automobile industry in the late 1980s .
This growth in the automobile industry linked with increased consumer spending power and lower interest rates on loans resulted in millions of cars being produced and sold yearly .
Further , globalisation has spread this market worldwide and the recent Asian development has seen addition of more cars to the already large number .

However , this growth comes with a debilitating factor .
Earth has a constant pool of resources , which all human have to share .
Due the sharp growth in the number of cars and other transportation modes , the petroleum resources are under great stress .
There has been great emphasis on alternate fuel sources and transportation modes .
Many companies and Goverments have initiated technology programs seek solutions to the current problem .

As the old saying goes , `` Necessity is the mother of all invetions '' , humanity will be able to surface above this problem with ingenuity and innovation .
There are efforts already in the direction of mass air transportation systems which would make cars redundant .
New energy sources have been discovered to support air transportation , and corporations such as Airbus are already dreaming of providing individalistic air trasport solutions .
This would greatly improve transportation speed and availability .

In conclusion , I would like to use examples from the great visionary of science fiction , Arthur C. Clarke , who said that there shall be personalized air/space travel modules avaible by the third millenium , and we would n't waste time building roads through air for our cars !
And hence , there shall be no need for cars in twenty years from now .
We might think that young people enjoy life more than older peole do because they want to experience things , to discover things and also because they have the energy and the strength to do it .
But is this statement really true ?
First of all , we will see that young people enjoy the life more than older people and why .
Then , in a second part , we will explain why , to some extend , older people know how to enjoy life maybe more than the young .

First of all , it is a common idea that young people want to enjoy life as much as they can .
Why ?
Because they do not know yet the problems they will have to face during the following years .
Generally , they follow the famous Carpe Diem which advises people to live each moment with intensity , as if it was the last day of one 's life .
Young people have the strong need to experience things , to discover , to destroy the boundaries of the parents , of the society ...
For example , they will go to parties when the parents do not agree , or will take risks by travelling to countries where they do not have any acquaintance , just to do it , because it is cool , as they say ...

But , even if they do not have the same physical fitness and strenght , older people also enjoy life , maybe more than the young .
Indeed , older people have lived , they saw what they needed to see , they lived what they had to live .
Thanks to their experience of life , they know the good things that provide the real pleasure , the real happiness .
They are able to compare and so , to know what really matters in life , the way they can enjoy life as much as possible .
For instance , they will appreciate each little moment with their little chidren , with their friends ...
Thus , they will enjoy life certainly more than young people .

To conclude , I think that the statement which claims that young people enjoy life more than older people do is wrong .
I totally disagree with it because I cannot accept to think that I have already lived the best things in my life .
On the contrary , I think that the best moments in my life will come .
To enjoy life , you do not have to do incredible things .
I think that to enjoy life , you just have to appreciate all the little good moments with the people you love ...
As a country progresses , enhances its economic power , it also leads to an increase in the purchasing power of the people in the country .
In twenty years time , people are expected to have higher incomes and purchasing power than at present .
Having a house and a car are basic necessities and it does seem indispensable to most of us .
I totally disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than they are at present .
I will support my opinion in the following paragraphs .

The first reasoning that I would like to put forward is that as a country is moving from an under-developed to being a developing country or a developing country to a developed country , over time it will lead to increase in employment levels , which will subsequently lead to a rise in the income levels and purchasing power of the people .
For instance , in my own country , India , there are a lot of individuals and families who own cars today than the last twenty years .
The traffic for cars in cities like Delhi and Bombay , where the income levels are rising rapidly , there is also evidence of more number of cars in such places .
The statistics show the number of persons owning cars have only been increasing over the years .

The second reason that I would advance for my argument is , that car is a very convenient mode of transportation .
Personally , I feel , it is more convenient for most of us than air planes , bikes , buses and other modes of transportation .
It offers a kind of flexibility which is incomparable .
Its very practical for everyday use .

The third reasoning would be it has a lot of utility for people with families , which all of us do !
A situation where most people are owning their own air planes or buses is not quite palatable to me .
Cars have also become very sophisticated and user-friendly these days .
There are a whole whole of models and prices to choose from .

To conclude , cars , in my opinion , falls under the category of a ` need ' and not a ` luxury ' .
What could possible happen twenty years down , is that the cars could get even more sophisticated .
There could be even more models for cars , much more than what is present today .
I certainly agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are several reasons why I think that young people are making the most of their age while the older generation is gradually retiring from life except a selected few .

According to me , the young generation is much active , able and resourceful to enjoy the life much better than the older generation .
Today 's youth has tremendous opportunity to make the most of life and they are grabbing this opportunity to make their life better each day .
In contrast , the older people has much less resources and opportunities to enjoy life .

Basically , the concept of life and enjoyment has changed totally since the past years .
Nowadays enjoyment is considered to be a part of daily activities and some time is kept aside for that .
But the older generation is not used to such modern ideas and life for them at an advanced age is full of miseries , complaints and troubles .

Today , young people are healthy and they keep their fitness levels up by carrying out a well planned regime .
As the age advances , the older people can not maintain a healthy lifestyle and ultimately face many health related problems which cause a hinderance for them to enjoy life .
Imagine how a 60 or 70 year old female will travel to some hill station or let her hair down in a party when she cant even let her foot down from the bed due to age related diseases like osteoarthritis in her knees ?

Nowadays , the younger generation are indulging in work and pleasure equally , thus , balancing all the necessary walks of life .
They plan every weekend to a new destination either a movie or some exotic location after a long and tiring week .
The disco and the party culture is a hype among the youth today which are not an older generation commodity .

Finally , much depends on how you take life in general .
Because as Norman Vincent Peale mentions in his book ` Power of Positive Thinking ' that a positive outlook towards life is much important to lead an enjoyable and successful life and todays youth are walking on his foot steps leaving everything else far behind .
Supposedly , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
The truth is that both having a broad knowledge about a cornocopia of subjects and specializing in one subject are very important factors to being successful in whatever a person does in his life .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects will help you along in the future .
It will help to develop yourself as a person like it will also create many interesting conversations in life .
For example , if a student is spacializing in art when he is asked a question about modern tecniques , it will be important for that student to know about historical events , not only in the art world but also what was going on in the country he or she is speaking of .
It will be vital for that student to understand the politics of that time , the hardships of the people , and many other contributing factors that are involved in the development of the tecnique in question .
Another example to why knowing about different subjects is important is to make yourself more educated and impress people when you speak because they get an image of you as a person that is not ignorant .

Specializing in one subject is also a vital factor in life because it is easyer to find a job when one has speciallized in one subject .
People still need specialists to work on their equipment and to run their companies .
For example , if your computer breaks down you will not ask someone who knows about computers but doesnt know how to fix it to reppair it for you , you will ask a specialist , someone that knows alot about computers because that is his strong point and he can fix it for you .
But nothing sais that you cant be a specialist and have a broad knowledge about many academic subjects .

In conclusion , both factors ( having a broad knowledge about many subjects or specializing in one subject ) are vital to having success in life .
Both will help you mature and decrease your ignorance level and both will increase your wisdom and your educational level .
Most people agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
Through own experiences and and earned knowlegde , people learned to differ between reality and the promises of the `` commercial world '' .
But still a lot of people get miss lead by the appearence of products in advertisments .

I think that small companies do n't really what their products to appear better than they are because they ca n't sell their products when they have promised something completely different .
For example , the cleaning product does n't do what it 's promoters promised .
Once you have bought this product you will never buy it again because it 's wasted money to invest in it .
Eventually you will tell your friends and they wo n't buy it either .
It 's more efficient for the company of a smaller size to invent a product that is reliable and people will buy this particullar product more often .
So the company is able to earn more money .

In my oppinion the false appearence of products in advertisments is a result of a wrong , overpromotion and often used by big companies who sell more than one product .
When big grocery stores produce commericals , their goal is to attract new costumers .
People do n't go to grocery stores just to buy a single apple .
Once they are in the store they buy other things which increase the profit of the company .

I think you ca n't really generalize that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It depends on the size of the company , their promoting abilities , the mony a companies has availible to spend on promotion and the target age group .
Little kids are more likely to believe what commercials are promising than most of the grown-ups who understand the concept of business .
I will support the statement that Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
It is very short time that people are called as young .
So I think most of young people enjoy their life because the time is really limited .
My opinion is composed by the following reasons .

First , Young people have enough time to study or learn at school .
Most of them are going to the school in order to obtain the skills or knowledge .
Sometimes studing is hard for students , but they can enjoy the class or lesson with their friends .
Futuermore , most of schools have some interesting events for the students during the year .
For example , my school have the event called `` Internatioal Day '' in which students in the international school will sell their traditional food or perform the traditional dance to other students .
It is very interesting for me and I really enjoy it as I take a part of it .

Second young people have many opportunity to find out what they want to be in the future .
It is difficult to think it but young people have enough time to consider what they want to do in the future .
They can go to the university or expertise colledge in order to study more about the fields that they are very interested in .
Sometimes it is possible that they can experience the social work in the society .
For example many young people are willing to have a part time job .
Some people can find out what they want to do in the future through their job .

Finally young people can hang out with their friends during their free time .
It is important to make a good friendship with others .
Most of older people do not have enough time to spend their time with their friends because they are busy .
In contrast yound people can meet and talk to the friends whenever they want and can spend their time together .
The friendship will be good as well .
Sometimes they can travel to the foreign countries and make a great memories there .

To conclude , young people have enough time to do something good for them .
They have much time to study a lot , to spend with their friends and to think about their future .
For these reasons I agree with the idea that Young people wnjoy life more than older people .
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will fewer cars in use than there are today .

As cars become cheaper , safer and more user-friendly , more people will choose cars as their main means of transportation .

Some people may argue that technological advances in telecommunications may reduce the need for transportation .
I think that , while it is true that there has already been a general decrease in business trips , the use of cars for private transportation will continue to increase in the future .

Others may argue that more efficient public transportation will render cars obsolete .
However , I believe that although public transportation is a key factor in development , it will never substitute cars because of its inherent limitations .

The cost of producing a car has been greatly reduced in recent years whereas their convenience and performance continues to increase .
Nowadays fully equiped cars such as the Renault Logan or the Subaru Pleo cost around three thousand dollars to produce and are sold for aroudn five thousand .

Another important factor is the rapid growth of the automotive markets in developing countries such as India , China or Brazil .
In these countries still relatively few people own a car but there is a great potential for growth .
In China , for example , last year saw a twenty percent increase in units sold .
Following this trend , many car manufacturers are launching low cost BRIC ( which stands for Brazil , Russia , India , China ) product lines designed to meet these market 's demands .

In conclusion , although it is true that the use of cars may be reduced in specific situations , I believe that in general the number of cars will continue increasing .
According to my opinion it is better to specialize in one specific subject than having a broad knowledge of many subjects because of the following reasons .

Firstly , a person is exposed to different kind of subjects in the elementary school to help him understand his interests .
For example , i liked biology in my high school .
so i chose to become a doctor .
So , i concentrated more on biology so that it helped me when i started my graduate course in medicine .
So , i had good knowledge about ` cells ' and ` reproduction ' than algebra or Geometry .
Even though i had to study other subjects , my idea about them was just to improve my general knowledge and not to go in depth .

Secondly , i would like to mention that if a person speacializes in one particular subject , their is more room for growth and improvement .
Such a person will not be lost in the bundle of different varieties of subject , he will not be confused in his approach to the subject .
He might aswell do good research on the particular subject and write several books and conduct many seminars to share his knowledge .

If a person is not a specialist in a particular subject , he may not be in a position to explore and invent new things in any subject , as the saying goes `` Jack of all trades but master of none '' .
Eminent people world over are being recognised for thier meritorious work in a particular field and not for their works in different fields .
We all study to contribute something to the society God has gifted every indivdual with some hidden talent in a psrticular field and we need to reconise them before its too late .

Concluding , i would like to say that `` its always better to be a Lion in the Jungle than an ant in a colony '' . i will always choose to specialize in one subject than have a braod knowledge of many academic subjects .
I would like to start by stating that I fully agree with the statement that `` Most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are . ''
I will present three arguments that support my opinion .

Firstly I would like to explain that a good advertisement always has the best picture taken of the item marketed .
For example , when you go to the fast food restaurant you usally rely on pictures to decide what you are going to eat .
The nice pictures tempt your appetite and make you salivate .
But when you actully receive the end product , like a MacDonald 's Hamburger , it never looks as nicely constructed as the picture showed it would be .
A nice picture can speek a million words .

My second argument is that most advertisements are performed by very good looking individuals or endorsed by someone famous .
To utilize such powerfull individuals will influence what you think of the item advertized .
For example , if Jessica Simpson says that the leading acnee medication is Proactive and that she uses it herself , then it must mean that it is an exeptional product because she is very rich and famous and can decide to use any product she wants .

We trust the people we look up to or wish we could be .

My last argument is that a good advertisment and brilliant marketing will undoubtebly bias our own personal experience .
Who can actually tell which product is a brand name if it has no label on it .
If I were to blindfold you and have you taste 10 different macaroni and cheese could you pick out which one is the real Kraft Dinner ?

An advertisement is very brilliantly constructed to attract consumers .
I truly believe that we are all influenced , at some level , by cleaver advertisement and that we can all admit that we have been suckered into the latest gimmic at some point .
We might not admit it to others though !
Enjoyment has nothing to do with the age but has lot more to do with heart , ability and more importantly with the conditions that a person is in .
And for that reason I think that even the older people get to enjoy their life maybe in different ways but they do enjoy their life .

Young people get to enjoy on the dance floors or in the college cafetaria .
Similary the older generation get to enjoy and spend their time in their own thougful and entertaning ways .
One and easily see lots of older people in the parks , enjoying walking , chit-chatting or enjoying various other activites their such as gardening , laughing clubs etc cetera .
The park next to our society is one such living example .
One can easily find lots of older people lottering either alone or in company of their friends or grandchildrens .

Again older people are free from most of the tensions and duties such as money matters , family matters and thus lead more carefree life with ample amount of free time to spent as they please and in fullfilling their wishes and inventing new hobbies .
For example their is an old couple staying next to my house who have taking clay modeling as their new hobbie .
Lot of others prefer either reading , writing , travelling or enjoy spending time in various social activites , at religious places or playing around with their grandchildrens .

Some people argue that older generation are weak and lack enough energy to enjoy life .
Yes old age do comes with its own proplems such as health problems and low enery levels but this is old time story .
One can easily find out the number of older people enjoying and living their life to fullest .
For example the Prime Minister of India , the President of United States of America along with lots of other national and internation examples are openly challanging this view .

For the above stated reasons I feel that even older people gets to enjoy their life maybe in their own way and not as the yong generation but their do enjoy their life ,
Usually it is believed that young people have no duties and serious responsibilities so , they enjoy there life more than old people .
Youngsters have no or very less responsibilities regarding there financial independance and taking care of their family however , they have lots of other things going on in their lives .
They have to make important decisions regarding their career and studies .
They face lot of prolems like changing levels of maturity , meeting new people , concentrating on so many things at the same time e.g. sports , arts , academics etc .
So , it will not be fare to think that youngsters enjoy their lives because they do n't have much to think about seriously .
However , it is the way they take their life and respond to their problems .
They try to cope up with their problems without actully thinking a lot about it , that means they just do it ...
without giving it a thought later on , whether it was right or wrong ?

On the other hand , most of the older people are usually spending lot of time thinking about their problems or about their wrong decisions in the past .
They have a sense of responsibility for their family and young ones , all the time even if they could do a little to solve their problems .
They think that age is a barrier for them to be happy and enjoy their life .
They stop going out for parties and meetig other people as they believe that they are too old for all these things .
However , enjoyment of life and events happening in the life does not depend on the age of a person .
It depends totally on the way we percieve the things occuring arround us .
If we start veiwing our life as a new begining every morning then it will be very easy for us to forget all the mishappenings and mistakes .
Therefore , age is not a barrier for happiness and enjoyment , it is the way we percive our life .
The statement that young people have a greater ability to enjoy life than older people clearly is an issue worthy of discussion .
In the following essay I try to give examples supporting and opposing this fact .

In the beginning of this short passage it is necessary to state what can indicate enjoying ones life .
The most intuitive points are of course the amount of time spent on activities , which bring fun to an individual .
Examples for this can be sports , cultural activities such as theater or visiting the movie theater , social activities such as meeting with friends or visits in clubs , bars or discos .

The actual amount of time spent on each activity clearly counts toward the young people .
Yet it should not receive much attention , since growing age comes along with growing responsibility .
We shall therefore try to acknowledge the subjective feeling of fun deriving from each activity for the individual .

When it comes to sports , a difference between old and young people is not clearly distinguisable without thorough research , which cannot be conducted at this point .
Most older people lie great emphasis on sports in order to stay healthy or free their minds by physical challenge .
One could argue , that young people are taking the particular sport to a higher level , but this clearly does not support the idea of a greater enjoing .
Every sport is enjoyable for the conducting individual , even if it is being practised at a very low level .

Focusing on the cultural activities , a general viewpoint is necessary .
In general the age of the individual determines its taste .
Therefore the activities chosen are highly dependent on a individuals age .
Again the type of activity chosen cannot determine whether one individual receives a higher reward in terms of fun from its choice , than the other individual does from the other choice .

The third category stated above indicates the greatest difference between age groups .
It is clearly observable and commonly known , that from a certain age onwards less emphasis is being laid upon going out a night and visiting bars , clubs or discos with friends .
From a younger point of view this could be seen as a lack of fun in ones life .

To conclude this paragraph the differences in behavior between old and young people are clearly visible .
Yet this observation is lacking evidence that young people actually enjoy life more than older people .
Thus this statement cannot be backed by thorough reasoning .
The difference in behavior do not indicate more fun in life on one or the other side .
Yet the positive correlation between age and responsibility could make it harder for older people to conduct fun activities .
To answer the question , if most advertisements make products much better than they really are I want to procide in a certain way .
Since the question states that not all advertisements , but most of them are making a product look much better than it really is , I am just going to give some examples in order to empiricly prove that the given statement is correct .

In that order my first example is the Mc Donalds french fries .
When you see their commercial on TV , where it is these tasty french fries just shouting out of that shimmering red box , they always look just fabulous .
They are thick and have that perfect yellow-brownish color .
And almost more important they lie in that box perfectly organized .
Not a single one is misplaced .

Comparing that wounderful illusion of Mc Donalds french fries with the reallity one has to come to the conclusion that there is a gigantic diffrence between them .
That example hereby strongly supports the given statement .

To give another example one just has to look at one of these energy drink advertisements .
The advertisements tell you that by consuming that nice colored , always cooled looking drink all of your lost power or energy will be restored immediatly .
Most of these advertisements also make one feel that one becomes more attracitve by drinking that baverrage .

As in the first example the advertisement gives one an image of the product which does not correspond to the reallity .
Altough I have to admit that I did not try every existing energy-drink I believe I can tell by the dozen I have tried that they are neighter as good looking , nor as good energy restoring as the advertisement wants to make one believe .

As these to examples perfectly show advertisements usually make a product seem much better than it really is , which is nothing to wonder about if one looks at the purpose of an advertisement .

Since advertisements are made to increase the number of sold units of a product , of course they try to make everyone believe that they are buying a perfect product .
Nowadays , the topic of the abusive use of cars by men all around our planet is often discussed because it is quite relevant .
It has been observed that since the Industrial Revolution , which began during the mid-eighteenth century , the span of many environmental changes ( such as the melting of the ice in the North Pole ) , which was previously of several thousands of years , has been reduced to a few decades .

It seems that there is a direct relationship between this abrupt reduction and the recent activity of men around the Earth : the fabrics in which we produce various materials as well as the cars we use release various types of gas in the athmosphere which are causing serious damage to our planet .

However , I doubt the acknowledgement of this damage is a motivation powerfull enough to lead most of men to change their habits .
There will always be a need for us to move quickly from one place to another .
Thus the real question is not whether there will be fewer cars in twenty years : many research teams have understood that the real challenge is not the reduction of the number of cars , but the creation of a new generation of cars .

As a matter of fact , this new generation already exist : already thirty years ago , electric cars as well as a new type of fuel ( mostly based on biologically non-harmful components ) have been created .
However , each one of these two solutions has its drawbacks : the electric cars are either too slow or too fast and this problem has not been solved yet .
As regards the new type of fuel , a lot of pressure is being put on governments by lobbies which have financial interests in the selling of the traditional type of fuel , i.e. petrolium .

Thus I suppose the future of our planet ( to which the use of cars is closely related ) entirely depends either on the progress of science , or on the goodwill of the people in charge ...
In my opinion , it is indeed more important for a student to grasp ideas and concepts than it is to simply learn all the relevant facts oz heart .
What use is the most encompassing accumlation of facts if you cannot employ them in a specific context , in other words in relation to a specific conceptual framework ?

Let us assume for instance that I would know in advance all the relevant facts , that is questions , topics and texts , important vovabularz that are being used in the TOEFL test ( which is of course impossible ) .
This would not necessarily help me to score high and be effective in my strategies for answering the single questions because these questions heavily rely on the concepts as well as the general context that the single reading passages , lectures and/or conversations elaborate as a whole .
Of course there are questions that pertain to specific details .
Yet these details cannot always stand for themselves and be seen independently , but are interwoven within the thematic frame of the text .

An example of this would be the word ` romanticist ' .
As a fact stated within a class on British poetry that term does not relate to topics of romance and the love between to people .
However , in another context such as an everyday conversation with my friends in a pub , me claiming to be a ` romanticist ' can very well indicate these things ( although in real life I would probably just use the adjective and say that I am ` romantic ' ) .

Also , and this would be another reason for my argument , facts can either change over time or simple be false depending from what source they come from .
For instance , it has become a well-known fact that the information that is provided by Internet sites such as the online encyclopedia ` Wikipedia ' must not be seen as reliable and 100 % correct because anyone can contribute to its database .

To sum up , although it is important to pay attention to all the facts and details that are being presented one also has to be extremely careful and attentive when it comes to putting these facts into pragmmatic use .
Also , one constantlz has to be aware of the fact ( no pun intended ) where the information one is using is coming from .
Because as several examples from history and politics have shown misinformation and the abuse of power can be used to manipulate people 's opinions or to justify certain military operations .
Typically , it is a common misconception that young people would enjoy life more than older people do .
It is infact true that younger people have more potential to enjoy life , although it is the sad truth that some do not .
Some of the more older people in the world probably enjoy life much more than younger people .
I believe that with the right mindset , enjoying life is not a matter of age .

Younger people have more capable bodies to play sports or do very difficult activities , such as mountain climbing .
A child at the age of five would not have many worries with almost no responsability .
They would continue running around , thinking of nothing but their next desire .
A teenager would exhibit realizations of responsability .
They would have to keep up with their grades , and their social life , etc .
Although , a teenager still does not have a goal set for their life .
Some have a theory that they have the so-called `` teen angst '' in which they rebel against many different situations and/or persons in their life .
This is an example of how a younger person may not enjoy life more than an older person does .
An older person should be wise enough to do the right thing and act the right way .
Another example could be if a person was put into a very bad situation .
For instance , if the teenager or child was living in the more disease prone areas of Africa .
They probably would not be having so much fun , especially with the political instability and the little amount of food around .

An older person , on the other hand , usually has a foot in the direction they would want to follow .
They would not have the ability to , for instance play ninty minutes of soccer in one of the major clubs of the world , although they could still enjoy such past-times as golf .

An older person would probably have had the resources set around himself/herself to be in some way succesfull .
It is up to them whether they want to follow that path or any other .

In conclusion , it is only ourselves limiting the enjoyment of life .
It is true , with some situations , there really is not much you could do , although we have to make the best of what we have .
So once again , it is not true that young people enjoy life more than older people .
IDEAS create imagination , create creativity , create an independent perspective .
The human mind is more likely adaptive to an idea than a fact .
So , i agree with the statement `` it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' First of all , i would like to present a description of what ideas and facts are ?
Ideas are the outcomes of the human enthusiastic and exemplary brain processing , on the other hand facts are mere proved and universally accepted theories , led by the various and respected scientists , biologists , academicians , and philosophers .

Conceptualised thoughts and ideas present an organised and extra ordinary image of the brain working with the human senses proving to be equally creative .
Ideas produce imaginations , which on a more groomed level arise creativity in an individual .
Ideas create history , innovations .
Concepts and ideas combined create new inventions while facts are confined to what they mean .
Their is also liberality in extending an idea and concept .

For example the revolutuionaries and celebrities like Mahatma gandhi , Martin luther king , Mother theresa , Nelson mandela and not to forget the great Adolf hitler , never relied on facts for getting a mass historical transformation and revolution , rather they all used their experienced and practical ideas to implement and bring changes at the global level .

Ideas , though can be percieved in different ways .
For a student , i think ,, the most important way to relate to different aspects of his career is through his reasoning abilities and logical interpretations which are enhanced outcomes of the basic idea he or she clings on to .
Students , in the contemporary world like to be independent , practical and solution oriented .
hence at times facts can help them by proving informative and a short cut to major solution but finally , its the ideas which help a student in his or her long term accomplishments .
AN idea repetitively creates an ability to think beyond certain limits , imbibing certain aspirations in a student .
To fulfill these creative and practical ideas and to implement them in his or her daily life , he or she can reach to greater heights of success .
This mentioned success can be through an artistic idea , a technological idea , a philosophic idea , a mythical idea , or any creative instinct based idea .

So , concuding i strongly believe that an idea or a concept brings out that extraordinary individual in a student which a proof dependent fact cannot .
I think it is a difficult question because it can have two simliar meanigns .

First if it is better for a student to know the theory rather than the practise aspect ; but it can mean also , if it is better for a student to understand a concept rather than the fact which the concept come from .

In this second meaning , for example , if it better for a student to learn principal political ideas of the French Revolution or to learn facts that brought to the revolution ; or to know causes and effects of the Second World War or to know personal Hitler history .

I think that there is not a more important thing between understanding ideas and learning facts .
In fact , education cannot be only theoryc .
So I do not agree with the statement .

For example , in chemestry , student cannot learn only formulas .
He-she has to do experiments , otherwise science cannot go on , because theories have to be proved .

Maybe only who studies philosophy can learn only ideas of ancient Greek or Roman philosophers , for instance .
That means that who works only with concepts can have an abstract way of learning .

Even though also in this field there is a sort of evolution .
For example , some branches of philosophy , of Humanities , like Antropology has to study human behaviour so it has to know facts .

In the field I study , that is law , facts are really important .
Eve though there are many rules , we cannot use only them to give a legal advise .
We need to refer to facts that really happened .
The use of cars today is almost `` automatic '' in our society .
Most households have at least one vehicle and people use their car for any purpose , from major trips to going to pick up groceries down the street .
However , the use of cars is being threatened by the lack of oil the world will be facing soon .
On the other hand , the use of car threatens our environment , contributing to the pollution of our atmosphere and to global warming .
What will the consequences be in twenty years ?
Will there be fewer cars or just higher pollution ?
What solutions will we find ?
So many questions to answer , so little time , and so much of our everyday life and comfort affected ...

I think that our society , in order to be able to have the many cars we have today , will need to find solutions to our biggest problems .
First of all , we are already facing the problem of the decreasing amount of oil leading to the price explosion of gasoline .
Exploiting oil becomes more and more expensive and rare , and it is starting to affect everyone who owns a car .
Any trip or use of the vehicle becomes pricy , and as a result , more and more people consider using public transportation .
I think this will eventually lead people to a better understanding of what the society as a whole can do : if there are fewer cars , it reduces the pollution and helps the environment .
From an individual point of view , using public transit will become cheaper as gasoline prices will go up .
For those reasons , and because I want to be optimistic , I think there will be fewer cars in twenty years .
People will realise how much money owning a car represents and most households will simply not be able to afford it .

Nonetheless , if governements and innovative corporations start to work hands in hands , solutions to find better environment-friendly resources to replace gasoline will appear .
As a result , people will be able to buy vehicles that work with elecricity or natural gas , and will be able to keep using their private means of transportation .
In this case , we will tend to see more cars than today , as the world population tends to grow .
Some solutions have already started to show up and enable us to keep confidence in the future .

However , I do believe that we are reaching the highest point of consumption today .
I doubt there will be more cars in the future , and I really hope people will consider public transportation as a great alternative , for the sake of everybody as well as for the preservation of our environment .
It is claimed that teenagers nowadays have less time to commit themselves to activities other than academic pursuits ; they do not give enough time to helping their communities .
However , I disagrees with the claim , as in the perspective of a young student , I still see a lot of young people squeeze out time to help their communities .

In my school , there are a lot of organized programmes for students to engage in to help their communities .
We are offered precious opportunities to visit old folk homes and valuable chances to ask for donations for disabled children .
I was also proud that I participated in activities for charity organisations to perform harmonica in public to gather donations from people .
There are a lot of students who are also actively involved in community programmes to fulfill themselves and to contribute to society and their communities through whatever ways they can .

Last year , local universities stop to use Community Involvement Programme ( CIP ) as a criterion for admission of freshman applicant .
The main reason is that the Ministry Of Education ( MOE ) wishes to discourage students from participating in community programmes for the sake of earning CIP hours , which was used as a criterion for university admission .
However , after MOE has discarded the old system , there are still a lot of students who engage actively in community work , which is a testimony to the fact that most students are helping their communities to contribute to society not , for the sake of getting into a university .

In addition , given the ample opportunities for yound people to help their communities , many have take advantage of the organized school activities to experience the real life of poor people .
Nowadays , people are generally more affluent than before , but there are still a lot of unfortunate people who cannot escape from the vicious cycle of poverty .
Thus , some students from wealthy families take advantage of their opportunity to go overseas to help poor people .
In my school , there are organized programmes for students to travel to Thailand and other poor areas to help to teach the poor students who are deprived of the opportunity to learn in a comfotable classroom as we do .
Every year , there are a lot of students who apply for the programme , to the extent that our school has to select students for the overseas trips .
Many students are compelled to help the poor people .
Those who are given the opportunity to travel abroad also ask for the whole school population to donate books and unused stationaries to the poverty stricken students .

Therefore , in conclusion , despite the hectic schedules of comteporary young people , I still think that many youth sincerely wants to contribute to their communities and help to make the world a better place for all homo sapiens to live in , regardless of race , language or religion .
The importance of understanding concepts

Learning facts is an important part in an educational system , but what counts most is understanding the concepts and ideas .

First , if a student gets to understand how a certain system works , he would be able to understand the effect it has and be able to assimilate the informatioon faster .
If he memorized it as a fact without understanding the concept , he is probably going to forget it the next day .
I take myself as an example , I am a pharamacy student , and in my field there are lots of facts , as example , a drug leads to a certain effecs , but understanding the mecanism by which this drug works in the body and why it leads to this specific effect makes it easier for me to learn it and later use it .

Another point in favor of understanding concepts is that by doing so , the student will be able to develop his logical and analytical thinking which wil allow him later to applicate what he learned in another field or problem .
For instance , understanding why the earth gravite around the sun is more important than the fact itself , because understanding this concept enables the student to apply it to the whole astronomy field including the understanding of eclipse and seasons changes .

Finally , when learning facts , students tend to accumulate information and stick to them , whereas trying to understand an idea leads them to do their own research on the subject , to have their own judgment and approach .
They tend to broaden their mind and increase their curiosity .

I think that learning facts is important depending on the field of study because there are things that ca n't be explained or are beyond students understanding , but what is the most important is to understand the concepts whenever it 's possible because by doing so , a student manage to develop his way of thinking and to apply the concept to another field .
I agree with that idea that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize just in one .
As we live in a more complex and competitive word today , people are expected to be more qualified day by day as we see this point in the work area .
Also knowing just one subject very much is not enough .
Through broader knowledge , one society can contain very improved individuals .

Today , our world seems more competitive and difficult .
Good jobs are really scarce .
At this point , you have to improve yourself to have the best job .
Then there comes the question , how can you do that ?
If you are specialized in more than one subject , then it is obvious that you have a competitive advantage over a person who is specialized in just one subject .
And this is well-reflected in your recruitment process of the job that you applied for .
Also at this point , I want to give an example of myself that I am studying economics , but at the same time I had taken many classes from finance and marketing departments .
In my opinion , I will make benefit of this situaton in the future .

Apart from the career part , by specializing more , one society can go through a wider enrichment proces .
It is obvious that knowing more cannot be considered ashaving a bad trait .
If individuals in a specific society improve themselves through learning more subjects .
Then this society turns out be a very high developed one .
Just imagine that in a society , there is a great number of people who are very-well educated in terms of specializing in more than one subject .
Then we can say that this society will accomplish many thing on their own .
So knowing more is a very important aspect in our discussion .

To sum up , the decision of having greater knowledge on academic subjects is a very important one for the sake of a society .
I strongly believe that the general situaton of the world will be much more complex in the future and people who are specialized in various subjects will the ones who are going to survive more .
There are several reasons why it is believed that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Because of their freedom recentely discoverd and the amazing and new oportunities that keep appearing all the time .
Because of this time of exploration that youth has , I can affirm that young people enjoy life more than older people .

Young people feel free to do what they want .
They are in a period of discovering new things and finding out their path and knowing who they really are .
Because old people have already established a life style , with bigger responsabilities , they are not especting anything and their experimental time has passed .

Nevertheless , older people have their own wat to enjoy life , but I can not tell it because I have not experimented the adult period yet .
As a youth , I can affirm that I enjoy life because I take advantage of every new adventure that came out , and I dont have much bigger responsabilities than university .
In addition , university is enjoyable when you learn and at the same time , make friends and have fun with them .
It is the time in which you share your moments of joy with others .

Young people are independiently .
They have the wings to fly werever they want , travell in and outside the country , work in different places only for experience and not because of financial needs .
Youngs aspire for the future and project themself , so they still have hopes and views , and live their life especting and enjoying .

However , not all youngs have a pleasent life .
There are young people in the streets , homeless , and definetely not enjoying life as many other youths .

In conclussion , the adolecense period is fun , but the truth is that each period has their benefits .
Old people find their way to enjoy life too , as well as kids and babies .
The key is in enjoying every moment , because the present is a gift called present .
I do agree that there will be fewer cars twenty years from now because of quite a few reasons .
The population is incresinng rapidly , fossils fuels will soon be exhausted , pollution levels are increasing at an alarming rate - this could be a threat to humanity if it continues , recycling all the car waste is already a big issue and there are many more reasons for why cars would be less used later on .

These days population is growing rapidly so are the number of cars .
This could prove fatal to humankind as burning of fossil fuels cause tremendous amounts of air pollution leading to global warming .
so , it would be better to use the public transport , or actually have a car pool .
With the growing technology , we could also make cost effective cars that use solar power to run , hence reducing the problem of air pollution .

Fewer cars could be a reason because of the exhaustion of fossil fuels too .
This is sure to happen because of the high rate of consumption of these fuels .
So , with no other alternative , it is human tendency to discover another source of energy , which looks like a probable event .

The awareness of the harms caused by different types of problems caused by usage of automobiles is spreading like a fire .
So , a time is soon to come when people are going to realise and take descions to control all the disastrous effects caused due to careless usage of automobiles People will probably cycle to close destinations , use the metros to commute between their homes and offices , walk down to the nearby store instead of driving to that place , take a local bus to travel in their city , use electric or solar powered cars which would actually prove to be cheaper as they run on non-exhaustible resources thereby reducing the number of cars .

Finally , i just hope that we become wiser , reduce the usage of cars , do whatever it takes to save earth from all the dangerous threats it faces today and make our world a better place to live in .
After all , it was we who have ruined it , so lets come together and strive hard to make it a safe place .
Traveling means that you go somewhere else , usually an unknown place , to see , relax , or to learn about those other places , their history and their culture .
Definetely the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , because , it is a way to make the best of the trip and use each minute to it 's highest capacity , because each second that passes is not only worth money , but it is also worth precious time of learning and having a great experience .
When having a tour guide , one can focus on other things like assimilating what is happening ( what has happened in those places that I am standing ) all around , but paying attention to someone that knows where they are taking you .
Sure , it would be ideal to mark your own route when traveling , but not everyone can do that .
At least , I would need to travel a little bit more , to know how to do that .
The tour guide can be of great help when someone does n't travel that often , because , they will summarize every important detail , and help you not to miss any of them , as you go along the journey .
A tour guide is a qualified person , someone who does n't only know history , architecture , and in most cases culture ( they usually have lived in those places ) , which means that a load of curiosities , historic and cultural details go along with having a guide .
Now , the question rises : what kind of guide would you want ?
One that has lived in the places that you are visiting , one that is specialized in architecture , or planting , or churches ?
That is a question based on what do you want to go see specifically .
Each person has different interests , and you may need a guide that can talk in your language , literally and figuratively speaking , so that you feel that your curiosities and questions can be answered and taken care of by that person .
So , in terms of traveling , having a guide can make a trip a more enjoyable experience , and a very educative and interesting one at that .
Nowadays advertisements are massively used in order to improved the sells of products .
However we could wonder wether advertisements reflect products as they are really or not .
We will first see how products are often depicted as better than they really are by advertisements .
Then we will consider the reason of this deformation of the reality .

Advertisements always make products better than they really are since they only show the best aspects and all the advantages of the products .
Everybody will agree to the fact that it would be irrelevant for an advertisement to point out the drawbacks of the product it intends to present .
If we take the example of an advertisement , aiming at selling a car , the car will be perfectly clean while you will never have such a clean vehicle after a few months of use .
Moreover the advertisement will just present the positive aspects of the car considered .
For a a small car it will depict its easyness of use in a city and boast its little consumption of oil , but it will not tell us about its lake of habitability or the appearance of the materials use inside it .

Products are indeed always depicted much better than they are , in order to sell them .
Nobody would buy a product not appealing through advertisements .
Since advertisements often lead the choice of the consummers who do not want to waste their time in reading a lot of reviews before buying a product , firms spend an incredible amount of money on advertisements .
Sometimes advertisements go as far as lying about a product in order to sell it therefore people should be of this .
Advertisements often use images to sell products and everybody knows that images could be modified to fit the desire of consummers .

In conclusion , advertisements make always products more appealing than they really are and peole should reali
This is a very interesting question because it represents the current challenge in french education .
Indeed , the task of education is to teach students a lot of theories , ideas and concepts .
That 's also why we learn philosophie in school , to learn to doubt , to think and analize .
the follow quotation of Montaigne shows the real question : `` It is better to have a well established brain that a full brain . ''

But both ca n't work separately : we need comon knowledge to learn how to take a decision and how to behave in society .
History shows us the way to behave with other countries , mathematic shows us how to deal with other countries , geography teaches us how to reach other countries and languages allow us to speak in other countries .

The comon knowledge represents all ideas , concepts and theories we need to make the right decision and understand our environement .

Despite all of this , one day , students have to use their knowledge in a practical field to experience the profit of it .
The increasing rate of internship demonstrates this need of ` facts ' .
Education requires always more from students without teaching them the real work they are attending for .
That 's why , there are more and more private schools that offer a practical schooling with a long period of internship .
University realized this problem few years ago and tried to adapt themself to the reality of the market .

To conclude , I would say that this is a central question in education field .
In my point of view both are as important .
The question is no longer to know if we should teach ideas and concepts but more to know where is the border between ideas , concepts and practical facts ?
Actually I strongly agree with that most advertisements make produts seem much better that they really are .
which is really unfair for the consumer to be mislead to believe that this product they are advertising is great and can perform its action perfectly .
Simply they make you feel that you can never live without it ( even if you do n't really need it )
And they usually pray on children , teenagers and people that tend to believe everthing .

Advertisements usually use to techniques , first one , convincing you that this product ideal for you and that it perform its job with efficency , precice and with minimal effort from your side .
Like for example Swiffer Duster , they mentioned in the advertisement that it wipes all the dust completely in one strok specially on tight places , ofcourse much better than your usual old duster , and that it is stong enough to get the whole job done with minimal effort from your side that you would like to dust all day long .
While in reality , and I speak from my personal experiance , It dos n't really remove all the dust you have to pass it several time on the same area to ensure that it 's free from dust .
also id you used it in tight spaces the duster might attach its ends to each other making it hard to clean the area in question and the last proplem with tis duster that you need to use several dusting parts ( since the dusting parts are disposable ) to clean the whole house and not only one attachment as they inferd .

The second technique is that they try to show you that you ca n't live without it and that your life was really hard and need help before you know about this products , They do this by stating all all the benifits from using this product and completely egnore to state the defects of their product and even mislead you to believe that it does n't have any defects .
An example of this technique is advertising for durgs specially antidepressant drugs and sleeping aid drugs .
people might not even need this drugs but by hearing about them and their benefits all the time they start to think that they might really need them when thet do n't .

I wish their was more supervision on the advertisement so that they would send more accurate complete informations about their products and to decrease the amount of drug product advertisements by incresing the spectatue awarness .
Some people hold that it 's better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
As far as I am concerned , I 'd like to take a neutral stand on this issue .
My opinions go as follows .

In the first place , with no doubts , the society aspires talents who have comprehensive knowledge of many academic subjects .
For instance , in some companies , a secretary is expected to perform not only in administration , but also in related areas such as banking , accounting , marketing and HR .
Nowadays it 's not uncommon that more and more companies , in order to acquire more profits , often cut back costs on the number of staff .
Making one staff do the work of two or even three is not unusual .
Employees at work are expected to be equipped with broad knowledge , so that they can perform in all areas .
As we all know that to do well at work , you have to be an all-rounder .
Many people have been aware that language command and computer skills all have become common tools , all modern people need to know how to use a computer .
We have to admit that a lawyer who could speak English and has good computer knowledge can do better than his or her counterpart who does not speak a foreign language .

However , in certain fields , people need to be specialized in one specific subject .
This is especially true in science and technology field .
To do well in a certain field , people have to be specialized in it .
especially those students who take doctorate degrees , some are specifically in Glass , some in Optic Fibre .
In my opinion , even an accountant can do very well if he or she gets only specialized in accounting .

We need to be objective in this issue .
Depends on what field you are in and what job you are taking , either has no harm .
A lot of people think that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I personally believe that peole whoo only do what what they alresdy know how to do well are more successful than those who belong to the other category .
I have many reasons in support of this opinion of mine .

First and foremost , I feel that by doing what one is already good at one has a good grip over the subject to be dealt with .
This provides the person to think probe more deeply into his or her subject of specialization .
Thus success can be obtained quickly .
For instance , a friend of mine who graduated in financial engineering tookup a job as an analyst which involves his branch of study .
He tasted success within no time .
His salary doubled within a short period of six months .
In two years he grew to the position of a senior analyst .
A nother friend of his tookup a job totally different from his subject of study and ended up earning not even close to half of my friend 's salary .
Thus this kind of success comes faster and is more long lasting .
The risk involved is literally nothing .
It is any day a safer bet .

Aditionally , taking risks and doing new things may give nore scope for creativity .
But , the amount of time and work it consumes is is too much .
The results are not seen immediately .
A person who follows this path requires to have oodles of patience .
It is impossible to judge if the new thing will click or not .
In most cases the risk factor is high and the person has no idea of what he is doing .

Based on the above discussion , I feel that successful people are those who do what they are already good at rather than those who try new things and take risks .
Advertisements are everywhere : in the streets , at work , at home on TV and on the radio .
They intend to make products seem good and cajole the consumers into buying their products .
However sometimes advertisements make products seem much better than they really are and betray the consumers .

First , one should not forget that the purpose of an advertisement is to show the bright side and the advantages of a product .
For instance a car company will show in its advertisement how fast its car is or how safe it is .
However the advertisment will not mention intentionally the drawbacks of the product .
The fact that this last proposal would sound ridiculous to anybody highlights the fact that we are all aware of the purpose of an advertisement .
Therefore if one advertisement insists on the velocity of a car it may not speak about safety because this is not a important characteristc of the car .
It then appears that most advertisements doe not lie , however they only show the high skills or advantages of the product and sometimes it can make the product seem much better than it really is if the consumer does not consider the possibiliy of drawbacks .

Moreover , some advertisements do not only lack information on possible defaults of the product , but they intend to make the consumer forget all those default by emphasizing so much on the qualities of the product .
There are many ways to hypnotise the consumers .
For instance some advertisements would repeat an incredibly large number of times the same moto , which generally says `` This product is the best '' or `` You ca n't be happy without this product '' .
This is nearly lying since they the company generally can not prove its product is the best , maybe the more sold but not the best .
A lot of advertisments for cleaning products are based on this principle .
They compare the efficiency of their product with an `` unknown '' product , but we no nothing of this `` unknown '' product .
Thus in this case it is not difficult to be the best .

In conlcusion , a lot of advertisements take advantage of the consumers ' naive beliefs and make products seem much better than they really are .
Their purpose in this case is not only to show the good aspects of one product but to incite the consumer to buy one product he does not need or he does not know about .
It is understood that the purpose of advertisements is to attract the publics attention in many possible ways .
These could be by using extravagant colours , catchy slogans , songs and nowadays even special effects are sometimes included .
Catching the `` eye '' is only the first step , the advertisement 's job is also to give the best possible image of the product being showed .
Sometimes the overuse of misusage of technologies , such as special effects or words in the advertisement might lead to cause false impressions on the public .
I definetly think though that this situation is rarely seen .
Advertisements today make products seem `` cooler '' in order to atract attention , but in retrospective the product seen is the same one you might purchase later at the store .

It would be very difficult for this statement to become a reality nowadays .
Several consumer rights laws prevent that companies or corporations give a false impressiong of their products .
What is advertise is usually what you get acoording to the law .
As a consumer you are now entitled to demand the product you were informed of and also any other benefits this product shall provide to you .
For instance lets take a Dr. Pepper ad , it might describe you the taste , the package and the price , that is exactly what you 'll get in the store , the background music and the young actors in the advertisement surely are not included , they are just visual aids .
Another example is a hair growth product or a dieting pill , consumer rights protect you from the possible lies that the corporations may induce in the ad .
At the end of the treatment you might not look exactly like the people showed in the advertisement , but you wil loose weight and grow hair .

In my personal experience I think that advertisements might be more shocking than they used to be , they tend to atract more my attention that a few years ago that 's for sure .
Nevertheless the product that I am offered is always the one I get when I buy it , never better just exaclty what I expected .
Base on my own experience I totally agree the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Now I will give you my conspicious reasons .

First idea comes in to my mind is the definition of successful , that is outstanding which has the same meaning of standing out .
It is to say those successful people should be different from ordinary people .
How to be different ?
The answer definitly not only doing what others already know how to do well .
It is reasonable that the awards usually go to those who try new thinks and take risks because they are outstanding .

Second try new things and take risks can make people more open minded and gain more knowledge and finally make them successful .
When try new things you can get another point of view of the problem .
I can remember that my senior design project was to design a control system for hot blast stoves .
Pervious people solve this kind of problem by classical control methods , however my teammember and I decided to try intellengence method although our advisor warned us that we might fail .
Guess the result , we not only acheived our project successfully , but also got undergraduate research prize .

Reading the history books you may find that each huge development of the world has some relationship with the new inventions .
And more and more schools teach students the invent ability is the most important quality to become successful nowadays .

Look at another side of the statement and suppose that if people only repeated doing what they already know how to do well .
No new theories , no new technoledge , no new applications , how could the world get increasing development .

From all the points I mentioned above we can drive a conclusion that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Bill Gates , the richest man in the world .
What can we say about him ?
He is revolutionary , imaginative and fearless .
Then people might ask what made him so rich and also the way to be one of the successful person in the world .
The factor that successful people have is common is that they are fearless but love challanges .

We tend to do what we already know how to do well .
It does not give us any pressure and worries since we are expert in certain area .
Working on what we already know how to do might make us feel comfortable to deal with as it will likely take any risk but it might be really tedious as time goes by .

By trying to do new things , people get excited with the feeling that we are starting something new that might motivates us .
That can be the reason why some people like to try for something riskly and still happy even it they failed .

Trying new things may extend our ability and capacity .
We can see how we improve by practicing and by pains in the beginning stage .
By having mistakes and fails , we improve more and finally become experts on the area .
This might extend our knowlede as well .
Repeating these precious experience , we learn lives and get wisdom .

Lastly , there are always some possibilities that the new thing that we are trying to start will bring double amount of profit .
Bill Gates shows the successful case of it .
It is obvious that he had had so much pressure and fears when he started his own business at the first time .
As time goes by he got used to his work and acutally became the master of the computer .
The accomplishment that he has done might have made the miserable memories of his life when he had just started the business memorable and precious .

Human 's capacity and ability are unlimited .
Unlike robot , we can think and improve these thoughts .
Doing the same thing that we already know how to do can also done by robots .
We are not robots Therefore , we should be more fearless , imaginative and for when trying something new
Nowadays , Many people put much emphasis on the importance of helping each other .
In sptie of the importance of helping each other , some people told that `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
However , I disagree this opinion .
Rather , I think young people have much more time to helping their communities than before .
I 'll explain my opinion this following reason .

The first reason I think young people have much more time to help their communities is the change of education policy which put much emphasis on the social wellfare activity .
Todays , the education authority , or Ministry of Education ( hereby referred to as `` MOE '' ) puts much more emphasis on social wellfare activity than ever before through `` the Education Reformation Plan '' .
In this plan , the MOE recommed that each school teach its students to envolve actively in the social well-fare activity .
The best example of this plan is to help elderly and clean the street .
To fulfill the requirement of social wellfare activity which gives enough credit to apply the University , Many young people have much more time to help their communities than ever before .

The second reason is the advent of internet age .
As you are well aware of , the internet has `` INTERACTIVE '' charateristic .
Today .
many online community prosper in the internet world , The best example is `` Sy-World '' or '' Friend Society '' .
In this internet community , there are many activities to help social communities .
Young people have more time to construct clean and sound society through suggest their opinion on the internet site .
Sometimes , they check the behavior of Congressmen to make clean political environment .

In conclusion .
I think young people nowadays have more time to helping their communities .
I think the change of education policy which emphasize the importance of helping their communities and the prosperous of internet community which envoles major social issues is the main reason that young people have enough time to helping their communities .
In twenty years there will be much more cars in use than there are today , if nothing unusual like a world war happens .
And the main reason to support this idea is just because the world 's population is growing very fast .

In particular , the population of developing countries is increasing at a rapid rate , and many of these countries are attaining very high rates of development .
Let us think about China : it has a population of more than one billion people .
China 's economic growth rate is 9 % .
Nowadays still many people in China is poor , but as long as the country continues to recover , more and more cars will be demanded .
The same phenomum is occuring in countries like Brasil or India .

The fact that the amount of oil to produce petrol is limited and will no longer exist as the main powering source used by cars and other means of transport , does not imply that the amount of existing cars will be reduced in twenty years .
First , after that period , there still will be petrol enough to be used by cars , and second , there will be other alternative sources of energy like hydrogen .

Like or not , cars are nowadays our principal mean of transport , even people do not use them in an efficient way .
Many people go to their job by car , and prefer it to the public transport .
But , for example , most of the times an average person uses a big car of four places for this purpouse .
This causes many traffic problems and pollution .
To solve this new public policies are necessary to reinforce and to enhance the use of public transport by making it cheaper .

In conclusion in twenty years will be definetively more cars than today but they should be re-invented .
They probably will be different : smaller ( just for one person or two ) , they will consume less energy and use alternative-clean energy sources ...
This issue is related with our great goal as humans , which is to care about sustainable development
I deeply agree to the statement that advertisements make products seem better than they actually are .
In fact , I believe that many products would hardly be bought at all if people only knew the product itself and not the advertisement that goes along with it .
My opinion on this has been influenced by experience and by academic studies , and I would like to state several reasons for my answer .

First of all , the psychological mechanisms behind advertisments are rather obvious .
It is easy to see that a galopping horse and a handsome man have not much in common with the taste of a cigarette , but the positive feelings created by the descibed image do influence a persons feelings towards the advertised brand .
This can be explained psychologically and physiologically , and I am sure that studying Psychology has helped me understand the underlying principles better .
The advertisement industry is a huge and powerful one and the quality of an adverts thoroughly influences the selling numbers of a product .

In one lecture on the psychology of advertisements I heard about certain techniques that are employed by advertisers which have only deepened my opinion on advertisements .
An example of the fakeness of the presented product is the fact that the thickly streaming milk one can see in an advertisement for cornflakes is as tasteless as the flakes themselves : the milk is actually glue and the flakes are made of plastic .

I am convinced that most advertising companies employ similar techniques to make the products seem supernatural and generally better than they are .
It is unlikely that a company could still compete with others if they simply stated that their product was good .
It seems like a good idea to have certain regulations in advertising .
These do already exist and it seems almost necessary to protect consumers from being lured into purchasing a product that only seems attractive because of the idea sold along with it .

It makes sense that a producer wants his product to shine in the best light .
However , I think that the techniques being used in advertising these days go far beyond what one could call a realistic image of a product .
Therefore , I can only agree to the statement given .
I think that it depends on what is the field of the academic subjects you are studying .
If the acadmic subjects is about science or other similar subjects which need some professional knowledge , that will need to specialize in the specific subject .
If the academic subjects is about education , bussiness or other similar subjects , that will need to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
In my concentration , education , I think I need the broad knowledge of academic subjects .

To have broad knowledge of a lot of subjects is very important in studying education .
Teaching has a lot of works to do .
If you want to make the learner understand what you are talking about , you will need to explain .
But if you know less , how can you make your learner understand what you want to talk about ?
The only way to solve the problem is to try to explain in many different ways untill your learner can know what you are talking about .
That is why you need to have broad knowledge .
Because when you know more , you can teach more and you can make more people understand what you want to talk about .

In other hand , if your subject is in those subjects which needs professional knowledge , it is better to speclialize in one specific subject .
Take science as an example : if you are studying the molecular biology , you needs many professional knowledge about biochemistry or molecular biology .
If you can know more , you will study more .
That will need more specific knowledge to make you learn more .
That is the reason you need to keep on studying specific knowledge .

To get the conclusion , my opinion of this topic is that it depends on what kind of subject you are studying .
If the subject you are studying needs to explain or combine other knowledge , you will need to learn more from other subjects .
But if your subject needs the professional knowledge , you would better to keep on studying more in your specific knowledge .
That is the only way to help to learn more and better .
Having a broader knowlege of a many subjects is not a very good thing to achieve .
A person who defines this will be called a `` jack of all trades and a master of none '' .
I think being an expert in one specific field is a better choice .

Having a knowledege of too many subjects at once will make a person feel undeducated since they have not gone into enough depth of anything in order to achieve a living out of it .
Also whatevr kind of work they do will be never be done to full perfection due to the gaps in their knowledge .
An example of that would be a normal mechanic doin odd jobs around my neighbourhood fixing televisions or computers or diswashers .
When he fixed my television set once it proved to be fatal for it .
Instead of getting better , the picture quality worsened and therefore i had to send my television set to the professional company mechanic who specialized in engineering .
After that my set started working and i do not have any more problems regarding it .

In economics we have a specific term for people who have a broad knowlege of many subjects , it is like a household-type society when all the people dab their hands in almost everything , `` a doer of all , but a master of none '' , this has several problems like low efficency , due to nobody knowing to how to actually carry out a task with full efficiency , the rate at which good work is being done is very low and damage is more .
On the other hand if people in a society are specialized in different areas , it is called a specialized society .
In a society like this , the efficiency levels will be extremely high , and also the time taken to carry out tasks will be less .
Therefore this kind of society will generate more money through the high quality goods and services they produce .
this also proves the fact that being specialized in a particular field is a wise thing .

If we leave the people to decide , will people prefer their housemaid stiching clothes for them or a specialized tailor .
Most probably people will opt for the tailor .
People who choose the opposite will hemselves see the diffrence in quality of the stitchig of the clothes by the housemaid and the tailor .
The tailor can only stitch and therefore he wll do his job with the most amount of sincerity and wil put in a lot of hard-work in that , since that is how he earns a living .
Whereas a housemaid also knows to to cook and clean and therefore will not pay attention to the sitchin as much because he has other means of earning .

As a conclusion i would like to say that people who specialize in an area or field of study will prosper in their lives .
Being a jack of all trades may seem impressive but there are many drawbacks to it and people like them will never have advantages over specialized people in anything .
Recently , I am questioning myself in what age will I be able to enjoy my life .
As a 23 year old university student , I came to the conclusion that older people enjoy life more than younger people .
Some people would think that young people enjoy their life more than older people do because they are young .
However , the real enjoyment of life cannot come in a young age .

First of all , young people do not have enough achievements and experience to enjoy life .
This may will sound strange to some people but in my opinion , to enjoy life , people have to have some kind of accomplishments .
I consider enjoyment as an in-depth pleasure that comes out of achivements a person has made and from occurances that a person has experienced .
Partying all nights would not be considered as the real enjoyment of life .
It can be a short time enjoyment but not in a long run .
For example , this winter I met some old couples who have retired from their work when I was in Cancun , which is a city in Mexico .
I could not forget the happy faces .
I had some chances to talk to them and what I was told that they just started to enjoy their life which seemed hard to understand to me .
What they were saying was that when they were young , they had so many things to worry , about the promotion in their work , their sons and daughters and so on .
But now they know how to enjoy their life without worrying about the thinks that was considered to be important in their past .

Secondly , young people do not have much composure in mind to enjoy life .
Young people who are mostly considered students have to work and study days and nights for their future .
They do not have enought time to look back and spend much time on their hobbies .
But as people get older , people tend to spend more time for their own .
There is somehting that my mother always says to me when I am slacking off .
`` To enjoy your life when you get older , you have to sacrifice your youth . ''

To conclude , even though it is hard to say that older people do enjoy life more than the younger people because there is not an exact boundary between old and young , I strongly believe that older people know how to enjoy their life because they have more achievements and experiences than the youngers have .
To enjoy my life when I get older , I am working hard to build up a bright future .
I hope that my belief that older people enjoy life more than younger comes true .
Eversince the last century , the car , introduced by the worldwide-best-seller Ford-T in the twenties , has become the most popular mean of transportation .
And nowadays it has even become more than that .

Actually , the car is now much more than just a mean of transportation , it has become a real social attribute , the bigger your car is , the higher you are on the social ladder .
Reducing the number of cars does not only implies a change in our habits of transportation but a complete change in the way we think .

Another example of the way the car has influenced our society are the american cities .
The way these cities are built is nearly an ode the car ...
It 's too difficult to move without a car , but that does n't matter because cars are still cheap in the US .
I do n't think twenty years will be enough ( a genration is twenty-five years ) for our socity to change .
However , some issues could help .

Indeed , the environment and particularly the global warming have become major issues for our planet , and the car is one of the biggest pollution sources on the planet .
Furthermore , the planet is running out of oil , implying an expensive energy , and that 's becoming more and more a problem .
However I am not worried for the future of the car , because new technology will overcome these diffculties .
We are nearly entering a new era , electric or even hyrogen engines will soon be availiable , leaving a bright future to the car .
Cars wo n't disappear , they 're just entering into their revolution , that 's it .

When I was young I used to think that Aliens existed , well actually I do think they exist , and I thought that the first thing they 'll see when arriving on earth would be our roads and our cars moving at any time of the day and night .
For sure they would think that the inhabitants of earth would be cars ...
Why would you want the inhabitants of earth to disappear ?
Since the begining of respectable civilisations people taught their children and students to understand concepts and theory .
But when you ask a wise student what he thinks is better the theoretical or practical aspects of things , he will respond '' of course practical '' .let 's take for example a history book , the chapter of '' Alexander the great '' is filled wih historical facts , Things that did happen , not ideas that has no shape in a students mind .

People are attracted by the practical things since theory is too vapid for them .
Theory needs a lot of concentration without really matching the concept .
A person will be able to match and understand something once he tasted the thing .
As a student i did not understand the chapter of '' probability '' by the first time i needed a lot of revisions and practice and especilly practical practice .
I did use a coin for example to understand the difference between two probabilities .
How can a student understand maths and history without being confronted to pragmatic situations .
In order to convey this kind of information a teacher has to make us feel the concept of the experiment .

Can we say that Alexander the great had two daughters ?
of course not , because the thing is that Alexander did not have any children .
This is a fact and cannot be argued , because history and ethnology are facts and not nebulous ideas without shpe .

Let 's talk about arts and music , how can we say '' This is the fact '' These hobbies cannot be considered as undeniable because there is no answer for a question of art such as '' is it beautiful ? '' i could say yes and my brother no .
But if someone asks me '' did Julius Cesar have a son ? '' i wuld say just as my brother '' yes '' because in fact this response is undeniable .

In conclusion concepts differ from facts and students have to manage both of them in order to be succesful in the viewing of situations in life .
As i stated earlier their are no different answers for a fact but their are infinite ones for an idea that one may not sahre or take as granted .
The real use or '' fusion '' of an idea and a fact will appear once someone tries to be a philosopher and then try to resolve unresolvable problems that our ancestors thaught of before us
Yes , I agree with the statement that `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . ''
Infact , in today 's highly competitive world , most young people 's sole focus is personal success and glory .
An aim that they start chasing from a very young age .
From getting into the best college , to getting the best job and making the most money .
These are the priorities that drive the young these days .

Helping the community is never really a pressing concern for the young .
Take for example the `` Brain drain '' in countries like India .
A phenomenon where most young and brilliant people choose to pursue their studies and careers abroad in countries such as the USA and others in Europe .
Their main motivation is a better standard of life and earning more money .
Most of these people never return to their native country and as a result deprive it of their input and the much required help .

Young people who do have strong morals and want to help their communities and country , often feel helpless in doing so and feel that they do n't have enough power to make a change alone and that they would be in a better position to help their community if they were successful and powerful .
As a result they put off helping their communities , while they pursue their careers .
Some of these people do follow their original intentions and work for their community , but most get caught up in their worldy affairs and find that they do n't have the time or the inclination to help their communities .

Well in my opinion , its not really the fault of young people who are driven by their ambitions and ca n't find the time in their very hectic lives to help the community .
You could say that the world is heading towards this situation of apathy because of the ever increasing need to stay ahead of the competition and succeed in the global environm
it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject area because it it gives a broader view on life and the different aspects of it > having knowledge in many different areas allows an individual to understand how people think and why they think as they do > this is very important in life because it helps people get through life safely and soundly without much conflict > when an indicidual has achieved knowledge in several sectors of the academic spectrum he or she can view life and everything in life from many different angles and perspectives > having a broader knowledge can help you empathize with different people in different times and in different places > having a good knowledge of history for instance helps a person understand why certain events in history took place and why people thought the way they did duing those times > having a broad knowledge in math helps a person understand how the world is connected and how the flow of ideas works > understanding math allows a person to undertand the true value of things and the meaning of many questions and values > a great knowledge of philosophy allows a person to govern him or herself and learn vituosity and morality > now when all these areas are combined together < a person can view life from a numerical sense < a historical sence < and a metaphysical sense > this allows for better interpretations of events < problems and so forth in that could come up in life > if a person is only educated in one subject area < he or she will be confined and contricted to one way of thought and one way of understanding or analyzing situations and problems > when only one academic area is studied the learner will become a prisone of that area and will therefore be a close minded person > the world todqy is filled with close minded people < these are the people who are causing corruption and a potential threat to the word as a whole > this is why citizens of the world should fight illiteracy and work on manking evey mind an open mind in order to make this world a better place for everyone >
Yes , I completely agree with this statement .
And , this is the whole idea behind getting the product advertise to lure the consumers and compete in the market .
In today 's competetive world everything is all about presentation , especially if you want to sell your product in the open market .
You really have to prove and show to the people that your product is better than others .
Advertising helps seller in marketing the product and in the process sometimes it shows the products better than they really are .
In the age of cut throat competition , advertisment companies tries to show the best of the best things about the product which is sometimes incorrrect .
I have a real life example to further support my thoughts - I was watching a coca cola advertisment some time back where it was showing that a person drinking the soft drink saw a girl drowning in the deep ocean .
He jumped into the ocean to save that girl and later on they highlited that the person is so brave and courageous becaue he drinks coca cola .
Ofcourse , this is nowhere near to reality but still good enough to generate interest in the soft drink .
Every year million and millions of dollars are spent to get a thirty second slot in the Super Bowl game in United states .

There is no harm in showing your product as a perfect one but at the same time one should not make it look like totally different than what thay are .
For instance , in US we get fliers everyday in our mail box about various deals but you reach the store only to find out that the deal is gone or that commodity is out of stock .
But , the advertisment accomplished what was intended there most of the time - generating traffic for the store .

Most of the advertising companies promotes themselves by saying that they can change the look and feel of the product .
They know the tricks to charm the consumer and in the process they make product seem much better than what they really are which is unethical but unfortunately true .
I fully agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my mind advertisement is just the invention of some smart business managers who wanted to increase the money they make through the selling of their product .
Of course advertisement is also a possibility for a company to present their product to a wide range of people through television .
But I am of the opinion that , if they would tell the truth about their product less people would buy it .
They have to make people believe that their product is the best product that they could buy , and that it would improve their lifes .
I think especially products such as washing powder seem much better in the advertisement than they really are .
Do we not all know the advertisement about the `` new incredible washing powder '' that is able to clean all our clothes and make them look brand new ?
There are so many of the advertisements that claim that they have found the solution for our daily problems .
Honestly , I have to say that none of these products ever worked as good as it should work .
It is a well-known fact , that most of the people believe in the advertisements .
The companies use the belief of the people that it is not allowed to lie .
Everybody knows from his parents that it is not polite to lie and so the people think that the advertisement cannot be wrong .
I also noticed that the people who produce these clips use the lack of knowledge of the people .
In Germany there is a clip for yoghurt with sugar from fruits .
For the people who do not know about fruit sugar , this yoghurt seems much healthier than a normal yoghurt does .
A lot of parents want to give their children something healthy and therefore they buy this kind of yoghurt .
If my mother has n't told me that fruit sugar is almost as unhealthy as normal sugar , I would also have believed that this product is much better .
Especially this information from my mother made me believe that most of the products seem better in the advertisement than they really are .
Generally speaking , young people are the most important role-players in any community ; as they are able to give more .

In my opinion , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
For example , what a young man cares about these days is where to find the newest and coolest video games , where he can download the latest MP3s and albums , or where to get a party held for fun ...
and the list never ends !

Young people in the middle ages , unlike nowadays , had more pasion to work .
For instance , they used to work in farms so they earn their living which enables them to get what they want and live their lives .
While youngs depend on their parents in everything nowadays , young people had been responsible before .
For example , youngs used to get married when they were at the beginning of their teen age .

But on the other hand , by looking in the records of what youngs provided to their communities nowadays , we just find few good examples .
Some young people participated in humanitarian organizations , which were very important means to help poor people around the world survive and live .
Other examples might be young scientists .

Have n't you heard about the 13 years old scientist who came up with a new method of calculation ?
Yes its true !
The method is now being taught in cambridge university and many professors admited that it is very effecient .

All what was mentioned above leads us to a point , which clearly shows that young people are a treasure , and they are a double-edged weapon .
Communities ( parents in the first place ) should guide their kids and teach them to be giving , not only taking , as no one can deny the fact that says `` The more you give , the more you get ! ''
If the given statement is true closely depends on the carreer you are planning to realize .
In my special case , I agree with the statement because I am striving to become a journalist in the area of science .
Of course , the abillity to write scientific texts is a crucial prerequisite to this kind of job but it will be also extraordinary helpful to have a broad spectrum of academic knowledge and insights if you are willing to get a scientific writer .

Therefore , I am studying Molecular Biotechnology which is characterized by its outstanding variety of subjects in order to get a broad education .
But many of my colleagues are very dissatisfied with their education since they are not teached to accumulate special knowledge in a particular fiel .
They fear that we have learned many important things but are not able to cope with problems occuring in the work of a scientist .
In other words , they do not feel capable of doing excellent research in a special topic .
From their point of view , the given statement is not true .

You may conclude that the best way to be educated is a compromise of both possibilities .
In my opinion dealing with a relatively broad spectrum of academic subjects at the beginning of your studies can be well combined with specialized study courses after a few semesters .
There is still the advantage of getting an overview of different parts of your subject and different parts of science first .
But after that you are still able to make up your mind and to choose the topic you will study in detail .
For example , in the United States and in Europe too , it is possible to make a bachelors degree and to go on with further studies in order to achieve the masters degree .
Therefore , after having received the bachelors degree students may consider to change their subject of study or to go ahead with much more studies within the same field .
I think , it is absolutely necessary to understand the whole idea and the whole concept of a topic .
On my opinion , only then it is possible the get the core and the intention of a topic .
If students would only learn single facts , they would never receive a complete picture of a subject .
They permanently would have single pieces of information but never a whole picture , they would absolutely lack an overview of everything - like in a puzzle where some pieces are missing .

Furthermore , all ideas or concepts themselves contain facts which are embedded into them , so it is not even possible to lern about an idea without learning - at least a few - facts .

My experience has shown that I have less problems to learn and to remember both , the whole idea as well as important facts and details , when I have understood the whole topic .
I have tried to learn only single facts a few times , for example at maths , a subject I am not very good at .
I only learnt single formulas but had no idea about how all these formulas worked together in any relationships .
In those cases I never got access to the deeper sense of the materia .

Another example I have already experienced , was when I had to learn a lot for the university .
Especially in one management course there was so much content during the whole semester , I really was afraid I could not cope with .
But at the end of the semester , when I had understood all ideas of the content , all information matched and fitted together nearly alone .
I really was < in the topic > .
So finally I could use all information I had to learn , because I knew what they were all about , I could categorize them and use them in the right way .
I am sure , this would not have been possible , if I only had learnt the facts .

Summarizing , I think students get not only a better , but also a wider knowledge by understanding ideas rather than single facts .
Media has become the fastest and most efficient way for advertising .
With the availability of the technological means , any product may be advertised adjustly in order to meet each client 's needs and expectations .
Some advertisements are even spread worldwide and translated to different languages to serve the audience .

It is clearly undoubtful that each company always tries its best to present the product it wants to sell in the best way possible .
Not only because it is esential to promote the product , but also because its the company 's right .
However , what is not part of it 's rights , is to lie about a product .
Most advertisements show their product to be the best one ever yet , and always shows that the product serves directly and perfectly its original purposes .
The new trend is to have celebrities acting in the clip , attractive women , and special effects and backgrouds , and all of this is fine .
Its very pleasant to watch well done advertisements and its always delightful to hear that there 's finally a product that will allow one not have wrinkles before the age of sixty ; however , its very disappointing when one actually tries it and doesnt get the expected results .

The problem nowadays is that the competition is too high .
Of course with the presence of media and the availability of easy and fast means of transportation , a company finds itself competing not only on a local scale , but also internationally , and this could be and most definitely is a threat .
By promoting the product properly , which usually results in making it seem way better than it really is , the company stands a chance in the market , and has a better opportunity to sell .

Of course these reasons do n't make it alright for advertisements to be a complete lie , because most of them really are , but this is how business works these days , and marketing or advertisement are increasingly being wanted and needed .
Is the best way to travel is going on a trip in a group led by a tour guide ?
If you are asking my opinion , my answer would be No .
I have experienced both travelling by myself and travelling with a tour guide , and , now , I will give you a couple of reasons why you should travel alone .

First of all , when you travel by yourself , you will have all the freedom in the world during your travel .
I am not talking about walking down the streets by yourself kind of freedom , what I am talking about is freedom to choose what to do , where to go , and what to eat , see , or experience .
I am sure the tour guide will provide you an excellent tour course for you to enjoy with your group .
However , tour course will be just that , the tour course .
Hundreds , or maybe thousands of people may have already been to those places .
Is that what you want ?
Enjoying an experience that the rest of the world already know ?
If I were you , I would love to go some places that no one has gone before , or the places that the locals enjoy , not the tourists enjoy .
Maybe , you will be able to find and make a local friend while you are enjoying a meal that are popular amongst locals .
Would that be possible if you were a member of a group who are follwoing the tail of the tour guide ?

Also , how can you guarantee that you will be a member of a group consist of only nice and charming guys and girls ?
You will be stuck with these people for a week or even for a month , what if some of them are just unpleasant people ?
Let 's say you are sharing a room with one of your group members , what if he snores like thunder ?
I am pretty sure that is not going to be a pleasant travelling moment .
If you travel alone , you wo n't have to worry about any of that .
Yes , you might feel lonely , you might need someone to depend on during your travel , but is n't that what the travel is all about ?
If you did not want to feel lonely and be supported by your friends , you could have just stayed at your home !

People always look for easier and more comfortable ways to travel .
I agree that group tour maybe less demanding and easier way to travel new places .
However , think about what you actually want to acquire during your travel .
Is it few fancy pictures of you with nice looking backgrounds ?
Or , is it once in a lifetime experience that you will remember for the rest of your life ?
If it is the later that you want , you need to travel by yourself , and experience it for yourself .
You often see old people on the street who are either angry , annoyed or very sad .
By contrast most of the young people I know are very cheerful and relaxed .
Apparently , most of the young people are much happier than older ones .
Therefore , I personally believe that young people enjoy their lives more than older people .

Evidently , older people have more maladies and painful physical problems .
The body gets weaker when you become older and often causes horrible pains .
Generally speaking , children and younger people are healthier and consequntly fitter .
My grandfather for instance , had belly cancer and therefore did n't relish eating anymore .
Being traumatized by horrible memories , many old people get more and more depressed in their old age .
This causes difficulties that force old people to renounce many pleasures in life .
For example , it becomes more and more difficult to travel .

In addition , younger people still have a lot of wishes and ideas of what they want to accomplish and experience in life .
Whereas old people tend to be frustrated because there is nothing new to discover .
They have experienced nearly everything in life and do n't have any future plans .
Young boys and girls can look forward and are still full of hope , whereas older people must look backward .

In conclusion , I personlly believe that it is much easier to be happy when you are young .
On the one hand , being young and fresh normally leads to a happier life because the body is generally fitter and painless .
On the other hand , a child or teenager still has the opportunity to discover many things in life .
Given all of these reasons , I recommend everyone to learn and experience as many things as possiple during his youth , since for most of the pleasures in life it will be too late one day
Nowadays the lack of help by young people is a big problem of our society or community .
The help does often lack concerning older people but even in politics or sport clubs .
In every part of our society , youth try to refuse their responsibility so they can use their time to play video games and other unimportant things .

A good example is the work at social associations .
It would be a good idea to let youths do an internship there or something like this , so that they can learn to treat with responsibility .
This would be a benefit for themselves and for society since a lot of costs for staff could be saved in the associations .
The work with old people or people who need help , like disabled people can also have a good affect to their personalities .

Another good aspect is the lack of help concerning politics .
As seen in every recent election , the participation in the elections has still decreased .
Of course this can also be a fact of older people who do not go to the elections but it is actually evident , that the biggest part results from the lack of interest in politics of the adolescence .
It would be a big support for the cities , villages and towns , if younger people expressed more interest in politics and help their communities at the same time with election campaigns for example .
With such supporting people a lot of costs can be saved even here , in the political sector .

Furthermore , there is another part of community , which is affected by the lack of help by young people , namely sports clubs .
In the past there had ever been people that just lived for their regional sports club , no matter which kind of sports .
The did everything for this club .
And indeed it is the community and the help of a lot of people which makes such a sports club to a club that functions pretty well and brings a lot of fun .
Nowadays young people just want to go there and to do there kind of sports .
And after that , they want to leave .
They do not want to be confronted with any responsibility , which could require a little bit of trouble .
Something like club parties in such sport clubs presents a good example .
Most times , those are organized with the help of all club members and those members are the people who bring the beverages , the cakes and whatever .
But today it is already too much for a young club members to bring something for the community , like a cake , or to give their friends a couple of hours of their time to help at the club party .

Conclusionally , in my opinion , young people should absolutely give more time to help their communities , since it is not only the community , that benefits from that , but even themselves and their personalities .
I agree with the statement that ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts .
In the following paragraphs i will try to defend my stand using various reasons and arguments .

Any learning process is useful only when it has some real world applications and makes a significant contribution to the life and personality of the learner .
Just take an example of any engineering or science subject .
You know that an induction motor produces electricity in such and such way , and that this type of combustion may give this result .
But what is the use of these facts learned ?
The learning is complete only when you see that motor installed anywhere and doing something that is very useful for the individual or community , like drawing water from a deep bore and when you go to any smelting unit and see the same combustion process being used to process metals and make alloys .

So , we can say that to understand concepts and ideas is actually application based learning whereas learning facts is just theoratical learning .
Unless theoratical learning is complemented with application based learning , the entire learning process remains incomplete for an individual .

This does not apply only to science and technology subjects .
Consider a student of dramatics , studying a subject , say `` Shakspear 's Plays '' .
He can very well learn the entire plot and scenes , story of any play , but how will that do any good to him ?
Only when he is able to understand the messages and implications , like what is the emotional aspect of the play , why is a particular character behaving in a particular manner , what were the circumstances in writer 's life under which he wrote the play , that his learning can be said to be complete .

So we can safely conclude that understanding ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts .
As the technology advances , many young people enjoy the benefits like computer game , TV and so on .
However , there has been negative factors such as broken unity between people , weapon using in young people such as killing person without thinking .
And also there has been negative factor by technology .
In my opinion , I can not agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

First , technology advances cut the unity between people .
For example , the past generation does not have the machines such as TV or computers .
So , people must rely on each other and must be active .
According to scientific experiments , the active person are happier than the inactive person as young people .
However , nowaday , people do not rely on each other and do not move actively because they are always in the world of convenience , entertation with machines .
But , young people get stressed out because they find no purpose in life or get bored in life because they are just doing same things everyday !
Also nowaday , in many cases , technology is used in bad way which would harm people in nowaday generation .

Second , as mentioned in second paragraph , people need each other anyway in order to live .
But when society loses the unity of people , people would fight each other because they only think of their convenience .
As a consequence , the society and even individual would lose many things and could not be happy .

Third , from my neighbors , there are many old people .
I sometimes ask that past is happy .
And they said to me , `` Well , we do n't know how you will feel you life , but we are happy although we had to work hard at past compared to nowaday .
We all had hopes . ''
In addition , there are many news that young people kill themselves or kill other people .
It is because as mentioned in second paragraph , people trys not to adapt with society because in the home , there is everything you can entertain .
But because you have to live with society , people must corperate with society .
These could cause young people who are so deep in the technological machines to be stressed out .

I think that young people enjoy their life less than the older people because of following reasons : first , unity is broken in many ways and cause troubles and many consequences to young people to live on .
Second , because many of young people are deep in games or TV , they find their life boring and think life as without hope .
Third , technology that past generation never has sometimes is used in bad way and decreases happiness in life .
Because of three important reasons , I can not agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do even though life becomes convenient and advanced because of technologies .
First of all I would like to define what a car might be in 20 years .
For me it is possible that cars can fly in twenty years .
Thus , the traffic will extend from the ground into the air .

The world 's population is increasing every year , which means that there will be more customers , who will need a car .
China , for example , is becoming economicly more and more successfull .
There will be an increase in the employment rate , which leads to a higher qualified personal and an increase in the individuals income .

Basicly , people can afford more , and one of the first thing someone buys when he can afford it , is a car .
At hte same time more poeple means more logistics to sustain the basic necissities of life .
There will be an increse in public transportation as well .
If there will be rescrictions on the total number of vehicles on the planet because of pollution , I simply say that fossil resources will be exhausted in twenty years , anyway , and that engines will run on electricity from sunlight or other clean energy sources .

Cars are the cheapest choice for transporting , next to trains of course , but they are much more mobile than trains and therefore more frequently used to transport goods .
I guess that the car producing industry will although have a word in that matter , because it is an ever newe inventative section of industry , which provides may working places all over the planet .
The car industry can count on governmental aid should it ever come to a point when no more cars are neede , which will never .
Ever !

Therefore I totally diagree with the statement , that there will be less cars on the road than there are today .
Human society and the world wide trade would crush down without a agil and cheap transportation systam as cars .
The young people of today are very commonly reffered to as the leaders and the great minds of tomorrow , yet we find ourselves asking wether the youth helps its community .
My responce to this would be that the young people are just as concious as the elders and they fell just as responsible for the welfare of the community .

To ensure that the young adults feel responsible towards their communities , they are inculcated with these values as children by making the children feel more responsible towards their srounding world .
This is done by incorporating a community service section into their school curriculims and allowing the children to discover the satisfaction of sharing .
These young influences are carried along with the youth and as they grow , so does their sense of responsibility to society .
Then these young people do infact spend time from their busy schedules to serve the community .

Nowadays we continually see student-run organizations and events that are held for the benifit of the community and also function as awareness programs to show the adults of the community what the problems within their own sorroundings are .
The profits from these types of funds are then put into good use to benifit society .

One such example in my life that we , as the students of my school achieved for the international organization , The Red Cross was that we had a fund raising event that was in the form of a party to the young childre .
We had ortganzed games and other such events that fascinated the kids and earned us enough money to make a considerable donation to the foundation for earthquake relief in Gujrat , India .

I would like to draw attention to the fact that the Young people of today are just as concerned for the preccious comunity that we live in as are the adults .
After all , what is the point of being a leader tommorrow if we can not preserve our community and hertage today ?
We often hear complaints from the older generations that the younger generation is spoiled and selfish , lacking the altruistic nature to helping the society around them .
Although it is indeed true for some young people , I believe that it is a little far-fetched to presume that all young people do not spend enough time for helping out with community works in general .

To begin with , many schools have actively adopted various programs to encourage , or even require students to join in volunteer works .
For example in Korea , it is mandatory for junior high students to do certain hours of community work , and submit documentary evidence in order to graduate .
I had to help out in a local nursing home for 30 hours to meet the requirement .
Even in colleges , your voluntary work can be acknowleged as credit .
Some may argue that such participation is not genuine and self-motivated , nontheless , it is true that adoption of such policy indeed has increased participation of young people in community works .

Moreover , it is not just the changes in school policy that made young people participate in helping their communities .
The growing awareness of social responsibility among business corporations is what also drives social participation of the young people .
More and more companies are actively organizing public campaigns and voluntary camps to help the communities , calling many young people to participate in such programs .
Many companies , such the well-known Samsung , organize community volunteer work programs for their newly recruited employees to participate .
Other companies run volunteer programs that their teenage customers can participate in , such as in the successful case of ` Rainbow Club ' run by SK Telecom .

To summarize , people , as well as companies , are not solely judged by financial or academic sucess they are making as in the past , but also by the amount of social contribution .
Such changing notion has motivated the young people 's more active participation .
I personally believe that young people nowadays are actively involved more than ever , and will continue to do so as long as this trend continues .
I disagree with the statement .
If anything , there will be a lot more cars in twenty years .
First of all , according to what i have learned in school , oil is not a renewable energy source , but there is definately enough of it to meet global demands for at least the next fourty years , if not more .
Second of all , the number of cars has been increasing since they were first invented around the early twentieth century .
So according to this trend , I do n't see how the number of cars will suddenly drop within two decades .

The reason this statement is even debatable is probably because of the fact that oil is a non-renewable energy source so some people may think that it will eventually run out ( which it will , but not within twenty years as the statement says ) and we will have to find or invent different means of transportation that do n't require oil .
But as long as oil is around and accessable , the number of cars will continue to increase .

Car companies - like BMW and Land Rover for example - are doing everything in their power to increase sales .
They 're giving better offers , their increasing the quality of manufacturing and they 're meeting public demands .
As long as they can keep their customers content with their products , which they have been doing since their companies are flourishing , the number of customers will only increase .
I honestly do n't see how the public will just stop buying cars for the sake of it .
They have n't stopped for the past ten decades , why will they stop in the next two ?

I have absolutely every reason to believe that the number of cars will continue to increase as they have always increased , for the next thirty or fourty years , till oil eventually runs out .
A car is probably the most important mean of transportation today .
If oil runs out , another energy source will just have to replace it .
If it does n't , then yes , perhaps the number of cars will decrease .
But i disagree with the statement because i believe that the number of cars will continue to increase for well more than twenty years therefore the number of cars will not be fewer , they will be greater in twenty years time .
In the last hundred years the world communities are changing a lot .
The behavior of the younger people is caused by these changings and I think there are helping much more than the most elder people belief .

First of all we think about the values the younger people are judged with beeing less usefull than other generations .
The most importent argument for a wide range of people is the behavior in face of the families .
Families changed a lot , especialy in the western part of the world .
In past times every generation of the family was living at one place , for poorer people could be not even a place maybe it was a room .
There were not any social system to help them .
There for the family members cared for each other much more than the state could do .
Nowertimes the question of caring for each other is conected with the society as stongly as it is conected to family .
The number of the family members dimishes strongly .
There are today less young people and more old people than in earlier times , because of medical inventions .
In Germany for example the pension system is working between generation .
The working people are paying the pension for the older people .
The problem of pension in future is based on the demogafic relation of young and old parts of the society .

The younger people mabe do not care for there parents themselfs , mayne they pay other people , who care for them .
But acctually they pay a lot for the pensions of people they not even know .
Additionally young people in Germany are helping their communities much more than another generation ha ever done , becaus they are paying a system that will not benefit themself , so they have to care for their own future as well .
Finally youngre people are less secure in the development of the society as the older generations are and that for there have to care for themself and other people too .
Maybe that is the reason , why some people think nowerdays young people are not helping their communities , but they do it as much as they can .
Community is where the people thrive and learn the lessons of social life .
Serving the community is one of the ways you can pay back .
We live in a global village which has no boundaries and it would be short sighted of us to just consider our own community .
To start with I would like to disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

There are quite a number of reasons for the same .
When a community faces a problem then all people associated come forward to solve the problem .
Young people are as much a part of the community as anyone else .
And if they do n't help their community then its them who will have to suffer along .
For an instance the Students at IIT Powai , Mumbai cleaned the Powai Lake which is a fresh water body and one of the major source of drinking water in Mumbai .
No one forced them to do this but they made waves when they undertook this task and many organizations came forward to help with equipment and funding .

Then again there are other ways in which one can help .
Like for an instance blood donation campaign and donation of clothes and necessary items for the needy .
We at our company have regular blood donation campaigns and help age group activities .
Donations are never monitory but still they help .
Sometimes we just give our time , time for the people who crave attention like the generation of grandparents .
And this also gives a sort of self satisfaction and self revelation as well .

There are also people who are joining red-cross and other organizations to help the needy .
The doctors in these missions are also young .
I know a family personally who renounced everything for the good of the down-trodden , and they are not just any graduates but engineers working for MNCs .

In the end i would like to say that help can be of different kinds , if we are helping the world as a whole then we should not be self centered to just consider our own place only .
So it is not correct to say that young are not helping the community when they are helping the world as a whole .
As unfortunate as it may sound , there is no doubt that it is true .
`` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , '' but why is that ?
What has changed in the principles and morals being preached to adolescents over the last decade or more ?
In reality nothing has changed , except for today 's previously unseen rapid adancement and development in the technology sector of society creating a world of technocratic countries .

Young people are really the victims of this technology-centered lifestyle , because they are the primary consumers of video games , computers , and listening devices .
Engulfed in their own world of entertainment , teenagers do n't care anymore about the slums and the sub-standard education that many of their country 's citizens are experiencing .
Today , what 's constantly on a teenager 's mind is whether or not his parents are going to buy him a Playstation for his or her birthday and not what he or she can do to help society .
Therefore , high-tech advertisement has created a highly capitalist consumer culture , which does not allow for adolescents time to think about their surroundings or world issues .

In regard to advertisement , television is its best and most common means of transfer .
Television as Neil Postman has said , is gradually corroding our once highly regarded societal values .
The discourse of television is quick and entertaining , introducing you to the world 's problems in an entertained manner and thereby rendering them as far away dilemmas with no conern what so ever to the person watching .
For example , a person might watch a news reel describing the high amount of toxic fumes in his or her area , but they would'nt do anything about it , because the advertisement following the alleged seriousness of the news cast puts infront of its audience a brand new Xbox .
Now the concern of the teenager is to find ways that could get him or her that Xbox .
What happened to the toxic fumes story ; it just becomes something he or she heard .

Technoloogy is quickly eliminating the importance of family and societal values .
As a result of globalization it is practically impossible now to hault the growing self-centerdness that is characterizing more children .
Children are growing up and all they see around them is fun and entertainment , even when one has the urge to turn serious and turn on the news cast all he or she encounters is another form of entertainment .
Therefore , with entertainment so easily accessable , then it would make sense that teenagers or `` young people '' would become engulfed in a bubble world of their own , where the problems of society are nonexistant to them .
Think of it if we would have had no internet facility and we would have send this response through a letter .
What would have been the turn around time ?
Its even hard to think of it .
Its because of few successful people that we are savoring all these facilities .
Human being is blessed with a mind power not to use it for things he is already aware of , but to try out different things so that he can help others with it .
People who try out new and different things are better known in this world compare to the ones who have been amongst the common ones .
Successful people differ from others in different perspectives like courage , approach and many more .

First lets take an example of Sachin Tendulkar , the youngest player in the history of international cricket .
If he would have assumed that a person can only be a part of country team only at adult age .
Then his name would not have been written in history .
With his courage and strength he gained the major place in world .
Its his different styles of batting that make him stand different from others .
Otherwise he would have been like other common players .
There are many others and few of them are Abraham Lincoln , Mahatma Gandhi who were known for their courage and stood against the governing bodies to bring in the change for all .

Second , think if Einstein would not have come up with those innovations .
Had it been easy for men now to relate different things which are made easy now , with those laws .
If he would have stopped because of his continuous failures and would not have taken another risk then people would have been deprived of another innovation .
Its the approach and abilty to take risks that counts the most in this world and makes one successful and distinguish person .

How many know us ?
Well very few untill and unless we come up with few distinguish ideas or achievements that make us stand different from others .
This is the reason why the Researchers or Specialists are given high positions in the society .
Its not becuase they have different degrees attached to their names , its because of the innovations and their capability to try out new and different things .
In my personal opinion , it is true that most of the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are mainly two reasons that accounts for this phenomena .
One is that young people today concern more about their self-interests than the interests of the community .
The onther reason is that yongsters today are more aloof with people around them .

Some adults blame the education , and some blame the society for the characteristics that young people bear nowadays .
Adults believe these adolescents to be selfish and care only what they are interested in , and what will beneifit them most because our education do not emphasis on caring people and communities .
Youngsters never show interest in helping their communities because they do n't think they have anything to do with their communites .
They do n't believe that the community will do them any good or will benefit on them .
Many have strong concept that if they spend time and get involve in helping the communities , troubles will come .
The more one involves , the more things waits you to help .
And finally , your time is deprived and that your own work wo n't get done .

On the other hand , there 's a weird notion which sometimes spread through television programs that makes young people feel more aloof with people around them .
The reason is that by showing much compassion and enthusiasm in helping the commuty may sometimes result in an unecessary troubles .
There are many news broadcasts reporting that people get kidnapped or robbed when they are helping others to find way home , or helping those who pretend to be injured .
These things happens so often that people are scared and unwilling to help others .
Thus finally , people become more aloof with each other inorder to protect oneself from being harmed .

All in all , selfishness and coldness of the young people taday make them unwilling to devote themselves to public interests , like helping their communities .
The fact is that community interests does not concern them , and they are afraid of being hurt .
They do n't want to devote on things that wo n't pay them back .
Therefore , I agree that young people are not spending time to helping their communities due to above reasons .
I think it is both important , to learn ideas and concepts as well as facts .
But as more valuable I would consider the learning of ideas and concepts .
Learning facts is very usefull if you want to attend a quiz show or if you take a test to be admittet at a college or university .
These test often just ask questions on facts , but people like me are not able to keep these facts .
If I just learned facts in school , I would be pretty stupid , because I am not able to keep it , I just forget it again .
I do not mean to it but I just can not help it .
Wheread if I leraned concepts and ideas I would know much more .
Facts are less important .
If you remember facts you do not have a conection to other topics , for example if you learn that the world war ended in 1945 what does it tell you ?
Not much , only that it enden in 1945 , but if you learn what causes the war to end and what happend after the war you learn much more .
You can make connections to other countries , for example what happend there after the end of the war .
You would be able to relate these effects of the war to other wars and draw conclusions from it .
If a new war starts you may be able to tell what happends when it ends again , just because you learned these concepts in school .
But like I said above it is also important to know some facts .
Everybody should know when the world war begann and ended , but it just should not be paid so much attention to it .
Especially these admiting test should give more importance to the ability of drawing conclusions from an event than recalling the fact of it .

To come to a conclusion I would say it is more important to learn ideas and concepts rather than facts , they should just be supportive .
`` Successful people are people who try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' is a saying that I agree with for many reasons .
In this essay I will name the three main reasons why I argue in favor of that statement .

Truthfully , I want to put forward the opinion that people can only develop themselves and be happy in their lives if they have to take some risks .
One example comes to my mind : after my college , I could have decided to study at a general university because it was easy for me to pass the entrance exam .
Rather than doing this , I decided to sit for the business schools entrance exams , which were really more difficult .
It was risky because it assumed that I would have to bear two years of hard-working , to bear a strong pressure ans also to bear the risk of failing the exams .
FInally , I worked hard and today I 'm still proud of me because I have succeed the business schools exams : I have learn from my failures andI have get over the difficulties .

I mean , it is too boring not to try new things and not to go through some crisis !

Moreover , in a more general point of view , I think it is worthwhile to stay current and open-minded .
I would argue that point by telling that always doing what you already now could be risky and have some negative effects not only in your professional but also in your social life .
If you are too wise , that means that you have not the desire to stay current and modern .
In my opinion , it is very important to be interested in other and new ways of thinking and living .
For instance , I would love to live and work in China for a while : it would be `` risky ' because I would notice that there are different ways to work in a firm as in France , I will have to learn new ways of collaborating and negociating .
It could be difficult at the beginning but I will learn so much from this experience !!

The third point is a financial point !
I was educated in a close-knit family were my parents always push us to climb the social ladder .
The more you climb , the more you earn money .
The more more you climb , the more exciting you are !

As a conclusion , I would tell that trying new things and taking risks is the best way of approaching the life for personal , social and financial reasons .
Personally , i preffer to travel without a tour guide , tour travels are regularly done by a schedule , it has its own agenda and i preffer to take my time in things that in things that interest me the most .

The best way for me is use a map , which i found very easy to use , and before going out on the first day do an itinerary of things you are more interesting in seeing or doing .
for example i was in paris last summer with my girlfriend , we bought a map of the city and we researched on the internet the most interesting places in paris , we searched each site on the map and did a 3 day route of what we wanted to do , all the places of those areas we wanted to visit and in the end we still had a lot of time to enjoy more places than we tought .
this way you dont have to be stuck in places you might get boring .
When i got home i showed all the pictures to my father of all the places we went , because he went to the same city 2 years ago , with a tour guide and he said they didnt even visited 50 % of the places we visited without the tourist guide .

I recommend tourist guide trips for older people who have never visited a city or for teenagers who wants to know more about the culture of the places .
Traveling on your own helps you grow as a person , helps you not to depend on others , helps you to be more independent and also to discover things for yourself .

Tourist guides may think what places are better for your learning and what are the most important places of each city , but in the end i preffer to travel alone .
The question if it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts has been discussed already quite often .
In my opinion it is of greater importance for students to understand ideas and concepts .
The main reason for studying , espacially if seen from a humanistic perspective , is to learn how to think freely , put questions and understand the concept of a subject .
Although facts might be crucial in professional life , every single job will probably require the knowledge of special different facts .
For example a businesswoman will work in a consulting company while the her former study collegue will work in a bank .
It is just impossible to include all facts which are needed in a curriculum of a career .
Therefore it is unavoidable that every newcomer has to get into the demands of a job individually and often start learning from scratch .

As I have seen e.g. in my history classes you will very likely forget some facts but you will never forget the broad idea , for example the reasons for a war or for the rise of the Nazis .
This is much more important to know than to remember every date or the exact sequence of some Engish kings .

This leads me to my next point .
When you study the idea of a subject you also learn the ability of how to do research and where to find facts .
Therefore I think it is not fundamental to know every fact but rather to know where you can find the fact .
Several people go as far as stating that it is actually not important at all what kind of content you learn at university , but that you learn how to do research , how to write papers , how to solve academic problems and how to work without being told every single step like in school .
But this is definitly only true for the humanities and not for professions like doctors or physicians .

To summarize , I prefer studying concepts and ideas because I think it will help me to develop more important and sustainable skills than just facts .
I do agree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Todays generation is caught up with a lot of other issues which they feel are important and necessary for them to survive in this world and also to be happy in the future .
These things include getting good education which takes up a lot of their time and energy , then they feel the need to earn a lot of money so that they can afford whatever they want in the future and last but not the least to spend the extra or free time enjoying life by attending parties and watching movies .

Present generation has the urge to study more and more so that they can match up to the expectation of the chaging world .
Frankly speaking it is not their fault either .
Every one requires a certain degree of education to support themselves and to be able to interact and communicate with the people of other countries .
This is so because most of the word carried out by our country is in collaboration with the developed countries like the U.S.A. and therefore to match up to their educational requirements it is important to be well educated .
To gain such quality of education one needs to devote full time and energy and so does not get the oppurtuinty to help their communities .

Additional to the educational qualifications a person needs to have a good job in order to support his family .
In the era of increasing prices and low pay structure an individual needs to work like a Pig , as most of them put it , and then alone be able to match to his living standards .
If someone does not do the required amount of work expected from him then he is not given a chance of promotion which inturn decreases the availability of resources with him to live peacefully and happily .
This is another reason why todays generation is not able to give enough time to their communities .

Finally , I think that as the world changes , the priorities of the people living in that generation changes .
Earlier people used to utilize their free and extra time in helping old people or doing some amount of social severvice .
Every one had a feeling of responsibility towatrds the nation and its citizens .
But today if someone has free time they would want to rather go for a movie or party and enjoy themselves , instead of even thinking of the weaker and underpriviledged section of the socity .

In conclusion , I would like to say that everyone in today 's world has become selfish and therefoe wants to think of themselves before others .
Today 's generation has forgot what is `` Service before Self '' .
I strongly believe that for students understanding ideas and concepts is much more important than it is for them to learn facts .
Unfortunately , students are often forced to study many facts and events that they will forget in a short time and wo n't be useful for their future careers .
On the other side , when they understand the main concepts and the basis of a phenomenom they 'll likely remember it for a long time .

In my opinion the goal of an effective school system is not not fill in the minds of students with many insignificant tiny details , but to teach them how to develop their own thinking and how to deal with difficult situations .

This is what I 've learned from my personal experience : when I went to secondary school , I had two different art professors ; the first one wanted us to know when and where a paint was made and the tecniques used by the painter .
I was n't interested at all in this kind of information and as a result I didn ' put a lot of effort in studying that subject and now , after a few years I do n't remember any of the painters that I studied with that teacher .

The second teacher was completely different ; she used to put a lot of emphasis not only on the single paint ; but especially on the ideas and the feelings of the author ; she wanted us to learn not the details but the most importantn characteristic of each artistical movement .

I was really fascinated by the method of teaching of the new professor and I think it was also effective because now I can still remember what I studied with her .

Therfore , from both my believes and my personal experience , I can say that it is more important for students to untderstand ideas rather than learn facts .
Many people think that in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today .
However , I have a different opinion on this statement .
Indeed , I believe that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

Nowadays , cars are one of the greatest inventions in the 20 century .
It makes us east to get anywhere .
Also , it improves our country development .
However , there are many advantages about using the cars , I do agree this statement for the follwing reasons .

First of all , with the development of technology , we have many advanced and new transportations to assist us to get any places .
Such as trains , airplanes , even many mass transportations are faster and even more convenient than cars .
And for people , advanced transportation can save much time to do other things .
Therefore , I think that they can replcae cars in the future .

In addition , there are few resources such as oil and gas in the earth .
In the past , humans used the said resources without futher consideration .
They even believed that not only the earth would provide more and more oil and gas and but also they can utlize what they needed .
So , if we can not find the alternatives to solve this problem , there will be fewer cars in use in decades undoubtedly .

The most important reason is that car using leads to many pollrtions .
Air pollution is the most serious one and we need to control promptly .
Car using cause some harazed component and even endanger our life .
Therefore , many peopl
There are many benefits related with travelling in a group led by a tour guide , such as opportunities to make friends among the group members , and a fixed itinerary which reduces the risks of getting lost .
However , I believe that the benefits of travelling alone outweigh the benefits of travelling in a group in many ways : personal time management , tailored travel routes , and budgeting .

Firstly , it is important to have a detailed plan with specific tour locations and times in order to effeciently organize and run a tour where many people are involved .
This means that certain locations of interest may not be visited or may not receive as much tour time as one may desire .
Locations and time allocations would be based more on the overall benefit of the group , rather than the specific interests of the individual .
Therefore , by travelling alone , one could exclusively tour the locations one is interested in and allocate as much time as one wants in viewing the location .
The organization of the itinerary would be up to the individual traveller , allowing him to map out his own travel routes and `` design '' his own trip .

Also , travelling alone would allow the traveller to budget the spendings specifically to his needs .
The traveller could significantly reduce costs in unnecessary spendings related to visiting areas of little interest , and increase spendings in local food culture or buying souvenirs .
The areas of spending could be adapted to what each individual traveller desires , depending on what part of the tour they want to concentrate their tour spenditures .
Moreover , cheaper transportation and accomodations can be adapted into the plan of an individual traveller .
However , in a group setting , travellers are charged with a lump-sum amount where little room for personal interests and budgeting decisions is allowed .

In conclusion , I disagree with the statement `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ''
I believe this may be true in the case of people of old age , who are more comfortable with a mapped-out plan and a tour guide leading the way .
However , I believe travelling should involve adventure and discovering places which genuinely interest me .
Therefore , in my opinion , travelling alone gives me the freedom to live the trip the way I want to and to discover the places I desire , creating a much better tour experience overall .
The question which is discussed in the following passage is wheter a broad knowledge of many acadmic subjects is superior to knowledge specialiesed in on specific subject .

The idea to specialize in one activity is supported by the economic theory .
The idea behind this theory is that the efficiency increases as we specialize in doing something .
For example if we start playing an instrument we are getting better and beter the more we practice .
The more we do something the better we can do it and the better we know which way it is done best .
This theory can also be applied to education .
A student who studied a subject longer and more intense than another is likely to know more about it .

On the other hands side , there are also many advantages in having a broad knowledge .
Everything that happens , no matter if it is a ecological , sociological or another issue is somehow linked to other academic field .
A broad knowledge helps to see an issue in the whole context which is in my opinon very important .
If you are running a business for example , it is important to be aware of the ecological effects you cause .
If you would just concentrate on the economic side of this business and neglect other factors this could drawback on you in the future .
For example think of fishermen who want to increase their profit by fishing more in one year .
This behaviour could cause that in the following years there are to few fishes .

Another advantage i see , is that it is easier to communicate with other people if you have some idea of his main interest .
A broad knowledge can also be an inspiration .
You can adapt ideas from other subjects .

I personally prefer a broad knowledge because I like to undestand many aspects of one problem .
I see a lot of chances in it because of the interaction between the different subject .
But I also undestand if someone prefers to focus on on subject .
I feel that in twenty yeras number of cars used will be much more than the ones that are being used today .
There are several reasons that i can think of to support this view such as : increase in population , more dependence on alternate fuels , competitve pricing by the car manufactures .
The populatin of the world has been increasing in exponential proportions over the past few decades and i do not think this trend would change much in the next two decades .
With the increase in population the number of people using personal vehichels would also increase and thus this would increase the number of cars purchsed and used .

Even though the increase in the comertial fuel prices might deter the people from using cars , of late we have seen a concious effort made by the govetnments in varios countries to use natural fuels like bio-diesel which would mean that thefuprice will be taken care of .
Even the electric vechicles woul serve this purpose .

With the increasing globalisation the car manufactures would be competing with each others to sell their cars and this might result in competitive pricing .
Competive pricing will lower the car sales and thus encourage the people to buy the cars .
The increasing number of car fianancer woul enhance the sales .

With most of the govrnments laying emphasis on infrastructue development , the new roads and flyovers would help reduce the traffic congestion to a large extent .
Moreover this world is becoming so materialistic that i guess we would have to see a major calamity resulting due to the damages caused by the pollution berfore the governments would place mre stringent laws in order to retrict the number of car sales .

Even if laws are passed to limit the sales of cars it would take a long time before the state could provide adequate public transport serve the entire population .
Hence because of the above reasons i feel the number of cars would only increase over coming few decades .
In this article I will discuss the advantages and the drawbacks of having broad knowledge of many academic subjects with respect to specializing in one specific subject .
I think that both of them are required today for a successeful career .
The rest of this work is organized as follows .
Firstly , I will analyse the main issues about studying many subjects .
Then I will focus on the problems related to specialization .

If you decide to study many subjects , you will be prepared for a wide range of jobs .
However there are also some drawbacks .
First of all it is hard to follow too many academic courses on completely different topics .
Moreover some jobs required an high level of specialization and in this case it is better to have little and good knowledge that many and poor skills .

Instead if you are specialized in one specific subject , you could find a well paid job because few people have a background focused on one particular field .
On the other hand , if your highly specialized skills are not needed by the market , it will be very challenging to find a new job and you will have to start studying again .
This time , however , you will probably choose something more general .
This prospective could be awful if it happens when you are too old and have a family .

In conclusion I think the best solution is something between the two choices .
One should have broad knowledge of a general field but also should be specialized in a particular subject of this field .
I think an old saying of `` Jack of all and master of none '' , in my opinion doesnot have much standing as times are changing fast and your considered fit in the circles you move when you can comprehend and also contribute .
Therefore , I agree with the concept of being aware of a lot of disciplines than mastering either a few or only one of them .

The requirements of this fast paced society , require you to be in touch with the latest developments in various fields .
The reasons that I would like to report relate to my field of work , communication of agricultural innovations to the peasant community .
Firstly , the situations under which the farmers till their lands in the developing countries are full of challenges both natural and man-made .
A knowledge of the latest technologies in remote sensing is an essential pre-requisite if I have to give weather based advisory on the kinds of crops to grow and the appropriate sowing times .
This expertise could also be used in mapping those areas for the farmers which have great potential for growth .

Another of an important learning area could be the crop survelliance techniques which could be utilised to fore-warn the farmers about the outbreak of crop epidemics so that preventive measures are taken and farmers donot lose their hard raised crops and avoid huge annual losses to pest attack .

Marketing intelligence , is one such field which has a direct relevence to what every one of us desire for , higher profits .
If Iam aware of the national and international market trends , the same kinds of commodities may be recommended to the farmers to make avail of the growing markets .
Consumer preferences and standards for organic foods are to be one of the knowledge areas .

To summarise and conclude a varied knowledge is always better than a limited or restricred one .
Therefore , keeping abreast of many fields is highly benificial in my opinion .
I disargee with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people .
Firstly , I do n't think enjoying life depends on the age of a person .
In my opinion things like getting along with one 's life and the ability to stand bad and hard situation are more important in this context than the age of a person .
And , for example , the ability to bear grave moments and siuations normally raises when people mature .
According to this , older people have even an advantage : They can stand bad situations better and so they are more able to enjoy their life again , when the things got better again .

Secondly , I know many old people who really enjoy their life .
For instance , my grandparents travelled a lot in the recent years and they really enjoyed it .
Another example is a old , retired man I met in my university : After his retirement he decided to attend several philosophy courses about topics he had been interested in since many years .
And watching him participating very engaged in those courses , I really thought : This man enjoys his life !

All in all , I 'm convinced that this statement isn ' true .
And I hope I also will enjoy my life when I will have matured .
I think one reason to provide such a statement may be to be to much focused on leisure time : If one equates enjoying life with enjoying life , than young people surely have an advantage : Simply because they have more leisure time since they do n't have to work .
But having no obligations , like to work , does not mean that a person is happy .
Another fact that the person who made the statement probaly had ignored is the following : Young people may seem more happy if you see them in the streets , but you do n't know how they feel at home .
I remember the grave
The pace of the development in science and technology is hard to compare with any of the previous periods .
We witness a post-industrial revolution , or in other words we are transforming into a knowledge-society .
With this great transformation , academic world is also reshaping its way of doing research .
The number of the research areas are increasing and interactions among disciplines become more frequent .
In this context , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects will contribute much more to our scientific knowledge than to specialize in one specific subject .

Specialization in one specific area is sometimes good for instance , in discovering a new medicine .
But , there may be waiting a number of opportunities with a broad knowledge of academic subject .
Therefore , in scientific research there is an incresing tendency to make inter-disciplinery studies .
For example , economics and physics are rather different two subjects .
But , scientists from these fields are arranging joint-congresses in order to find solutions to the problems of theis fields .
Biologist and sociologists are collaborating to understand the nature of the behaviors of animals living together like ants .

This kind of inter-disciplinery approach can open new doors for some critical inventions .
Using nano-technology for some vital heart problems saves a lot of peoples life or at least increase the quality of their life .

Finally , in a very rapidly developing enviroment of sciences , inter-disciplinery studuies will bring a lot of suprises to our lives .
So , it is better to have a broad knowledge of academic subjects and education systems much revised with this approach .
I dis-agree to the statement `` The Best way to travel is in a group led by a Tour Guide ''

I believe that when one travels , one needs to explore the place to the fullest .
Travelling is a passion which teaches you to explore , learn and experience .
Although i agree to the fact that Tour Guide have a first hand experience about the places and they have been time and again experiencing the place , i believe they are doing their Job .

But the actual thrill which i believe about travelling is the experience of finding it urself .
When with a tour guide , one does not necessarly make an effort to find about the details of a place or the zest of it .
One just goes by the tour guide and assumes that he has covered everything .
Tour guide is like a book , i agree , who opens out the entire picture to the travellers whom he is guiding , but the benifits of a research which one gets by meeting the local people , their food , culture and place and the rest through books or guides is phenominal .

The tours led by guides ristricts the intensities of exploring a place .
One has to go with the pace of the rest of the group led by the guide .
This prohibits not only the learning or exploring pace but also the freedom of other decisions you want to take during the travelling experience .

I as a person love to meet people , learn culture and customs of others by being around them and by interacting with them .
For that reason , i totally would like to be on my own or in a comfortable group who has similar thinking and love travelling .

I believe that when one is spoon fed , one does not make an effort to learn beyond the paradigm .
Similarly when one intends to explore a place and its people , a group led by a tour guide does not do justice to the place .
The hidden facts that the tour guide conveys can also be inferred from a book or a tour guide .

Travelling is a form of freedom in my eyes , and i believe the best result and the knowlege of a place is when one makes an adventourous effort to explore it .
The world has witnessed a dramatic increase in population and also the amount of abuse that humanity has done to environment .
I feel that there would be a considerable amount of increase in the use of cars in the future .

The world undergoes a goelogical cycle inorder to maintain the balance of nature .
Man has been very instumental in creating an imbalance in nature .
In order to create a balance , the world has witnessed unforseen natural calamities which have killed millions of people .
The movie , `` The Day after Tomorrow '' has made real sense in showing what would be the state of the world in sometime from now .
Our natural reserves are being exploited to their limit .
Soon we would have none of our natural reserves left .

But , technology has made giant leaps in exploring the unknown .
We will have to depend on alternate methods of energy to run our automobiles and other equipments .
Solar power is the best possible example of an alrternate source of energy .
Battery powered cars have been manufactured which are eco friendly .
Although fossil fuel consumption would become low , the number of cars would see a dramatic increase .
As more number of eco friendly cars are produced , the more affordable would they become .

Population would as usual continue to rise unless a major catastrophe occurs .
Cities would grow bigger witnessing a major problem of faster transport due to conjusted roads .
Industries would have to service more number of people .
Thereby to increase efficiency , they would have to have a better transport facility .
This is to ensure faster delivery of goods .
Residential colonies would be located in satellite towns far away from the city to ensure better facilities .
Therefore , cars would be of a major concern .

For time to come , I feel that with the current demands of industry and population , cars would be used more than they are being used currently .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ?
I am not able to support this point of view , ` though I wish I were ( for I do not only have no use for a car myself , but I also cars as being one of the major factors that cause the greenhouse effect and global warming ) .

I will ( try to ) mention several possible arguments supporting the assumption that the number of cars will decrease , opposing each and evry one of them right away .
After that , I will try to establish further arguments emphasizing my point of view .

A traditional argument for the vanishing of cars has always been the worry about sufficient fuel supply .
Considering the need for oil on the planet and the fact this natural resource is a limited one , either the number of cars will have to decrease ( for there will soon be no more fuel to run them ) or there will be new inventions in the field of motor vehicles ( such as hybrid or solar cars ) .
The latter has been a great wish of ecologically-conscious people .
Nevertheless , car lobbies ( trying to maintain their traditional market ) as well as oil lobbies ( trying to sell their last barrels of oil before they have to look for other occupations ) counteract such developments - with great success .
There has not been a considerable evolution regarding motor vehicles which could end the dependency on oil : hybrid cars , for example , still use fossil fuel ( for otherewise they were ` pure ' ) ; solar cars on the contrary do n't have the ` performance ' which is demanded an wanted from a car .
Still , the former alternative may be relevant : The end of oil .
Opposing this argument , one has to mention that oil companies ( as stated above ) will attempt to sell all the oil available on the planet , which will take another 50 years approximately .
Therefore , until oil 's gone , the cars remain and they 'll remain at least another 50 years .

Another argument is that of the development of public transport , which is very easy to answer by referring to the countless remote places and regions on the planet , which will hardly ever be supplied with public transportation vehicles such as trains or busses .

One rather sophisticated argument , the one I consider the most rational one , is the reference to the social ( infra ) structure of large cities , which makes cars often aviodable , e.g. by using subways or monorails .
Yet , there are more than 6 billion people on the planet .
Not all of them can inhabit such highly-developed cities and are therefor dependent on cars .

To my very own mind , a very decisive argument is that cars do not only fulfil a purpose of trnsportation , but tey are also considered as status symbols .
People want to ` show off ' with their cars .
This need hav made ecocologally-poor companies like GM so successful , and in my mind must be a major argument for cars maintaining a plague on our planet .
WILL IT BE EVER ENOUGH TO LEARN ?
Life is a long and rough journey .
Whatever we learn either good or bad throughout this journey will be a way of experience for us .
I have always been sort of a greedy person .
For me it is never enough for anything in life .
I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because most important of all it increases a person 's self esteem and confidence .

Actually , this question constitutes a major place in my life .
It was the time when I have graduated from high school and was trying to choose what to study in the university .
I am not the type who is obsessed with one issue and can spend his or her whole time with it .
That is why I have chosen to study Sociology in the university .
As a matter of fact , I did not know much about sociology at the time , but I knew that I wanted to study a course from which I could gain many things that I can fit into my real life .
Sociology happens to be a subject that analyses the society , such a broader term .
While analyzing the societies , of course we are concerned with many other types of information .

Since my freshmen year , I have always preferred to choose courses from different majors such as , history , international relations , psychology , literature , economy , statistics and many more .
The reason for this choice was because I have always believed that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
According to me , a person who is specialized in one specific topic is much more limited in life regarding his options .
What I meant is that , if a person has a knowledge of many different academic subjects than this person always has a say in any conversation he or she engages into .

Consequently , I believe that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject because it increases self esteem and confidence and this way the person can have a lot to say in any conversation she or he engages into .
Also , this person can easily understand the on going issues around the world and is capable of making clear on where he or she stands based on his thoughts and beliefs .
I would like to agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .

First of all , advertisements tend to provide a superficial facade to the actual product .
The experience of using a product is subjective in nature and varies from individual to individual .
It cannot be generalised .
The users themselves are the best judges about the quality of a product .
However , advertisements mislead people by generically classifying products as good or useful .

Advertisements rely on the brand value of superstars to convey the message that a particular product is worth buying .
In most cases , superstars themselves dont use products that they advertise .
Public sentiment is manipulated in an unethical manner .
Filmstars who advertise for a particular brand of bicycle would have never pedalled even a few metres .

The sparkling white colour that we see on our television screens after a single wash of a particular detergent is probably because the shirt is new .
Such kind of experiments are not conducted in full public view .
Instead they are carefully framed behind closed doors to convey a particular message .
The authenticity of the claims being made are inconsequential .

The increasing number of complaints being filed by consumers in various consumer forums across the world suggest that someone somewhere is being taken for a ride .
Mineral water is advertised as being pure , only to discover that the pesticide content in the water is beyond permissible levels .
Slimming pills will promise weight reduction in a few weeks time , the fact that the side effects of consuming the pill could also lead to hair loss and fatigue is a well concealed fact .

Advertisements never really tell the full story .
They talk about the brighter side of things but tend to run away from hard facts which go against them .

In conclusion I would like to state that advertisements have become an indispensable part of our lives in the modern world .
However as well informed citizens we should understand that the tall claims being made in those jazzy advertisements need to be substantiated by hard facts .
I do agree that most advertisements are some times misleading to the customers and the customers end up spending huge amount of money .

Although there are laws which will take in to consideration about the products which are misleading and in bad tastes , there are many products which are coming into the market .

for example in the E commerce , the customers rely on the perticular supplier and some times the customer recieve an inferior quality product and it is time consuming for the customer to return back the product as he has to follow the procedures .

advertisements should have a proper information about a product for the layman to understand .
the advertisers should act according to the law and the customers should have a easy accessiblity to return back the product if such product is not how it is described in the advertisement .

There should be customer line for every product for the customer to explain how he feels about the product and whether there any suggestions on the product .
In the third world countries customers endup in paying huge amount of money relying on the advertisement and they hardly have customer lines .

In my openion there should be proper information about the product and the product should give information in cases where the customer is not fully satisfied about the product and the consumer care line should be there wherein the customer can complains about the product to the specific authority .

Lack of customer care line and not having a check on the bad advertisers , the customer will be in loss .
the laws should be strict and customer should be informed where to complain and whom to approach to give a complaint .

there are so many products which are advertised but dosent give clear message , customer often get confused and mislead with the advertisements .
I think that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is necessary , it is the first step of a good education , a good foundation giving the best chances to adapt .
But then it is often required to get a specialization .

In our society being specialized in one specific subject is more and more a necessity , vital to get a job or to hold a position in a company .
Also it helps to have a better salary .

It will often depend on the type of work or position .
For example , lawyers should have broad knowledge of the legal system , the main legal principles and cases .
But during their training , they are required to choose a specialization .
Corporate lawyers should have a good practice and experience in Company Law .
They cannot practice in Public Law and be good at it at the same time .
These subjects are too different .
The more they can get an experience in a specific area of Law , the best they will be in their area , the more they will be competent , recognised and well-paid .

The issue is the same for people working in Research or in the medical sector .
After a certain number of years of study , a specialization is often mandatory for a certain number of jobs .

But the above mentioned statement can be exact for managers for example who should have a good knowledge of many areas of their companies in order to be able to take the right and appropriate decisions
The sentence `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , '' opens a wide field for discussion .
Asked whether I agree or disagree with it , I must say that I agree .

I want to explain this opinion in the following .
The first question ask is : What is the issue here ?
What does `` to understand ideas and concepts '' mean ?

Understanding ideas presupposes the capabilty for analytical thinking .
This is something students can acquire by discussing arguments , by asking questions and listening to other arguments .
In doing so , students prepare for their future professional life in training the necessariy abilities .

Understanding ideas also means to apply conceptional methods of working .
Here , arguments from different persepectives or disciplines are linked in order to achieve a more comprehensive picture of a matter .
This also enables and trains students to think beyond the boundaries of their own disciplines - a quality that is required in professional life .

To conceptualize ideas and hypotheses is important for a dialogue with others - students or colleagues .
Students are forced to think for themselves and strenghen this ability .
If the understanding of ideas and concepts is emphasized in the learning process , students will later be able to apply their knowledge with confidence .

This is of great importance within processes of competition .
Also , the delineation of arguments , describing facts and processes is better done if students have a comprehensive knowledge of their subjects rather than learned pure facts .
Understanding ideas and concepts is a necessary precondition for research , where abilities to remember facts and combine them in new & unusual manners are necessary .

This said , I , of course , think that the learning of facts is important , too .
But I regard it as a precondition for the process of understanding ideas .
Facts alone do not say much .
Also , facts alone can be much easier misused .

What is needed for understanding of facts is the context .
The meaning of a fact in most cases only becomes clear if the fact is contextualized .

Being critical of something also is a very important precondition for research activities .
Being critical is only possible if
The topic at hand states that successful people do not sit back doing the same thins they have achieved , but move ahead by doings newer things .
this topic is very important because it tells the what real successful man is .
I agree that sucessful people try new things .

The first reason is that a successful man knows the essence of success .
he knows how much hard work is required to be a fruitful person .
so this aspect of effort motivates him to steer ahead for reaching new heights .
for example if we consider the success achieved by a gold medalist in the olympics , he will not sit back , but he will always try to perform with much hardwork the year that follows .

Additionalll , the success that the person has ahcieved gives him immense amount of self confidence which is pretty essential for doing any sort of work .
the confidence so established will help him to experiment new things and help him to plunge ahead .
consider the same example as a gold medal winner in olympics .
the gold medal he achived would give him confidence to try for breaking a world record , one that is established by others or improving on the one that he himself eatablished .
so a successful man experiments and waits for the output .

Finally , a successful man will have enough amount of patience to take new risks .
an unsuccessful man may not have that same passion and patience as that of a successful man. now again consider the olympic gold medalist .
if he misses an opportunity of breaking a new world record , he will be surely waiting with ardor for another opportunity .
the moment he arrives on that he will try not to miss on that this time .
consequentially a successful man will always try newer things and dares to achieve a new success
It is difficult to open a newspaper without being faced with a new comment on what will happen in the future with cars .
Nowadays , everybody have their own car , and they use it to go anywhere .
No matter the distance , they need to go by car .
But they do not have a normal car , they have the best one .
Today lot of young people use their savings to buy a new car while they have not paid their house !

Is this issue really that important ?
It is as it has divided society into two different points of view .

On the one hand , a large part of society holds the opinion that cars are a positive thing as they reduce the time people spend at the bus stop .
They argue that they do not have to go to the bus stop , then wait there for , more or less , twenty minutes and finally get off the coach and walk during a long time until their destination .
Going by car let them go faster from their home till where they need .
Besides , having a car gives them more independence .
I mean , they do not have to depend on the schedule of the public transport when they make an appointment .

On the other hand , others feel that so many cars in the town has many drawbacks .
For instance , the number and duration of traffic jams is increasing .
Not only the big cities support this problem , but also the small cities that cannot afford with all those cars .
Moreover , the pollution is becoming a seriously problem .
The atmosphere is being damaged by the pollution .
So we have to be responsible with the environment in order to save our children 's life .

On balance , the number of cars is increasing each day .
That is why I do not agree the statement .
I think that in twenty years there will be more cars in use than today , in spite of the development of planes , trains , and so .
The automobile industry has had an enormous development during the past two decades , and the demand of not only simply cars but also luxury cars is increasing .
Although I can understand why some peolpe have the impression that young people today are not engaging themselves enough to helping their communities , I disagree with this statement .
I have three reasons for my opinion .

First , in my view , young people have to dedicate most of their time to their education and career .
As the unemployment rate in most countries increases year after year this is the only way for young people to asure themselves a job in the future .
For example , young people have to attend college or university , they have classes during the day and usually homework to do in the evening .
Some students also have to work part-time to be able to afford the university fees .

Second , a lot of young people are planing their own family when they are still young .
When you have children on your own you need time to raise them .
Children need a lot of attention as they always have so many questions about the world and a lot of reasearch papers state that the intellectual capabilities of children are influenced most at a very young age .
So parents should take all the time they need to raise their children and explain everything to them .

Finally , I am convinced that even though young people do not have a lot of free time , still many of them do engage themselves to helping their communities .
I would like to give two examples of the community I live in .
In our community especially young people are part of the First Aid Team of the local Red Cross .
They spend their time doing different volunteer services , like medical help or entertainement for older people .
Furthermore , the Fire Department of our town has a special youth organization for people aged below 17 years .
For the last five years the volunteer members of this youth organization have increased steadily .

Concluding , I think that young people today have a lot of important activities and obligations like their own education or the founding of their own family which prevent them from giving more time to helping their communities .
But I also have the impression that young people still engage in their free time as much as they can to improve their communities ' conditions .
Carnot , a very famous french physician wrote three laws , one of wich I could translate this way : `` with time you gain in organisation what you lost in energy '' .
He was speaking of fundamental physics , but I think that this could be applied to human beings .

When you are young , you are filled with energy and you intend to do or try everything , travelling around the world , practising extreme sports , as we say in french , burning the candle by both ends .
But do we enjoy life more than old people ?
Answering this question is quite difficult for me , as I still have n't tried being an old man - it will come soon enought .

But however , I think that you can enjoy your life , young or old , no matter your age .
Each age has its own pleasures : when you 're young they may be a bit more intense or demanding , but when you 're old , I suppose pleasures are more wise and simple .

Moreover , as time goes by , you can enjoy - maybe - your children , and grand children .
That 's a real advantage !
Joy comes from simple events : the visit of your family , a good meal all together , etc .

On the other hand , you may have hard time when aging : diseases , loosing memories , etc .
That 's the big advantage of being young : generally , you 're more fit , and moving around , doing sports is not a difficulty .
But being busy all the day is not allways enjoying life : you can have multiple activities and spend most of your time unhappy about everything .

To conclude , I would say that if enjoying life is having a full life , then young people enjoy life more than older do , but , if enjoying life is just being happy and taking care of yourself and other , then there 's no age for enjoying everyday 's life ...
Today we are living in a world full of competition where companies expect a person with varieties of skills and knowledges .
When you face a problem you need to judge and decide fast and correctly .
For this you need to qualities , one is a depth of knowledge of a specific information of the field you work in .
The other is the ability to think creatively in relation to other sources of information .

So I think it is important that you gain broad knowledge of many academic subjects and later on specialize in specific subject which you are especially interested in and good at .
It would be great that you spend first and second year of university taking variety of courses in order to gain a perspective view of how the world , the society you live in is consisted and working .
After this you will have a more open view of the world and gain the thought of what it really is that you want to do with your life and what field you want to persue your carrier in .

With broad knowledge of varieties of subject and specific knowledge in special field you could think in depth and also be creative .
If one only specialize in one subject that person could easily be narrow minded .
It is quite clear that people think in relation to what they know and what they learned and practice daily .
A person without various knowledge of the world could not lead his/her life successfully in relation to people in various fields , because he/she could not understand the way of thinking of other people .

I am not saying that you should study every subject shllaow , I am suggesting that you take courses that would give you a large view of the society such as history , economics , science and politics so you can get help from these various knowledge when you need them in relation to your main field .
The usage of cars has been increasing since the beginning of 20th century , with the Fordist era - the easy and mass production of cars in 1900s .
However I believe that it has reached to its peek and in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , because people are becoming more concerned with environmental issues , petroleum prices are constatly increasing while its supply is decreasing , which causes financial problems and car users started to find new solutions nowadays and public transportation is rapidly developing .

Fisrt of all , the global world is now aware of the environmental problems .
For the sustainablity of mankind , the carbondioxide emmision must be dropped .
Billions of cars in traffic , all around the world are producing carbondioxide and destroying the ozon layer .
Fortunately , there are many organisations , public groups and volunteers that try to educate people on this issue and people are now feeling more responsible for the environment they are living in .
I believe these efforts will result in positive outcomes in twenty years , and people will start to find new ways of transportation in order to save the world .

Caring about the environment is not the only reason why people are trying to find new ways of transportation .
The constant increase in the petroleum prices due to the decrease in its supply , also leads car users to search for new solutions .
Employees of the same companies or students of the same schools started to share cars nowadays .
By this way , they can share the costs of the car .
In additon , there are some restrictions by some governments that supports this solution .
For example in United States , people who pass across a bridge alone in his/her car pays more fee than the ones sharing their cars .
In additon usage of bicycles , motorcycles and scooters also increased , and keeps increasing .

The last reason why I think that car usage will decrease in the future is because of the developments in other transportation systems .
Public transportation is getting more efficient with the technological developments and it seems like it is going to improve even more in the future .
For example in Turkey , as economy improves , more subway lines are being constructed .
Now , most of my friends come to school by subway instead of busses or their provate cars .
In addition to getting widespread in all around the city , the subway system is now much more comfortable and fast than before .

Societies ' increasing awareness in environmental issues , increasing price of and decreasing supply of petroleum and the improvements in the public transportation sysems will result in fewer cars in usage in twenty years .
People need to move from place to place to carryout various daily activities .
Right from the existance of man on earth he has been nomadic , moving from place to place for food , shelter etc .
So there must be some means of transport and those means changed as generations passed and as the technology developed .
Early man used to walk , later he used tamed animals like camels in deserts , horses etc and then he brought the revolutionary change when he invented wheel .
Almost all the current means of transportation are based on wheel and one such widely use means of transportation is the car .

Many people in the present society have cars and they use it daily to travel from home to office or elsewhere .
So traffic has increased enormously .
In the coming twenty years we will more cars if they increase the way they are now .
But I believe that in the next twenty years cars will actually reduce because there are other means of transportation available such that everyone need not rely on only cars for travelling .

Technology has been growing along with requirements of people .
Now more public transport systems are available which are useful to the society and the facilities thay are providing are also increasing day by day .
Public transport systems like government and privide owned buses , public railway system , local trains and even aeroplanes have bettered their services and increased their frequencies .
So instead of using cars many people now are looking into these means for their routine purposes like going to schools , colleges , offices etc .

One more aspect of these public transport system is that they are a cheap and reliable means of transportation .
It can help many people reach their destination with less risk and cost .
Governments are now introducing many policies to encourage people to use more of this public transport .
Many benefits have been advertised like lower bus fares for students and workers who travel regularly , benefits for elderly people etc .
Many fare concessions are advertised .

One more reason why i feel cars will come down is that the effect these vehecles are having on our environment makes everyone to give a thought on using these vehecles .
The pollution caused by these vehecles cause severe respiratory problems to the entire mankind .
Apart from such direct harm to health of humans it also pollutes the environment and leads to global warming .

One good example to show that cars will come down in future is that countries like singapore and japan use more of bycycles rather than cars .
They advocate people that use of bicycles is not only good for environment but also for our own health .
Their idea has already impressed many and in future many nations will definitely follow this .

One more reason why i think we will see fewer cars in future may be because of the fuel constraints .
Even today many countries are having less rerserves of than what is required .
The fuel prices have been growing higher and higher .

So i agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars considering the various reasons mentioned above .
`` Play it safe. '' is the thing we often hear from our families , friends and from other people .
We see many people regretting about their past , for they lived in a routine and never took the chances they had just because they thought it was risky .
It is well known that the richest man in my country was broke and homeless in his childhood .
To me , taking risks is the main gate to success and happiness in your life , since that may be only chance for you to make your future dreams come true and not to regret in your prospective life .

In three months , I will receive my diploma and become a physician .
The tendency of medical graduates is to specilize on a clinical branch and practice privately .
I have not applied for the graduation exam yet and I will not , instead I am applying for a research scholarship in Japan and planning to complete a doctoral course there .
it is obvious that it will be more challenging and time consuming , but I think that once I receive a degree in Japan , a door to study abroad academically will be open .
But the door may permenantly be closed ; too .
I am acting in an unorthodox way ; but as Robert Frost says : `` I took the one less travelled by , and that made the difference . ''

`` If only I had the chance ... '' , `` I wish I could use this chance ... '' are the words I never intend to use and in my opinion , regret is the worst feeling one can has in his life .
Time passes by and there is no chance to reverse it .
The only thing that one can do is to anchor to that chance and go for it no matter how risky the situation is , so that he will not find himself in a routine life and he will never experience the feeling of regret .
Not to feel regret in any of the steps of your life is actually what I perceive from the word `` peacefulness '' .

In summary , I can say that taking risks is the main taste of life that leads to success and the source of happiness hides in a mind that has no idea of regrets about the past .
I belive that it is much more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I feel that it is useless if students rely on memorizing facts only , this is because as life goes on , what sticks to our minds is what we understand and comprehend , and not what we siply memorize .

generally speaking , it is very difficault to memorize a fact without first understanding it .
Take the process of photosynthesis in plants as an example , I remember very well trying to memorize all the complicated steps and stages involved in this process without first understanding them , and what did i get ?
nothing .
It was a complete waste of time and energy .
Yet when i went back to my biology teacher , and after explaining it to me , i found it much easier to memorize and comprehend .
hence to me personally , undersatnding the ideas and concepts is a must-do before even thinking of starting to `` learn the facts ''

As we go through every experince in life , whether it is a learning experience , or just an every day experience , we make sure to understand what is going on around us , hence we try as hard as we can to get involved .
When we simply learn facts , we are not involved in the actual process of learning , and we cannot therefore enjoy that feeling of pride that a person gets when understanding a challenging task or peice of knowledge .
For exapmle , if a student memorises a mathemetical question , it would be a complete wate of energy and time , yet when that student truly understands that task , he/she will never forget it and will positively benifit from that true learning experience .

Even when we talk about the regular day-to-day tasks that one always goes through , we see , again , that it is a very important to understand a task before memorizing it .
Take the simple process of tying a shoe !
It is very important that the child knows the basic idea of that simple process and watch it several times analysing it , before actually learning those simple facts .

finally , we conclude that it both understanding the concepts and learning the facts are ways of learning that at many time cannot be separated .
I believe that understanding the ideas and concepts are still more important as they are the first step in the process of learning .
Progress and development in a general way was made by hardworking people who specialize themselves in a specific subject .
One question could be ask weither it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

In my opinion every one should have a minimum of knowledge in many academic subjects but sooner or later we have to choose a specific subject otherwise progress will stop or grow very slowly .

For example what would had happened if no one had studied biology specifically ?
Medecin would n't have evolved and diseases and viruses would have spread without vacccins or medecins to stop them .
We could give similar examples for transports that are progressing rapidly since the invention of the wheel people worked very hard to invent new ways of transportation ( the bycicle then the car then the plane ... )
if every one had a broad knowloedge of many academic subjects mankind would have very slightly evolved from the stoneage .
All the study 's , the researches helped the world not only in a scientifical way but even in a economical way , study 's of businesses have helped the businesses owners to know how to manage effectively their company 's on a large scale this would help a whole country 's economy and will then help the fight against poverty .

It is essential for a healthy world to understand and study specific subjects that could help us in oure lives but this does n't mean that the person that is specialised in a subject should be completely ignorant of all exept this specific subject ; like i said before we should all have a minimum of general knowledge of many academic subjects but for the sake of progress we should specialize ourselves in a specific subject .
Modern societes are thinking more individually than ever .
This is a result of multiple factors that I will shortly describe in this writting .

The first factor is the Metropoli concept .
At the beggining of the 20th century , there were no so many cities in the world with more than a million of habitants .
Today , one can realize more than 50 cities with more than 10 million of habitants .

The Metropolis has many implications in the way of living , in terms of competitivity for a workplace , time dedicated to educational activities , time and resources invested in transportation .

Day after day time invested at home is decreasing and the young people quite often do not see with treir parents as they have so many things to do , but the family is not a priority anymore .

A second factor is the revolution of communication media and all what it has brought to society .

The media influence over the people is huge .
Unfortunately what bring cash to the media companies are the stars programs .
I have not seen any top series for young that focuses their attention to comunitary programs , obviously , that wo n't have any rating .

The third factor is the lack of believes .
As a human being , is important to believe in a superior god , no matters if is christian , Methodist , Budism , etc .
The believes and practices of a religion are the basis of a community .

The final factor is that the education at schools are focusing more in technical formation than humanistic , focusing students more in `` me '' thinking than in a community thinking .

Technical education is basic , but moral education is as important and shoul be teached in the same way and intensity .

Multinational and global corporations works as a community , share a Corporate culture and values , and from my point of view , that is the only way that one could guarrantee sustainability .
One of the basis of leadership is to work in groups to bring results foto the community and youngs should be advised of the importance of helping their communities .
Nowadays every thing has advertisements , even people startted to have advertisements in the internet .
They make their own profile with their hoobies , different abilities and their favorable personalities to have friends or to entertain themselves .
It does n't matter if you say teh truth or not .
I do agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

First of all , when you look at something while you are walking on the street you see lots of different advertisements about different things .
They can be food , clothets or everything you can imagine of .

All of them are well advertised with new technology .
They put more efects , sounds or color to have your attention .
Secondly , with the new technology around the world there are no houses with out televisions or radios .
So , that means everybody hears or sees the advertisements of products thousand times of a day .
Due to that people who produce advertisements make them more unforgetable and more enjoyable .
For example , yesterday I have seen an advertisement of a coffee on the television with a really funny music in it .
I dreamed about that coffee all the day and at the same time I sung that music over and over in my head .
Finanlly , I had a chance to try that popular coffee .
Unfortunately , It was n't what I waited to taste like .
There was n't any smell or any good taste of that dreamed coffee .
It was n't even a coffee ...
and I was angry .

What is more , like before I mentioned advertisements of people in the internet .
Most people advertise themselves like they are all perfect and impossible to find on the earth .
I do n't understand why people try to show themselves differently than they usually are ?

I strongly believe in most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
That is why I do n't believe in their extraordinary perfectness , if I do n't try , use or meet them .
Most importantly I believe in honesty in everything .
First of all , I do not disagree with the statement of young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , and secondly , I think this statement is merely based on the stereotypes which the adults project on adolescents .

Nowadays , young people are acting more independent than their seniors .
They know more of what they want , why they want it and how they going to get it .
However , this change does not please most of the adults who still believe in the social hierarchy of age which is keeping juniors under control .
This is the crux of the problem , and in this case , the two paries see the title and definition of `` helping thier communities '' differently .

In my neighborhood , there is a brilliant young girl who has saved many children from domestic abuses .
Whenever Sara hears parents beating their kids in a much too violent way , she is brave enough to report to the authorities concerned about each severe case in the community .
Nevertheless , most of the adults complaint about her behavior to her parents , and Sara get grounded several times for rescueing bleeding children and even bruised infants .

Moreover , in my colleage years , I have seen students organizing clubs which aim at supervising the school 's recycling operaiont or urging more tree planting on campus .
Most of their schemes , even in their most well-designed and pratical form , are rejected .
The school 's reluctance to participate in such community reform activities shows a rather great contrast to the students ' effort and desire of changing the world into a paradise .

As far as I know , only young people of Sara 's age admire her devotion to the neighborhood , and the adults simply see her as a trouble .
Also , the club members in my college never give up any chance to come to the community 's aid despite the negativeness of the school .
These situations teach me a lesson about how aduts or the whole society will not always be right .
Young people from around the world all possess great passions in helping their communities to become a better place to live , and sometimes , they are even more enthusiastic than the grown-ups surrounding them .
To be successful you have to take risks and experiment new things !
I definitely support this vision of life and there are many reasons why I believe so .
First of all we should learn from history and from our recent past that many successful people tried innovative things , instead of continuing doing the usual , and their creativity and courage to take risks has been prized .
For example , in many fields of art , from cinema to graphic design , from theater to painting , people who took risks to create and promote forms of art that were different and new and maybe even ` risky ' for the big public , are now on art history books and are considered as masters of contemporary art !

A second reason why I strongly think that innovative things are a fundamental basis for success is that things that represent ` the norm ' or ` the usual ' have their own market and this market is very unlikely to increase when it has reached a very established and balanced steady state .
But innovative things can open new markets from nothing !
Think about the fast food industry in Italy in the 80s !
Before the 80s Italians were not used to fast food , the way it was intended in the United States .
The first business man who decided to open the first hamburger fast food had to fight against the usual habit of Italian people to eat a simple `` panino '' [ sandwich in Italian ] or pizza .
Sure the decision was risky , but 25 years down the line we have a McDonald 's or a Burger King in any city centre ...
even adjecent to very important and beautiful historical buildings .
Maybe our landscapes have not benefited from it , but the owner of these chains had a great deal with his innovative entreprenourial attitude .

It can certainly be argued that for every positive and succesfull experience there are many others that do n't reach the same goal of notoriety or economical success and risk is always a matter of chance !
Nevertheless it is certainly true that , by not taking the risk of trying new things , success is very hard to obtain if one keeps doing the same and does not differentiate himself or herself from the rest of the people .
Coming to the end of my undergraduate education in the area of Molecular Biology and Genetics , know is the time for me to select a specific subject from my area to begin graduate studies .
In four years , we have covered a broad range of topics from cancer to pathogenic bacteria .
Definetely , knowing a bit from all topics in this scope will be a hard and unproductive task .
This idea applies to interdisciplinal studies in academic subjects .

Firstly , a short glance to the academic programs of any university would reveal the broadness of programs .
Trying to obtain knowledge in all or at least in several of these areas will push the limits of a normal human being .

Secondly , it is a fact that the more subjects you learn about , the less specific information you will have on each of them .
I always thought that having a shallow knowledge on many things is not a very desirable thing .
I am a person who would like to be focused on one thing and dive into deepnesses of that thing .

Another thing is that , a person excelling on one particular subject is given supplementary information from other areas .
In other words , you do not see the life of cell for four full years in Molecular Biology , it is blended with mathematics , physics and chemistry .

A last reason for why I am opposing the idea of having a broad knowledge of many subjects is because I believe that everyone should be contained in their own subject and should not jump to the others ' .
If I knew statistics as good as I knew microbiology ; why would there be a need for a statistician ?

To conclude my discussion , I would again like to emphasize the importance of co-working of experts from different areas in harmony to achieve the big thing , rather than one person trying to know and achieve everything just by himself .
I strongly agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The two main problems faced by people because of more number of cars on roads are the increasing number of traffic jams and the increasing levels of pollution .
People have become aware that its high time to address these two problems right now before it goes out of hand .

People today are aware of the harmful effects of the air pollution on the environment .
One major source of this air pollution is the vehicles .
Harmful substances like carbon monoxide etc. coming out of the vehicles is harming the ozone layer and thus increasing the cases of skin cancer .
Everyone has started realising that if we want to save our future generations then we have to think of alternatives of cars .
And people have started to act on it as well .
For example , in many European countries , we can see that people travel on bikes or on foot than on cars .

In many countries like Singapore , Malaysia .
England etc .
Metro Rail or Tubes have started operating .
The metro rails are laid as a network to interconnect the entire city and it has been proved quite succesful in these countries .
More number of people prefer to travel by metros than by their cars .
You will not find that many cars on the roads there .
Following their example , India has also brought Metro the country and people have started to travel by it .
Because of it , the pollution levels and traffic jams both have reduced .
There are more countries to follow .

In addition to this , petrol prices are sky rocketting making the car travel more expensive day by day .
People are not able to afford the monthly expenditure of the petrol or gas .
Also our oil and petrol reserves are very limited and will get over in the next thirty to fourty years max which will force us to look for other travelling options .

In the end , I would just like to say that forcibly or willingly , we will give up car travelling in future because of the above mentiones reasons which will let us see fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
Many academics believe that it is more important for students to analyze and understand concepts and ideas rather than to study facts .
In this essay I will examine whether the benefits of just understanding the ideas outweigh the possible advantages of learning facts .

Firstly , one argument that many people state in favor of the above mentioned opinion is that if you know the idea then you will be able to adapt to a different situation and to apply it to new circumstances .
In other words , only if you analyzed the concept then you will be able to use it to new situations .
The mere knowledge of facts does not help in this case since they are only characteristic of a certain point in time and cannot be applied universally .

Secondly , it could be argued that only the knowledge of ideas enables you to develop new ideas .
Facts are static whereas ideas are dynamic .
You can look at ideas and concepts from different angles and play with them .
Out of this dealing with a concept a new , further developed idea or system of ideas might be generated .
Mere facts are not open to such a proceeding , they can only be acknowledged .

Thus , because of these persuasive arguments the opinion of the academics seems to be correct .
However , the importance of the knowledge of facts cannot be underestimated .
In most of the time an idea can only be understood if you know the facts on which it is based .
Most of the ideas are born out of a specific situation which is essential for the understanding of the idea .
Furthermore , an idea cannot be further developed if you do not know anything about its origin .
You would not be able to apply it to a new situation and surrounding .

In conclusion , although there are several strong arguments in favor of the opinion mentioned above I believe that the knowledge of the idea and of the facts are equally important .
Both ideas and facts are intertwined with each other and cannot be separated .
Thus , in my view students should study concepts as intensely as facts .
I totally agree with the opinion that if you want to become or stay successful in your life you have to try new things .
A change in the way of working is not only good for leaders in the company , but also for the people working in the teams and working for you .
If you try different ways to hit your target , you will be able to see different ways to reach your claim .
That implicates also that you will be able to find different ways which can be different to your `` normal '' way of working .
And perhaps sometimes one of these newly found ways works out better for you and your whole company .

If you include the people working for you in the different teams into the process of finding these new ways to work together and for each other , they will enjoy to be asked and will enjoy working for you even more and even better .
You create a corporate identy and everyone will be happier because he has been asked for his opinion .
He is a part of the company and knows that he is important for it and his chief .

The change in the company , the results it brings and the new ways caused by it will show , what is good and what is bad for the daily working .
It will take some time , but you will see the changes the new way brings .
Or if even the traditional way you worked before was and still is the better way .
Going back to the old way is allways possible .

By searching for the best possibilities you gaine opportunities .
You are allways able to decide for the best way for your company .
That means , you are also able to go back to traditional ways and behaviours .
A great chance !
I do not believe that succesful people always have to try new things rather than doing what they do best .
A successful person is n't someone who is good in everything he or she tries , it is someone who is among the best in what he or she knows the best .
If the former definition was true it would mean that there are n't any successful people in life because noone can be good at everything .

Many people consider Bill Gates as a successful person .
After all , he took the risk , established Microsoft , and earned billions of dollars from it .
However , even he does n't try other things that are outside of his strenghts , such as swimming .
I am one of the best swimmers Turkey has ever seen , and I hold multiple national records .
Many people consider me as a successful person as well .
Suppose that Bill Gates was to try a swimming career , and we competed side to side in a meet .
Doubtlessly , I would have won , but would that make Bill Gates a loser , instead of a successful person ?
Would it mean that I am more successful than him ?
I think not .

Success is about what you can achieve with what you are given , not about how many risks you take .
A one year old talking baby is a successful baby .
A student with the IQ 150 getting 90 per cent on a logic test is not so successful .
Taking risks and trying new things in life broadens your vision , it does n't have anything to do with being successful .
People who do what they do best are already successful .
They do n't need to wander around for new excitements just so that other people consider him or her to be successful as well .
I agree with this statement .
For example my mom is successful business woman .
She started working for Air China when she gruduated in 1985 , and she is the president right now after she had worked 22 years , she had a long journey before she did that .
First of all is her English , my mom was really good at math and science when was in college , but was weak in English , and she did n't know any foriegn language either .
But my family was really poor awhen I was born so we needed money .
Air China was a company that needs language and experience more than teceniques and it 's richest inChina during that period of time too .
My mom made her mind that she wanted to work there and get nice salary in order to feed our family better and easier .

She went to the language school and had extra English classes every night , I still remember clearly that when she came back her eye were like the panda 's .
I almost begged my mom to stop doing that because she ca n't take it , she was alsomt sick .
But she said that 's her confifence and her goal and she will never lose .
She was the greatest I have even seen , she got a job in Air China after 3 month because she passed the super hard English test .
I was shocked by her achivement and felt so happy for her .
My mom did n't stop either although she had a nice job and got paid $ 5000 a month .
She went to Germany and Japan for two years for more experience and languages .
Who my mom came back and said she wanted to voted for the president of the entire company , I did n't trust her and said she was crazy , it 's impossible .
My mom did n't yell me instead she said that 's called faith to herself , faith to the society and faith to me .
I promised her that I trust her .

When It was the Chinese new year in 2003 , mom came home with the uniform of the president and cried , she did it !!
We huged together and had the best night ever .
Now she is working extremely hard every day , gets paid $ 20000 per month and I support her every day , the company is better and better , so does her life and our life , because we are one .

I have the money to pay for the fee of an exchange student , to take the test and come back for college if I pass this test because of my mom 's effort .
The definition of faith refreshed my brain and I became more mature .

I like this statement , I appreciate and I 'll remember it forever .
I disagree with the given statement .
According to me the statement is not very precise .
I think that people should hold on to what they already know how to do .
It is much more beneficial that trying new things .
The common saying `` Jack of all trades but master of none '' applies here very well .
The people who keep doing the same thing through their life are more successful according to me .

The people who concentrate in the same field increase their experience vividly in the respective field .
They can become more efficient by further training and support .
Where as those who are trying new things every time can never be satisfied with one thing and can never be settled in life .
Their life is spent trying new things and there is no particular job that they fit into .
They are always changing jobs and are very unstable in their life .
For example , a person who knows all the jobs os repairing but does not have enough experience is no better than a person who knows only wheel alignment but is widely experienced .

Moreover , the employers are always looking for hiring widely experienced crew members .
This type of experience in a certain field can be gained only by doing it for a long time and attending training sessions .
The practice of doing only one thing over and over again can also lead you to become an expert in that field of work .
This again contributes to an individual 's success rate .

In today 's world of high population a person stands out only if he has a certain specific knowledge .
The chances of a person who does the thing he already knows are higher of being selected for a certain job .
Most of the companies avoid risk-takers to avoid the chances of loss to the company .
Thus the people who prefer doing things that they are already familiar with are , in my opinion , more successful in their life rather than those who try new things and are adventurous .
I completely disagree with the given statement .
I agree with the the statement , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities and are too busy spending time on other things .

The young people of today claim to be very busy and not to have time for idle pastimes .
How much of this is really true ?
Cant a youngster fit in about two hours a week into his busy schedule dedicated to community service ?
Too many questions with not enough answers .

Young people of today do lead more compititive lives .
Compitition today is much more than what it was 10 years back .
With increased compititition , the student has to put in greater amount of work just to get noticed .
However , what youngsters fail to realise is that more leverage is been given nowadays to people who serve the community .
As an example , a company that had come to recruit students from my college had given preferance to those that had done some amount of commuinty work as compared to those that havent .

Moreover , I feel that , the main time spent by a youngster today is in watching movies , spending time with his or her friends or surfing the internet .
The advent of the internet has caused people to become more insulated from one another .
People claim that they are very active on the net .
Some go to the extent that they use the net for `` social '' causes such as creating a blog after a disaster , such as a flood , war or earthquake .
The same youngster goes on to feel very proud of himself .
At some point of time , the young person needs to understand that a blog only helps in voicing opinions but dosent help solving problems .

Thirdly , i feel the one major thing absent in all youngsters today is a concience that tells them to do good for others .
Youngsters seem to have become a selfish lot by caring only about themselves and their comfort .
They seem to lack the enthusiasm to go the extra mile to help other people .
I feel , this is due to a lack of awareness .
Hence , at some time in the school level , all students must be made to do something good for their class or for their friends so that they realise how good it feels to help others .

In conclusion , A young person must give more time to helping the community since , if every young person could do just that , the world would become a better place to live in .
`` Youth is the essence of life '' , it indeed is , the best years of any persons life , in every kind of way , the youth of any person is indeed much more enjoyable , memorable and cherishable .
As the plethora of options one has in his youth are hard to find for older people .
The exuberance of youth which youngsters have and the ability to take things in their stride and move ahead is seldom noticed in older people .

Young people are stronger , fitter , healthier than their older counterparts .
This is a major factor in them enjoying their routine in amuch better way , they can workout in the gyms longer , look fiter and can play any kind of sport , footbal , basketball , baseball etc .
The older people cannot play any kind of sport because they have restrictions as far as their health is concerned , and tend to move much more sluggishly and cannot risk fast movements .

Younger people , tend to socialise a lot more than their cunterparts they tend to meet a lot more people , go out to restraunts , pubs , discos , which probably are not the best places for the older people , as youngsters like to interact with people of their age , go out with them .
The older people would be restricted to places like parks , recreation centres etc .
Which is not all the time the most exciting thing to do and can get quite boring and mundane at times .

Younger people tend to work that much more harder , and get paid better , they tend to spend a lot more on their clothing , accesories , cars , jewellery and enjoy showing them of much more than their counterparts .
The whole industry is inclined towards youth and is catering to their needs and choices .
The yougsters can try a lot more activities like mountain climbing , trekking , river rafting which are are so exciting and give that thrill which only has tobe experienced , and unfortunately all these have their own restrictions and are not recommended for older people .

Taking into consideration all these factors , it is clear that young people , can live a bigger , stronger and more funfilled life than what their counterparts can , well they must have passed through their youth phase in their life and will surely have had a lot more activity then than what they are having now .
Youngsters have the energy and the time to dwell into what ever they like and can enjoy every aspect of it , it is not the same for the older p
I totally agree with the statement that ` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . '

Ideas and concepts are quintessential for the development of understanding , propagation of thoughts and enrichment of students .
There is a very strong relation and link that exists between learning of concepts and the ideas that lead to these concepts , or how the ideas are generated and are derived from a particular concept .
All this forms the very basis of knowledge and understanding .
Mere learning of facts without a background would be as futile an activity as dividing a number by zero .

For students or for any learner for that matter , what matters the most is a strong foundation that lies in conceptual knowledge .
Only if the student has the basics right , he can go on and challenge a plethora of theories or formulate hypothesis , proceed towards solving challenging problems , look at things from different perspectives , analyse situations and , may be , develop his own viewpoint on it .
Learning concepts , ideas and also the interrelation between the two , leads a student to build up a knowledge that is relevant or can be definitely counted on .

Take for instance in mathemetics if a student knows the fact that 2 plus 2 is 4 , but does not know how to determine it , the fact would be of no avail .
Similarly if a student of chemistry knows that water is formed by hydrogen and oxygen , but does not understand how the process has taken place the fact will be a non progressive one .
Same goes for other subjects as well .

Hence , it is absolutely necessary for a student to understand the concepts and ideas and then , if necesary , proceed towards the facts .
Most advertisements makes products seem much better than they realy are .
I totaly agree with this statement , most of advertisements give the consumers the advantages that they can get by using the products , and they try to avoid mentioning the disadvantages or the misuse or side-effects .

To give a life example of that statments , i will give an example from my personal field which is pharmacy .
Patrients or Consumers in other words like most of medical companies prefer to address them , see the advertisements on TV , or newspapper .
and easily get convenced with the mediaction because of the following .

First , they use easy langauge and something most of us suffering from like pain , insomnia and syptoms of allergy , Second , they keep repeating the advertisement over and over agian .
even some people get convenced that they have problem in sleeping although they do n't and how the medication is effective and safe .
I know one of my patient , that she forced her physicain to call me at the pharmacy to give me a phone - prescription for sleeping pills that she previously saw on TV .
Although , she was not suffering from any sleeping problems just she liked the advertisement and the music on it and the colour of the sleeping pill ( it was nice shiny pink colour by the way ) and i say forced him becuase some could say '' he has the right to refuse .
he is a doctor '' . yes , that is correct .
but she mentioned that she will go to every single doctor other than him to prescripe the medication for her in case he will refuse to do so .
and simply he does not want to lose bussiness .

Third , The side-effects of the medication are wrtten in small letters in the end of the advertisements or mentioned real fast that , the customers can not follow what was exactly said and the most important thing as i mentioned earlier .
it has to be in the end of the advertisement , so no one can pay attention .

We can use the example that i just gave about the medications and the advertisement and thier ways on every single aspects and fields on adverisement bussiness .
To conclude and summarize , I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
for the previously mentioned reasons .
I do certainly believe that there has been a marked shift from the past in the attitude of young people with respect to their community .
Though it will be unfair to generalize this to all young people , but most of the young people today show little concern for their community they live and dwell in .

The younger generation today is much more concerned about their own future and well being and in this pursuit , they sometimes tend to neglect their communities completely or are just not able to afford much more time for it .
They do not shy away from exploiting the resources of their community to climb up the ladder of their own success .

In my day to day experiences , I have seen teens and students just littering away the wastes in the premises they live in .
They sometimes tend to scratch and damage the property which is there for evryone to use .
I am not sure what pleasure do these people derive by doing such activities but the fact of the matter is that they usually do it .
If they can not help the community atleast they should not damage it further .

To quote a personal experience , there was a friend of mine who was being offered the post of district magistrate of the town he has lived in from his birth .
He did all his schooling from that town .
He was a bright student and that is why he was able to get the post of district magistrate .
He always used to carp about lack of infrastructure of the town like frequent power resources , insufficient water supply etc .
Thus , he was never satisfied with the authorities .
But he himself got the post and got the opportunity to do something for the community , he just declined the job for a more lucrative job offer abroad .
Thus , when the actual time came to perform duties towards his community , he didnt take up the responsibilty .
This goes onto explain that young people usually d not give enough attention and help to their own community .

But , as I said before , this pattern cannot be generalized to whole lot of younger generation .
I believe that the success stories of people who do give help to their community will inspire those who shy away .
I have always been and still is an `` understanding '' kid .
I could never learn the facts as `` such and such is such preiod . ''
I had to think about it until I knew and understood the main reason why such and such is such and such .
It was a good habit of studying for when there were comprehensive questions , I would find it easy to apply the things I learned in to real-life settings .
Once understood , I would then be able to learn higher level knowledge on the same topic .
Things I tried to memorize as facts never semmed to sink-in and stay .
It is because of my personal experience that I agree with the statement , `` It is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .

First , in present day life , you ca n't always learn facts and memorize it .
In the past accepting and learning facts were the means of education .
However , now it is more important to understand the ideas and concepts .
Every now and then we here about the imp [ ortance of creativity .
Creativity comes from understanding ideas and concepts and applying them to situations to make new things , handle the hard problems in the situation , and make new ideas .
In present day life , you the ablitiy to understand is important especially to growing students .

Second , the `` facts '' are always changing .
It was a fact that the no man could ever reach the moon befora the space shuttle was invented .
It was a `` fact '' that the Earth was the center of the universe couple centries ago .
The `` facts '' change as people learn more and more about their surroundings .
If the facts are learned without students actually understanding the concept , it would be hard for them to take in the new `` facts '' or understand why the fact has changed .
Also , it would be impossible to have great scientists if all students belived that facts are facts and none of them will ever change becaus they learned it this way .

Last , it is a more effective way of studying .
For students who have a limited amount of time to study 8 to12 subjects time efficientcy is very important .
By understanding a concept or ideas the students can take in all the things that are related to that subject .

Because of the reasons stated above , I agrree with the statement , `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
Today , the environment continues to play in increasingly important role in world politics .
Although , first steps have been made to reduce globl warming , the issue is still not treated with the earnesty and conviction it deserves so far .
Sadly I need to stress the fact , that this may pose a greater threat to civilisation than terrorism .
Cars contribute to global warming by emmiting CO2 .
Consequently , the question wether there will be fewer cars in use in 20 years is of vital importance to us all .
I would like to answer with a definite yes .
However , I think otherwise .

One of the main reasons for this conviction is , that people have known about global warming for a long time , but that consequent action , such as driving less has been taken only by a small minority .
People love convenience , and cars are very convenient .
Moreover cars are very important symbols of status for many people .
Feelings have a greater influence on most people than rational thought , and this is why they will not give up their cars if they don not have to .

Another reason why I think that the number of cars will increase , is that large numbers of people in the so called third world , especially in China , who did not have cars so far , are starting to buy them .
Ony a drastic increase in petrolem prices could slow this developement .

Less pessimistic reasons for my view , are that new cars are beeing developed .
These cars use less fuel , cosequently , they will be affordable , even if fuel prices should rise significantly .
What is more , research has been trying to invent cars that do not use combustable fuels at all for quite a while .
They will surely succeed in the near future .

I do hope that if I am right , and we do have more cars on earth in twenty years , than we do today , that they will not emmit CO2 .
Advertisement is a very unique skill , it 's is the art of changing the nature of a product and achieve the sales target for a salesman .
It 's a very special skill that helps the maketeer to obtain his gaol .
It can work in both ways , it can be an honest advertisement and can be a fake or a dishonest one depending on the company/salesman goals and integrity .
Any product can be the best or the worst product depending on how it is marketed or advertised for .
An advertisement can be the most real , straight forward one or can hide half of the truth about a certain product .
It 's no doubt depends on the vision and integrity of the marketeer/salesman .
For example sales representatives for drug companies are required to fit into a certain format looks wise , dress wise , way of talking , the car they are driving and so on , because marketing is a science and professional marketeers know for sure that all these small things matters in the big picture and it has a great effect on having doctors agree to meet and talk with sales reps and in the end prescribe the product/medicine they are here to sell .
Second thing is colors and shapes of the gamexes ( prodcut related gifts ) , brochures , and product samples that are distributed by the salesmen has to be greatly taken into account , it has been studied/shown that certain colors affects the mood and influence doctors to write certain prescription medication , also the postion of the gamex on the doctor 's desk can influence his memory to remeber or forget a certain product .
So it 's all about a kind of audio visual brain wash that advertising is doing to influence any increase or decrease in sales .
This is also shown in the example of the prescription drugs and how advertisement make a prodcut seem much better that it really is when the sales reps starts explaining to the doctor the benefits of this drug for his patient and not highlighting on the major side effects that the patient might suffer by taking this medication .
Therefore , I do agree that advertisemants make products seem much better that they really are and everyone should make his/her own research before purchasing any product so that they do n't fall as a prey for advertisement .
I prefore to travel with a tour guide exspecially we go to some country and also that is a first time to go there .
When we go to some country , we have to speak their language .
If we go by ourselve , we have to make a resavation for hotels , and also it 's hard to read and understand the menu in a restaurant .
When I went to Korea with my friends , we did n't join a tour .
We had some guide books that showed famous restaurants and places in Korea .
When we went to a restaurant , the menu was written in Hongle , not even in English .
We could n't read them , so we just point out the menu when they took orders .
The food was n't that we expected .

We can learn more things from a tour guide when you go to some historical places .
The tour guides know so many things .
There are some guide book to lean those histories but sometimes there are not enough to us , and also the books could n't answer the questions when we have some questions about which we visit .
We get more explaination from the guides .

Sometimes , the guide take us a local restaurant or store where local people usually go .
When I went to France with a small group of people with a tour guide , the guide took us the restaurant where he usually goes .
The food was cheap and really good .
And the other day , he took us to a little town in the countly-side of France .
It did n't show in any guide books .
There are some winaries and stores .
We had a really nice time in France .
It is a very common idea that there are two different ways of what can be called ` learning ' , for a student in a school .
The first way is to learn about a subject by understanding how it works and the concepts that are below it .
The other way is more mecanical and implies learning facts about this subject .

I agree with the statement , that is I think that in most situations , when one has to choose , he had better to understand the ideas and concepts than just learn facts .
There are lots of arguments in favor of it .

First , in most situations the facts are not repeatable .
For example in scientific issues , the basic interest of general rules and equations is that they can be transposed and used in the most possible contexts .
And to use these equations , one has to understand them .
Learning facts in a scientific field , like for example the resulting speed of an object , does not give any clue about the result of an experiment in another context .

Secondly , the process of learning is also important .
Learning facts stimulates only memory and does not give a very secured way of learning .
On the contrary , by trying to understand concepts and ideas , a student stimulates other parts of his mind , starts of process of real thinking .
That kind of process is more likely to be memorized and to be useful to the student , as it is an active way of learning .

Third , a student should not only care about immediate issues such as having a good mark at an exam .
Indeed university and schools should be a place where students can develop their skills , their ability of thinking , analysing situations , etc .
Eventhough focusing more on understanding than on learning facts can be less efficient in the short time , it should be more efficient in the long term .
In addition it is also very useful in life to know how to analyse situations and understand them .

Yet there are naturally exeptions .
And the statement may not be true in every situation .
For example , History or Geographic studies require mainly to learn facts and it is this learning which determines the level , the skills of someone in that field .
Let us say that even though learning facts is sometimes very important , there is always the need to be able to use them , and to understand a specific situation .
I am absolutely certain that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In fact , it is the motivation of the people who are creating the advertisement to influence the people and create a perfect image of a certain product .
I will give two reasons and examples to underline my opinion .

The first point I would like to make is about tv spots and their style of influence .
By making a nice spot it is possible to present a certain product in the way the producer wants to .
Some time ago , for example , I saw an advertisement about a tooth paste with a whitening effect .
In the spot a beautiful woman , titled as the wife of a dentist , told me about her experiences with this tooth paste .
I could see her wonderful white teeth and was very impressed .
Next day I bought this tooth paste and hoped to get more white teeth as soon as possible .
Unfortunately , yet my teeth have not change into a more white colour and I guess I was influenced by this spot , which made the tooth paste better than it actually is .

Secondly , I would like to refer to prospects about hotels .
To present a product nicely , photos can be sufficient , too .
I suppose , almost everybody once has read such a prospect and was impressed about all the nice photos .
On the photos , every lobby is modern and friendly , the swimming pools seem to be very big and the rooms are with balconies , plants , nice sofas and chairs .
However , these photos mostly only show the best parts of the hotels .
Of course , they do not present a complete impression , including the more unrepresentative parts .
Thus , these prospects create an impression of the hotels which presents them better than they really are .

As a conclusion I would like to underline that advertisements are not forced to show the truth .
It is obvious , that the producers of advertisements take this chance to influence the peoples impression of certain products .
When travelling in a group led by a tour guide , one person will feel convenient because the tour guide will arrange the routine and lodging , and can share happiness with different people in the group .
However , I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

Firstly , travelling in a group led by a tour guide will waste a lot of time on waiting for other people .
I once had a trip in a group of 20 people .
Before visiting a place , everyone was told to come back in one hour .
I came back on time but stayed there for half hour just to wait for those who did n't return punctually .
As a result , we had no time to visited another place which interested me .

Secondly , travelling in a group led by a tour guide will based upon a fixed routine .
The routine is arranged not according to the tourists ' interests , but according to the purpose of the travelling agent firm .
So during the travelling , we will lose chances to explore new sites and routines , which are more attractive .

Thirdly , travelling in a group led by a wrong tour guide will be a nightmare .
If the tour guide just cares about money , he will always lead the tourists to some shops where the prices are extremely high .
In this way , a lot of time will be wasted and a lot of money will be spent on the commodities which do not worth that much .
On the other hand , the guide will earn commissions from the retailors by taking the tourists into the shops .
For example , last year my friend spent USD 100 on a necklace on a travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
But the same necklage can be bought at a price of USD 25 in another place .
Travel can be a good present to a person who is tired or bored with an ordinary busy life .
It can be a time for a new adventure or a time for taking a rest .
Some people prefer traveling with a group and a tour guide .
Others choose a trip by themselves or with their family and friends .
Personally , I prefer to travel with my family and friend or just by myself without a tourguide .

Trip in a group with a tour guide can be cheaper because of possible group discounts and agency deals .
Also , I do n't need to do my research for the place I want to visit during the trip .
All I need to do is to show up the place where I am supposed to meet a group and a tour guide and to follow predetermined schedule .
It sounds very convenient .
However , there is limited freedom in a group tour .
I may not visit the places I wish to go , must wait for others , can not eat the restaurant I choose , and can not change schedules even if I want to .
Furthermore , I am usually not able to choose a group I am with nor a tour guide .
If I am unlucky , that trip can be a pain to bear with somebody uncomfortable .

When I was in school , I visited Bangkok with a group led by a tour guide .
The reason I chose the group tour was that it was a very good deal .
There were 35 individuals in my group in different ages .
Frankly speaking , it was very unpleasant because there were some people distracted .
They spent too much time on shopping and rest of us had to wait for them .
Because a tour guide get a commission , he did n't stop them rather encourage them to purchase more .
I wasted a lot of time in the bus waiting for others .
Also , I could n't eat the restaurant I wanted to eat .
I could n't stay a place long enough I enjoy the view .

Besides of above reasons I pointed out , I want to have some good memories which will last long after the trip .
For a group tour , I do n't need to do any research for the trip except checking schedules .
Thus , there are not a lot of memories I can have later .
I would like to have a travel with full of unpredicted events .
I may visit places nobody else visit since no tour guide goes there .
There could be some challenges .
But through overcoming them , I will improve myself more .
Thus , the best way to travel for me is definitely not in a goup led by a tour guide .
Although I can imagine reasons why people would consider learning of facts as the most important task of students , because in some situation a specific knowledge is a great advantage and all that counts , I totaly agree with the statement named above .
I do share the opinion that the understanding of general ideas and concepts is more important for several reasons .

First , this ability is transferable to many situations and subjects .
For example even if a person changes her major subject of studies , it is still possible to use the accomplished knowlege of methods and concepts in the new subject .
On the contrary , the simple facts of the previous studies are most of the time no longer usefull .

Second , human brains are only able to provide a limited number of facts at the same time , so people will not remember details of facts after a few months or years and need to relearn them anyway .

According to my opinion , another reason to judge the learning of facts less important is the current way of living .
Because of the fast technological development in our century , a reasonable amount of facts which you learn today might be toal useless very quickly .
For example some programming languages which were commonly used only a few years ago are now not up to date any longer .
This technological environment also enables people to get to know specific facts very fast by starting research in the internet , which makes the knowldege of facts even less important .
But it is necessary to be able to distinguish the quality of web pages , which leads again to the argument that a general knowledge is important .

Because of those reasons stated above , I came to the conclusion , that the knowledge of facts is time limited and being capable of using general concepts and ideas will last longer and are therefore more efficient than facts .
According to the statement , the number of cars in use will decrease in the next twenty years .
Three reasons for that decrease can be stated .

First of all , it is stated that most of the people in France live in or nearby big cities , and work everyday in the city .
These people choose to go to work by car .
Because the traffic is very high every morning and every evenig , some of them start to be fed up with their car and think of other possibilities to go to work , such as using the metro or even biking .

Additionaly , the government insists on the necessity to decrease pollution .
Since the car is the most polluting travel means , the government encourages people not to use it by widening the opening time of the metro .
Indeed , many people use their cars because the metro closes at midnight , and they are conseauently not able to come back home without using a taxi after that time .
Because taxis are too expensive , they prefer to use their car .
This decision will convince people not to use their car anymore .

Finally , another reason why people will not use their cars as much as they used to is that the average age of the population is increasing .
In twenty years from now , most baby-boomers will not be able to drive a car anymore .
This will consequently reduce the number of drivers and the number of cars in use will decrease .

As a conclusion , it is obvious that people will still need their cars , to travel for example .
However , many efforts are made by the government and the people to decrease the pollution level , and the easiest way to do so is to reduce the use of cars .
It seems to me that , in twenty years , fewer cars will be in use than there are today .
`` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well . ''

Yes i do agree with the above statement

Successful people use their enterprise and gained knowledge to try and invent new and better ways and tecnologies and methods to do the same thing in a better and easier way

Sucessful people not always follow the path shown to them or the path normal people tend to take .
they are willing to try new things and take new risks in the hope of better results and achievements .

A lot also has to do with ones attitude .
A successful person will have a positive attitude and will be optimistic of his achievements and failures .
An unsuccessful person will be pessimistic about his achievements and mourn on his failures

Successful people have an urge to go beyond the obvious and the commenly followed ways and measures the are risk takers and the diversify their knowledge by trying new things and experimenting .
The most effective discoveries that have been made in the past are by people and scentist who where ready to take a step into the unknown and dared to touch the untouched .
they refused to follow the same old traditional patterns .
it is an art to open your minds and look for anwers for the questions never asked before .
Mechanically doing the same old thing makes people 's mind robotic and life monotonus .

Lot of millionares in India eg tata birla and ambanies are people who are big industrlists are those who where willing to dream big and to seek success bydaring to take actions which normal people in those times will think twice about .
Growth and sucess might come later as one might also suffer fron failures but people can always learn from their past mistake and improve , adapt and innovte an old and commenly used method for the betterment of future generations .
I have been working at a fast food chain for two years .
Because I have the most experience with the job than most workers , I train many of the trainee .
As I taught , I made them learn the concept of making the product than to learn the facts .
One day , when I was on my break , an angry customer came to the store .
He explained that the trainee gave him a drink with milk powder , when the customer was allergic to milk .
The trainee made an excuse that she did not know what the powder was made from .
Then , I noticed the importance of facts rather than the ideas and concepts .

Learning ideas and concepts may be a great place to start the education , but facts are also very important for a student .
For example , a curious student may be working on a experiment using acid .
The teacher may tell him the concept that the acid in the experiment is dangerous .
But , since the student is so curious , that he may try poring some acid on his finger , to see what happens when you get an acid burn .
Soon , he would be suffering from major chemical burn , and be taken to the hospital .

As it is said in `` Pandora 's box '' , we are born to be curious .
Once we learn the ideas and the concepts , we must satisfy our pleasure by learning the facts .
I cannot say that ideas and concepts are not important ; we need them to learn .
But just stopping at the concepts is not enough .
We must proceed , and get better understanding by learning the fact .

Ever since the incident with the customer , I learned a lesson to teach my trainees the facts including with the product .
Now that I think about it , who would train the trainee the facts if I did n't share my knowledge now ?
The issue at hand is if young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This is a very interesting question because the industrialised countries face an increasing average age of their inhabitants and an increasing life expectancy .
This accelerates an aging society with less younger people .
But does this mean that there is less fun in life for these people ?

In my opinion , old people can enjoy life as the younger ones do .
In fact , older people enjoy a lot of free time which they can use to take part in various leisure activities .
For example pensioners have a lot of time which they can use to travel not depending on their company or school vacations which makes their travel more relaxing and their destinations less crowded .

Furthermore , a majority of the elderly possess large amounts of money which they can spend on their hobbies .
Having probably paid off most of their debts and not being forced to raise their children anymore they can use their savings for themselves .
For example , older people can buy goods which they have always dreamed of while the younger ones still have to work and save money .

Additionally , As medical treatments are more and more developed , the older people can still enjoy their lives by continuing to do sports , improving their quality of life and health .
For instance , compared to drugs in the past there are more soft treatments , suppressing the disadvantages of the aging process by using hormones , enabling them to do many sports the younger ones can do , too .

Lastly , more and more products and services for the elderly are created , making their daily life more enjoyable .
Older peolpe are seen as `` Silver Market '' by several industries , being offered many products developed exclusively for them just like group travels in which people of the same age meet and explore foreign countries .

All in all I think that I have shown that being old does not mean that older people cannot enjoy life .
They might even be able enjoy life a little bit more than the younger ones do .
Honestly , I believe that it is a better to be a virtuoso in a particular field rather than being a dilletante .
A person who tends to grope at everything at once , ultimately ends up with empty hands .
To cite an example , I would like to take up the case of doctors .
How preposterous would it be to have a doctor repairing your dentures and at the same time trying to perform a cardiac surgery on you .
I for one would definitely not want to be at the mercy of such a person .

The new age world demands specialization .
It makes more sense to perfect a task , rather than to jump from one thing to another .
In todays world professionals are in great demand .
As the title suggests , one expects a person to be professionally involved in a field and not just pursue in as a hobby .

I would not like to go to far to adduce another example .
My grandfather , who happens to be an undergraduate in liberal arts , post graduate in marketing , and a diploma holder from IIFT chose to enter an industry as alien as the shoe industry .
Quite predictably he could not get a firm foothold in the industry and within a year , he switched over to an equally absurd field , construction .
My grandfather who was not even close to being an engineer wallowed meaninglessly in an arena which tacitly required a minimum of 4 years of engineering .
Quite understandably he could not survive in the cut throat competition among the architectural fraternity .
I regret saying it but he now sits idle at home , next to a dying hearth with his numerous degrees lying straggled around him .
He still has 4 years till retirement but unfortunately not a company to approach .

In todays world , competition requires you to be an ace at whatever you do .
The kind of in-depth experience specialization lends to a person cannot be achieved by merely scraping the surface of a particular subject .
To sum it all up , If one lays waste his powers in trying to dabble at anything and everything , he merely ends up being a jack of all trades for who this world , blessed with specialists in their own fields , has no room .
Imagine walking through the Costa Rican tropical forest with one 's closest friends .
As you march through the various types of plants and life-forms , you encounter the rarest type of bird in all of Costa Rica : the `` Mancha Roja '' .
Its astounding colors amaze you and you 're friends to such a point that you become frozen on the spot .
Such a scene would not be frequently seen with the structured group tours guided by an expert .
It is obvious that when one drifts away from the traditional ideas and creates one 's own pathways , one will discover new and amazing things that would have otherwise been hidden .

If one does not separate from the typical behavior produced by human nature , society would still be living under medieval age conditions and no true discoveries would be made .
It is essential to think outside the box in order to get the best from an experience .
If one uses a tour guide to explore and discover the riches of our world , one will not be truly discovering the hidden treasures but instead be following a simple lesson .
If that is what one truly seeks , then maybe a textbook would be more cost-efficient than an expensive tour guide .
With this conservative attitude of following someone around , Thomas Alva Edison would not have discovered the lightbulb , or the Wright brothers would not have soared in the skies .
In order to see the unseen , it is key to make one 's own path and explore , try new things and base one 's opinion and thinking upon that , rather than on a tour guide that one does n't even know .
Going back to the initial example of the mysterious bird , if one had walked along the amazon with a group of people , that bird might have been scared away by unfamiliar noises .
One would have missed out on what could have been the most enlightening and fabulous experience of years of exploration .
Had one gone along the inexistent path , one might have seen this bird along with many other incredible animals , therefore the pre-written path does not lead to discovery and hence must not be followed .

Creating our own paths in life is absolutely vital to the enrichment of our minds .
Following a group , led by a tour guide , into the unknown cannot even be compared to the experience of entering the unknown without direction or expectations .
Without a doubt , the best way to travel is , and always will be , traveling through the rugged , virgin and unexplored paths .
I would definetly disagree with the statement .
I say this because i am of the opinion that nobody is good at everything .
Students cannot cope up with the pressure of learning and handling such vastly diverse knowledge .

To have such a general base of knowledge with many subjects at once can bring in the effect of a student not being good at any of them .
I agree that there are cases where some exceptional students might be good at many subjects , but thats not the general case .
The general student can take only so much amount of knowledge .

I believe that one must learn aleast one thing perfectly rather than half-learn a hundred things .
In today 's world of highly advanced technologies there is too much information and knowledge to learn and it becomes hard for student to master even one subject perfectly .
Such being the case , a broad array of subjects will only increase the strain on the student , which may lead for him to get confused about the actual subject that he is really interested in .

For example , what good does a math student get from learning chemistry ?
It will only put him through a lot of strain to learn a thing which he really is n't interested in .

And i think it is really bad for students who have a focus in their life and have set goals to excel in a particular field , to have many academic subjects .
It will only bring down their enthusiam and zeal to learn more about their favourite subject .
And in events like when they fail to clear a subject which they dont like , they have to end up studying it all over again .
This only adds to their stress and delay in trying to study what they actually want to study .

Also , people who get the oppurtunity to learn what they rally like will definetly excel in it .
Their brains will work better for the subject they like .
And it will unfair to judge everyone by the same yardstick if we have many subjects .
I mean to say that while some people will be good at one subject they might fare really bad at the rest .
So u cannot have a common benchmark as such , to judge their talents .

And so i totally disagree with the statement that `` it is better to have a broad knowledge of academic subjects rather than specialize in one subject '' .
I believed that successful people are those who try new things and take risks rather than involving in things that they have alrealy know .
First , a person who is very enthustiac to learn new things has certain advantages .
because of his willingness to take risk this individuals will learn enough in his or her experience regardless of the outcome .
for example , a good businessman is an individual who is available to try a new business or a sell of a product in different geographical areas , if he succeed then he has the chance to prolifere his business and attract more customers , however , even if he does not succeed he can still learn from his mistakes and adopt new strategies and start all over again and be more prepared .

second of all , i believed that if a person never try new to experience new things , you will never be able to measure your capacity .
for example , when i was very young i was really reserved in many activities such as sports , activities that involved speaking in public .
for instance after a lot of pratice in a soccer team i coud not believe the level that i was able to achieve and how proud my family and my friend were .
futhermore , i always admired people who had the potential of speaking in public .
after my experience in class presentation i was overwhelmed to see that i could convey a message that my listerners understood find a good motivation behind my story .

third , in a more scientic prospective , i believe that science has evolved because certain researchers and individuals have engaged in trying new things .
for instance , today people are able to hold long distance conferences thanks to techology , this technology spare business a considerable amount of expenes .
Also , other sugery can also be performed in two different locations , a person suffering some disease where treatment is not avaible can take advantage of the knowledge of another physicians in different locations .

In conclusion , trying new things is beneficial because it can help us discover our capacity and make us more productive for our society .
those who have taken certain risk in sciences have allowed to solve problems in our world either medical , economical or social .
`` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ''

I completely disagree with the above proposition due to the following points

TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION : The above proposition actually takes a backward step with respect to the world which is evolving technologies at a breathtaking pace .
In the next 20 years the technology would be so advanced that cars would be more efficent , more cheaper and environmental friendly .
With the way automotive innovations are progressing , a time would come when everyone in the world would opt for a car .

INDUSTRIALIZATION AND DEVELOPMENT : Till date the majority of cars are found only in the developed countries .
But with aggressive industrialization and development taking place in the developing countries which constitute a major consumer base , the scenario would completely change .
In the next 20 years , the developing countries would reach a stage where people in these countries would have more earning power and a raised standard of living .
This would naturally translate into more buying capability which would mean that , 20 years from now , majority of the of cars would be driven in these developing countries .
This in effect would increase the already existing number of cars .

EMERGING MARKETS : It has been estimated in the next 20 years , developing countries like India , Brazil and China would increase their economical prowess to the extent comparable to the likes of U.S and the European Union .
As these 3 countries constitute a major chunk of the world 's population , they would naturally form significant market for all kinds of consumer goods which would also include cars .
With the explosive and continuous growth of these developing countries , there is no doubt that there would be a high growth trajectory for the number of cars plying on the roads in future .

Hence the above 3 factors are the principal reasons why the above proposition stated is false .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risk rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

Undoubtedly , a successful businessman always tries to make his business different from others ' .
The area that has never been explored by other people is always attractive to him , because he is so smart that he understands that an unexplored field always has a large potential .
Even though new things can hardly be accepted by customers initially , a farsighted businessman would rather to take this risk , becasue he understands that once he succeed in his first step , a huge profit will follow with it .

My father is also a businessman .
However , he is not one of the successful ones , since he is always afraid of challenge new things .
My uncle has a big resteraunt which is very successful .
Seeing the large profit my uncle has gained , my father decides to set up a small one as same as my uncel 's .
Even though my father is told that doing business relevent to food is not suitable for him , he insists in his decision .
However , quickly , my father finds that he has made a wrong decision as he keeps losing profit in his resteraunt .
The reason why he does not succeed is that he is not brave enough to challenge new things .
Moreover , he thinks that if he set up a resteraunt , he will be as successful as my uncle .
Consequently , without taking a risk , he fails .

In conclusion , once the mind of a bussinessman is limited , he can hardly be successful .
Sometimes , courage of taking a risk is the most pivotal factor of being successful .
I believe that it is better to have a broad knowledge of multiple academic subjects than to be a specialist in only one .
The primary reasons for this belief are the balance a student gains from having broad knowledge and the interrelationships that exist between different subjects .

Lets start by looking at the importance of balanced knowledge .
Being good in multiple subjects such as finance and strategic management will allow a management consultant to give advice taking multiple scenarios into consideration .
On the other hand , a specialist in finance would be able to give a solution solely in terms of bottomlines resulting in a less practical solution for the customer .

The second advantage is that a company needs to hire one student competent in two fields , rather than spend more resources hiring two experts .
In addition , having two experts who do n't understand each other could result in an inferior solution because of the lack of agreement .

The final reason is the interrelationships between subjects .
For example , a physics scientist has to use complex mathematical formulas for proving some of his conclusions .
If he was specialized in physics alone , he may not be able to prove his theories unlike a scientist who is good at physics and math .

In conclusion , while a specialist may have value in certain situations , the better value proposition that a balanced student brings to the table and the multiple options he has in his career outweigh the advantage of specializing in one subject .
One of the most contraversial and hot topic that has been discussed for a long time is that whether an advertisement can change the image of the product in a better way than the product actually is .
In spite of the fact that some people think the product is what it is and nothing can change the quality of it , advertisement is a very effective way to better the product in advance .
The way the product is advertised has a vital importance .
It can show the product much better by using couple of elements .

Undoubltly , advertisement helps to show a product much better that it actually is only if the advertisement is good .
However , what can be supposed as a good ?
What is the qualities of good ?
To be able to answer those questions we need to be really very careful about the strategies we use in the advertisement .
The new technologhy enables us to do millions of things with the cameras .
The colors on the products might be shown much more brighter as it is or the little deficiencies might be hidden when it is advertised .
Besides that the language that is used in the advertisement is very important too .
The words and the tonation must be appropriate to the product that is getting advertised .
For example , in a drink advertisement , a man is getting really thirsty after sport and he is drinking his drink .
The sound that he is making when he takes a sip from the bottle and after he is done the way he talks or stands - feeling of relief - makes a big difference .
However , a person who drinks it may still feel like he is pretty thirsty .
With advertisements , product can be exxagarated greatly .
This is actually what a lot of advertisements do .
They show the product in a superior way like `` if you wear this shoes , you will fly . ''
This technique actually works pretty good .
Eventhough it can help to make the product seem better , once people buy it , they sue the company right away .

As a result , since in todays modern world , there are great ways in the advertisement area , the products can be shown much more different that it is .
Technology and the way of language helps to exxagarate the product and it affects people 's physchology .
Eventhough they feel bad and disappointed after they purchase the product , it definitiely helps to show the product better .
I totally agree with the statement that sucessful people are willing to try new things and take risks rather than just doing what they know and do things which they do well .
I will elaborate & exemplify my reasons for doing so .

People who are willing to try new things shows that they have a sucess attitiude .
This is the most important factor for any one to succeed .
Afterall it shows the desire & willingness to try new things which have not been tried before .
Recently I read a story about a buisnessman who went on a holiday to Indonesia , where he got an opportunity to learn about the working of a steel mill .
Just by his new ways of doing things he bought that steel plant & today owns more than 25 % of total steel production in the world

Sucess attitude comes to those who have the knowledge about why should they try new things .
If someone does not have the knowledge he will not be able to try new things .
Taking the same example , why was the buisnessman I mentioned above , could take over the Indonesian mill .
This is for the simple reason , that he had the knowledge from back home , about waht works & what does n't as his father had a small steel plant .

Lastly peope who are willing to take the risk , by trying out new things exhibit leadership .
It is only this leadership quality which generates that desire to know more , to do more & to achieve more .
Today the buisnessman I mentioned above is respected as the world leader in steel industry , because he took initiative .

On the other hand people who only do things which they know to do well are are indirectly indicating , they are happy in what they are doing .
In my opinion it is as attitude which may not lead to sucess in the long run .

Hence I believe that the world belongs to those who are willing to try & willing to do new things .
This is my philosphy of sucess .
In my view , this statement is half-true .
Success does n't releave from only one factor .
It often depends on external conditions which one ca n't control .
Anyway , innovation is a good way to approach it , but it regularly must be based on things we know to do well .

Being enterprising and trying new things can be a real advantage for developing a project .
In the economic field , the most successful people are the ones who took risks presenting new idea .
For example , the big boss of apple became a millionnaire developing a small new computer .
Moreover , trying new things makes the technology progress .
The problem is that not anyone is capable of brilliants ideas .
We always think of successful entreprising people , but we should ask ourselves how many people who took risks really got glory .
What about the persons who invest thousands of dollars in projects who turned to be desasters ?
The ideas that collapsed were n't all bad or stupid .
Sometimes a great innovation just do n't come at the good time .
Bright ideas in 1928 were made to failled because of the crisis coming the year after .

I would like to stress another point .
It is not enough to try new things and take risks to find success .
The best way of being able to build a new thing is to be an expert in his discipline .
Continuing doing what we know to do well can lead us to imagine what could be done better , what is missing .

To conclude , success happens when one act whitjkl
In my opinion this statement is right .
I think if you always do the same things , that you have done since years you have to work harder to succeed .
This work becomes boring and you can not imagine changing anything if you always do the same thing .

For instance , if you always work in a company checking cars , this can become very boring and monoton even if you earn a lot of money , work hard and you do your job well .
But one day you will feel senseless and hopeless for a better future .
If you do not risk or better take the chance and apply for an other job , there will never be any improvment of your situation .
In this situation , success will be denied .
You will never get a better job with better conditions .
In this situation you should change your point of view and try new things .
With an application you could get a job with better conditions .
But you have to risk that the earning can also be lower .

This fact brings me to my point of view .
In general , it is better to take risks .
If you are felixible and try new things you have the opportunity to alternate your work and even improve it .
These changes leads to new ideas and point of views , which can have positive impact on the work and especially on the personality .

As an example I can mention students who do not want to go abroad but can be convinced , that it is good for themselves as a person and for their curriculum vitae .
This can be called personal success .
Going abroad means to take the risk of being alone at the beginning , of starting a new life in a foreign country and even of speaking a foreign language .
This way they have to learn self-reliance and become more self-confident .
These values can lead to success in application in big companies .
This access can bring them to richness and satisfaction , which can be experienced as success .
People who stayed at home studying well with gaining the best grades will probably not be as sucessfull as people being abroad .
I think this is very convincing for the rightness of the statement .
Now I want to discuss the theory that young people enjoy their life more than older people do .

First of all I want to define the expression `` enjoying one 's life '' .
All people have got different interests and hobbies .
All people have other needs to be happy .
So it differs from person to person , whether he or she is happy with a certain situation or not .

I want to give an example .
Jimmy and Kelly are on a lonely island and there is nothing else than a football .
Jimmy might enjoy his life because he would have nothing else to do than to improve his soccer skills .
But Kelly on the other hand would be bored and wished to get home as soon as possible .

So one and the same situation does n't create the same mood within different people .
Once a boy 's needs are fulfilled it does n't mean that a girl would be happy as well .
It depends on what each person likes to do .
Of course younger people have the opportunity to go swimming or to go to disco on weekends .
But maybe - when they are old - they do n't want to go to disco anymore .
They might be satisfied by just lying on the couch and watching TV .
This might sound a little bit ridiculous , but I think older people have been working for so many years that they are glad if they are able to relax and just lay down for a while .

In contrast to that any young person would say that this kind of life is boring .
There we see the difference between the needs a pupil has and the needs a grandmother has .

So we ca n't say that young people enjoy life more than older people do in general .
Everyone has to decide on his or her own what he or she would like to do and in addition to that has to take into consideration that he or she might not be able to do so .
So enjoying one 's life does n't only depend on one 's age but also on one 's circumstances .
I agree with the condition , young people do enjoy life more than older people .
Not only because older people had lived longer , but also young people are more active .
Yet , young people like to try anything new , they are more willing to accept the changes of the world .

Because older people have lived longer , so they had try anything new during their `` younger life . ''
As they grow older , they are more mature , they know what is the most important in their life .
For example , a young man of age 18 will go to night club more often than a man who is 23 , the reason is because that the man knows there is just a place for rest and maye he needs to work on the next day .
On the other hand , the young man will think the night club is very fansy and fun , because there is lots hot girl or any other reason that attract his attention .
In this case young man knows how to release himself in a night club , but the man did not get rest totally in the club .

Young people are usually more active than the older people , because they have more energy , yet , they are easily to take attention on new things than the older people .
For examplel , lets say a 18 young man and a 25 man , they both like to read novels , but maybe the man would not to go to the store to rent it , and just have fun sitting there to read , or go online , do some novel search .
Oppositie , the young man may go to the store and sit there 4 hours just watching novels and enjoy in it .
Older people can not do anything they want freely , because they need to think more and they have to have the motivate to do it .

No matter what the change is , older people do not like it and they can not survive from it , but young people , even if they do not like the change , they can still survive from it .
For example , grandmother did not think that her granddaughter can go to school and married at age of 16 or 17 .
Different from the mother , she would let her daughter go to school , and to be educated , not marrying until the age of 28 , so then the grandmother would always complain to the mother that she should not let her daughter to go to school .

All in all , older people can not enjoy their life , not because they had lived what the young is living but because they are not as active as the young do .
Moreover , older people do not like anything new or to be changed , they are stuck in their own world .
Which is different from the young people , who is enjoy their life , play around , and try any new things .
I agree that `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' because their main purpose is to sell people their product of service , and they would do whatever it takes to increase their profits .

A typical example of this marketing strategy would be the advertisements used in the food industry .
Some cans , boxes or bags show their products really big , juicy and seeming tasty .
However , when the costumer opens the product , he sees that the product is much smaller and most of the time is not even similar to the product they were showing in the package .

Some fast food restaurants also show tasty pictures of their products , usually hamburguers , hot dogs , or sandwiches .
These meals seem to be much bigger than they really are , with fresh vegetables and soft bread .
But when the costumer actuallly recieves the meal , it turns out to be a small common burger .

No only the food industry uses those tricks .
A major industry that not only highlights the product itself , but the benefits it offers to the final user , is the beauty industry .
This industry includes make ups , magic pills , gel or creams and all sort of products that promess to make someone beautiful , skinnier of younger .
When trying to sell their newest product .
It is typical to see the `` before and after '' ads , showing a fat lady and then after taking the pills , or applying the gel or cream , she looks much better , skinny and healthy .

A variety of examples could be provided of how marketing people maximize the products ' capacities .
But the thing is that they actually do it and it is not properly regulated .
This is not only unethical for the costumer who buys the product , but for the potential costumer who is thinking about purchasing it .

In my opinion , the solution for this problem is legal regulation .
I think that all products ' ads that show better products than they actually are , should be taken away from the stores .
Besides , if any client complains about a product that did not met his or her expecations based on the product advertisement , should get their money back .

If a proper solution is not implemented , more people will be affected and finally , the company will loose actual and potential costumers , since no one wants to be mocked again .
And a costumer that is lost , is lost forever .
People today are faced with a stark choice as they can not decide to use their cars or try other ways to transport .
Having been a user of car for six years , I am well aware of its many drawbacks .
It is very costly due to high oil prices and risky as many accidents happen .
In addition to these , toxic gases from the cars pollute enviroments .
Due to all these reasons , I agree that car use will decrease in next twenty years .

To begin with , oil prices will get higher as the source of oil on the earth will decrease and this will make using cars much more expensive .
As result of this , people will choose to walk for shorter distances or use public transport in longer distances .
These options are cheaper than using car .
In additon to oil prices , parking price is another factor which increases cost of using cars .
As cities will get bigger , number of parking spaces will decrase which will increase their price .
In this way , many people will also choose public transport to avoid paying high parking prices .

Besides being costly , using cars is also risky as many people die or seriously injured in car accidents everyday .
Many people think that while using cars , they are under a serious risk of having accident .
The reason of the crash or the carelessness causing crash may not always stem from you but you also get injured when the other driver has a fault .
This shows that there is always a certain risk in driving car .
In this way , planes will be mostly preferred in future as they offer a safer alternative .

Most importantly , cars pollute the environment as they release toxic wastes .
These wastes cause air pollution which brings about serious lung diseases .
In other words , when you use car , you cause deaths or illnesses of some people .
Therefore , in next years , as people will not be able to stop production facilities which are also an important air polluter , people will try to reduce the air pollution caused by cars .

In this way , people may start to use bicycles which do not pollute the environment and additionally , is benefical for their health as provides regular exercise .
For example , I have many friends who started to use bicycles for both his health and the health of posterity .

To sum up , in next years , less people are likely to use cars as it is costly , risky and harmful for the environment .
I think that most people are likely to use bicycles as it is cheaper and do not harm the environment .
In this way , they can leave the clean air to the posterity .
The statement , `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' , is a controversial one , but personally I agree with it .
Thera are many reasons for my to believe that ideas and concepts are more important when students are in a learning process .

Firstly , when understanding and idea , you should support it with a wide range of examples , but all the facts that could be mentioned are never more worth than the idea itself , just because is the idea the main source for all the facts .
Consequently I understand that the comprenhension of the ideas is the key for all the facts .

On the other hand , I really belive that concepts , even though when they are drawn through empiric examples and high complicated laboratory experiments , will be always concepts .
As a matter of fact , those concepts will be ready to be applicated on any new fact .
So even though we learn from facts and experiences to get empiric conclusions and therefore new concepts , I have observed during my life that concepts will remain over any fact .

Besides the arguments listed above , I also support the rule of being up to date on learning ideas and concepts because understanding the causes you will always ready to discover new facts and the insight reasoning of them .
Otherwise we could get lost in a pool of numbers and figures without knowing how to solve many questions and challenges and turning an easy situaition in a difficult problem , just because the lack of ideas and concepts to overcome it .

In conclusion , I close recomend to all students to enhance their abilities to understand the core ideas and concepts on whatever the might be interested on , and to get the skills for future successful career development .
Some people like to travel in a group with a tour guide .
On the other hand , others like to travel with only friends and family .
Tour guides bother travelers from traveling freely .
Also , in many cases the people in the group traveling together do not know each other , therefore it is less relaxing .
Moreover , hiring a tour guide is expensive .
Overall , traveling without a tour guide is a better way to enjoy a trip .

First of all , travelers are unable to freely go where they want because the plans are already made .
Tour guides are people that ` guide ' travelers .
These people make plans beforehand and guide people according to it .
Thus , this bothers travelers from taking time in a new place enjoying themselves .

Second , it is hard to relax .
Relaxing is the actual meaning of traveling .
However , most of the time , people traveling with a tour guide also go together with many people they do not know .
This is rather uncomfortable than traveling with friends and family .
It is difficult to forget about daily life and relax with lots of new people around .

Finally , it is expensive to hire a tour guide .
With the money to hire a tour guide , travelers can spend it on other activities .
For example , people can buy more gifts to give friends and family , enjoy the famous dishes of the region , go to museums and watch plays .

To sum up , going on a trip led by a tour guide is not the best way to travel .
It is better to travel with friends and family to get some relax in a long time .
Adventuring a new place is the reason people enjoy traveling .
Wandering around enjoying and seeing new things with the money to hire a tour guide will leave a more impressive memory of the trip .
Consequently , traveling without a tour guide lets travelers have more fun .
` Young people enjoy life more than older people do ' .
The first question which I have to ask myself is : how to define young , respectively old ?
A girl born in Europe in the year 2006 will become approximately 90 years old .
A couple of decades ago this figure seemed to be unbelievable .
( Note : Also for the majority of the world 's population such an age is quite unlikely . )

Still scientists in Europe agree on describing life of consisting of different ` spheres of age ' .
First period : 0-20 , Second period 20-45 and third period up from 45 .
Even within this categories there are many , many splits like the ` third age ' from 80 onwards .

From my point of view young people are between the age of 0 and 45 , old people from the age of 45 up to X .

So far we see that life expectation has increased but the question is if young people enjoy life more than older people do .
As we live nowadays in a fast changing world ( e.g. globalisation ) this has also influenced the ` joy of life ' .
For instance in Europe in the late 1950s up to the late 1980s it was easy to predict somebodys curriculum , the likelihood of job-hopping was quite low , also the worrry about environment like global warming did not play such an important role as it does nowadays .

As a result of the change of ` outer-circumstances ' ( globalisation , growth of life-expectancy , environmental questions , etc . )
also the way how people ( can ) enjoy their life has changed .

From my point of view in the year of 2007 young people can not enjoy life as much as old people do .
Young people can not be sure about there future .
Things like job opportunities , environmental damages , wars on resources like Oil , a fast and sudden changing world et cetera make life much more unpredictable as it used to be .
Still young people can enjoy life but only in short terms : young people can enjoy their weekends , their holidays and their free-time in general .
But can they enjoy their long-term future ?
Can they enjoy their studies at University by being always aware of the job-opportunities ?

In contrast I think older people can be more sure about there future .
Some of them might still need to work some years until they reach a sudden age ( e.g. 65 ) and from then on they can enjoy their pension .
In contrast to their younger relevants they do not have to care so much about personal impacts of long-term future and it 's problems like wars on resources ( e.g. there will be still oil for app .
30 years ) nor do they have to be always ` fit for the market ' .

Nowadays some researcher also say that old people are more financialy potential than young people which often makes life easier and more enjoyable .

Finaly I would like to say that this gap between old and young people scares me a little bit - on the one side young people with an unknown future on the other side the old generation with plenty of time and money to enjoy future ...
I am in complete agreement of the statement that its more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , due to several reasons .

First , understanding of any concept or idea or one can say the concept behind the idea will ultimately lead to the `` fact '' .
At this stage students will be able to figure out the underlying principles behind the fact .
In other words they will be able to understand the principle governing a fact .
For example , if you throw anything upwards it will come down , this is a fact .
Now in other words we can define this phenomenon by first introducing the concept of Gravitational Force .
Moreover if add a little detail to the concept that if something is thrown at its certain velocity will not return to earth , it becomes more interesting .
Now at this stage the student has understanding of the concept fo gravitaion .
He will be able to understand the rules guiding the fact and he would move one step further to understand that critical `` velocity '' .
This makes learning more fun and open doors for exploring ideas .

Secondly , learning only facts without their understanding will invoke sense of mugging .
The students will not bother about the hidden principles and this will restrict their scope of education .
In the general situation also we hardly bother about other routs to a destination if we have a shortcut , if it fullfils your requirement , even though its congested and polluted .
So its a general human tendency .

Finally , if we limit our scope of knowledge then what would happen to the billions of books in the liberary ?
Isnt it worth thinking of ?
Access to the knowledge is a fundamental rite , limiting learning to facts only will definetely hamper in one or the other way of a persons fundamental rite .
The advertisements are widely used from the beginning of the humanity to sell products .
They are very crucial in the marketing world .
Ads simply use the gaps in the human psychology as a weapon to make the humans buy the products .
But in the advertisement world , marketing strategies are very important .
These can completely bankrupt the company or can make the company the worlds most successful company in the world .

First of all , it is important to examine the human behaviours to use the advertisement as a selling tool .
Humans are very interesting creature .
They never know where to stop .
They always want more and more .
The searching for the highest never stops .
Ads use this defect in the human psychology .
Even if the products that are advertised are not tremendous , it is the ads ' quality that make these products sold .
The advertisement companies or agents know that if they can make the ads brilliant , more and more people will want to buy them .
They know that people want to use better products that they are currently usign , so even though the products are not sufficient in quality , more appealing ads prompt the people to buy them .

Secondly marketing strategies are very important to determine the products ' selling rates .
For example , I have been always eating the same brand of sweet throughout my life .
Last year a new brand of candy is exposed to the public and the ads of this sweet was starred by a famous person .
The ad was perfect and appealing and I decided to go and buy that sweet .
I ate it but it was the worst thing that I have ever seen in my life .
After that I searched the financial position of this company and I stumped what I saw .
The ads increased the profits of this company by 200 % .
What an amazing situation , is n't it ?

To sum up , I believe that the advertisements are key features of the selling process .
The ads can make the product more qualified even if it does n't .
The advertisement companies usually benefits the desire in the humans to sell the products .
I am also a human and distracted by the tricks the ads do on me , but I think that buying and trying the new product will not harm anybody .
If you do n't like never buy it , that is how the advertisements work .
It is hard to say that which one is better .
But if I were given a chance to choose one of them , I would rather to say that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because understanding ideas and concepts are more beneficial than learning facts .

Let 's shed some light on the disadvantage of learning facts .
It can be misleading information only if the fact is an exception of the ideas and concepts .
For example , let 's assume that some frogs are dark brown but most frogs are green .
If a child looks at the dark brown frog , he of she might consider all frogs as dark brown frogs .
As this example , wrong information may be worse than not knowing .
Also , it has small advantage which is that people learn more vividly .

On the other hand , to understand ideas and concepts helps people understand facts more .
If someone has no idea about specific idea and concept , he or she might not be able to catch that which ideas of concepts belong to the fact .
Unlikely , if I understood some ideas and concepts , I could handle the fact better .
From my experience , when I was on camping , I needed a fire .
I realized that I forgot to bring a liter .
Then , I could make a fire easily with glasses because I understood the concept of light reflection .
It was very useful .
I was proud myself .

As all is concerned , I prefer to understand ideas and concepts .
In my opinion its advantage always overweigh the advantage of to learn facts .
I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
They want to live life fully to the end and enjoy it .
I have good reasons to support this idea .

First of all , young people have more enthusiasm to try new things and enjoy them .
For example , if you have asked a 20 years old college kid if he wants to do rafting , he would go for it .
However , if you have asked the same question to a 50 years old man , he would probably say that he is too old to try it .
So , this is the first reason why I believe that younger people enjoy life more .

Secondly , young people are more spontenaous .
For example , if a friend have called and asked to go out for dinner in half an hour , a young person would say `` ok , I 'll see you there in half an hour '' , but an older person would stay home with the family because they have responsibilities .
Thus , young person would have fun and enjoy the dinner .

Also , I believe that as people get older , they become less energetic which keeps them away from enjoying life .
For example , my grandmother is 75 years old and I can never take her out to do shopping which I enjoy a lot .
She finds it very exhausting and prefers to stay home by herself .
Then , she thinks about my grandfather who passed away 10 years ago and gets depressed .
This is another reason why older people can not enjoy life as much as young people .

Finally , the friends have great impacts .
When you are 20 years old , you would have friends around your age , almost the same maturity .
Even if you were a boring person , they would push you to enjoy the life and have fun .
However , when you get older , you can not have the same realtionship with the friends .

In conclusion , I believe that younger people enjoy life more than the older ones .
I believe that everything is possible and easier to do when you are young .
So , we should not postpone anything for later .
A person can enhance his academic knowledge in two ways .
These are having a broad knowledge of many subjects and specializing in one specific subject .
Both of these ways have their own advantages and disadvantages .
However , I think that having general information about different topics has more advantages compared to specializing in one specific subject .

In one hand , knowing general things about many subjects may increase a student 's overall perception of topics around .
Having a general perception of different subjects is also a way taken by ancient Greek scientists .
If we examine their life and researches , we find out that there is no scientist which just specialized and worked for a particular subject .
With having broad knowledge about different topics , they have founded the main elements of our civilization .
But in our world , people sometimes need specialized partners in order to accomplish a part of the project that was designed to be built simultaneously by different people who know their subject very well .

On the other hand , specializing in one particular area may also increase a person 's academic knowledge .
Specialized people are less prone to errors in their particular area than people who have general information about that particular area .
However specializing have a negative effect on inventing new things .
When somebody is specialized in one particular area , it is sometimes hard to find innovative things due to a lack of general knowledge about different subjects .
The process of invention most of the time requires knowledge about different disciplines .
The areas of science like biochemistry and electromechanics are great examples of these .

In conclusion , I think having broad knowledge about different subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .
It increases the ability to invent and helps to see the big picture more neatly where specializing produces identical people .
I firmly belive that , nowadays , young people do a lot to help their communities .
I am afraid that the amount of help that young people provide is not enough , but after all , how can you say how much help is enough ?

First of all , in modern times young people have the oppoourtunity to help their communities while they do military service .
It is true that this help might be obligatory , but it is help , nevertheless .
Military service has evolved all around the world , and in several countries , quite radically .
For example , in my home country ( Mexico ) young people have the option to either enroll in the military or do their service for social causes .
More than half the young people prefer to teach to the poor or build houses for the needed than marching and shooting fire guns .
This same trend is currently spreading in all Latin America .

Second , nowadays there are a lot more oportunities to help than in earlier times .
There a numerous benefitial institutions recruiting young people .
I had the opportunity to do voluntary work for UNICEF , and I was surprised with the amount of young people working there for free .
I was even more surprised when I found out that they were overstaffed , and that this overstaff was often sent to brand new goodwill institutions .
Another example happened just two weeks ago , in Germany .
A bunch of shool kids engaged in several events in order to earn money .
All of the money was given to poor childer in Africa .
The motto of the action was `` Kids helping Kids '' .
This innovative project was very popular , and it is being copied all around the country .
I am sure that it will not take long for it to spread in all Europe .

A third and final proof is Rock Concerts .
If you watch MTV , you would realize that there are several Rock Concert events that donate their profits for good causes .
One of them took place just a few years ago , in London .
I do n't remember the exact amount that they got toghether , but I do rememebr that it was in the millions of dollars .
All of the artitst performed for free , and all of the profits were donated to the poorest countries in Africa .
The event also made political pressure on rich countries , in order to make them forgive the national debt of the poorest african nations .

For these reasons , I think young people do a lot to help , not only their communities , but the whole world .
On the other hand , I do not belive that this help is enough .
I belive that there is still a lot that can be done .
Travelling implies discoveries .
I have myself travelled a lot to different continents , I have however never been in a group directed by a guide .
The good point of having a guide is that everything you look at - the other type of architecture , the other culture , other rituels - are described and explained by the guide .
From what people told me about it , I guess that going on trip with a guide is a more relaxing way to discover new habits than looking by yourself into books to try to understand what is all around you .
Nevertheless , the point of view you get is the one of only one person .

As far as I am concerned , I prefer going to new places without a guide .
I like getting to know the culture by myself .
You take the time to discover .
In consequence , you interfer with the new culture and catch , understand the habits of the people around you .
It 's a more personal approach to the culture .
This point brings my second thought on the subject : I prefer travelling with a friend rather than with a group .

Travelling with a group means that you follow timetables .
You do not see what you necessarily would have liked to see .
Most of all you remain with people who have the same culture .

As a conclusion , my conception of travelling means that you should enter another world .
I come from Paris and lived in India for three months with two friends working in hospitals .
We dressed with the clothes everyone wore , so that people thought at one pointthat we had been living in India for a long time .
The experienced and time spent with people implies that we were three and not a group of fifteen people .
We were no tourists somehow but observers , discoverers , walking , eating with the people who live there .
Marketing is the main factor to make this a rule .
I personaly think that products have to look better in the images because the market competition you can found in the real world .

I have found many times my self with a product that is not event the half of good that I was expecting and this is the result of advertising .
Under controled cirumstances the color , the texture even the results of the product are controled by advertisers whom are responsables for the introduction of the product to the market .
And you belive it .

Some times products realy are what they announce and I think these are the expensive ones , not all the time but frecuently the more you pay the more you receive .
Some brands give us the idea of quality and we buy that because quality is important .

I do n't mean with this that we have to pay extra money in order to get better items , some times a particular brand have `` more name '' than others and this the only reason that justifyes this product to be more expesive but not because is the better .

We can find in the market a lot of different brands and quality equipment that can let us solve our needing .
It is in more of the cases the power of adquisition ( the amount of money ) we have the one that rules our buying behaivor .
You have more money , you can buy more expensive things , but not nessesarily the best .

It is a game that we play very often considering all the time the expese versus the quality , some times we just buy an item that bearly gives solution to our need but we are not willing to expend more money on it .

So it is importat to put in a balance what we are looking for and try not to be catched by the ilussion of advertisements because most of the time they are more atractive that thery realy are .
It is widely believed that Young people enjoy their lives more than older people do .
It is widley belived and we all know that the wider the beliefs can not be the truths all the time .
This is one such instance .

It is a popular notion because we , the most people , associate enjoyment with physical activity .
As the old people can not move fastly or most of the time they are confined to a place we tend to believe that they are not enjoying .
It is because we start comparing ourselves with them .
And it is even strengthened by `` Young-ones - play-old-see '' .

But the argument holds no water at all .
Because , enjoyment is not a mere activity of jumping around or moving vigorously .
It is more than that .
Most old one may not play the foot ball but they enjoy a lot seeing the young ones playing .
Like we do watching foot ball on the TV .
We are not on the national sides or clubs but we do enjoy the success of the our favorite club star .
Are n't we enjoying the success of our `` rolemodel '' .
Yes we do .
Like us they do .

Enjoyment has a lot do to with meantal activity , how one perceives the things and he takes them into his / her stride .
For example , Take the instance of my neighbouring old couple they enjoy a lot by reading novels , watching TV , listening music , Oh !
that envious cosy evening walks .
When asked about it their comment was in unision `` We are enjoying like never before '' .
Reason was simple when they were young they never had that leisure time .
They were either busy with the jobs or raising their children .
Can anybody dare say its not enjoyment .

Another similar instance is My own grandfather enjoys a lot by catching up with his old friends .
Whcih he could n't do when he was young because of his packed schedule .
Another great example is my grandfather enjoys , may be defeating me , hands down most of the time , chess as much as I do .
Even the research has come out with the great findings that are `` Happier ones live long '' .

On the lighter side , they do n't have exams to write big problem to the so called enjoying young ones .
Enjoyment is all in the mind not the body , It has to do with mental activity rather than physical activity .
Its how one feels not others .
There is a general consideration that young people like life than older people .
Undoubtedly , there are some challenging examples of that statement but it might be accepted as true .
According to data from the survey which measures and compares the satisfaction levels of young and old people , young people are more satisfied than old people .
The results of the survey highlights three main reasons for that .
These are related to life expectation , experience and health .

Firstly , expectations of life vary according to age .
As indicated in survey , there is a strong correlation between expectation such as having a good career and a family and age .
People in older age have minimum level of expectations since they think that they are close to complete their lives .
On the other hand , respondents ranging from 15 to 26 age think that they have plenty of time to do whatever they want .
One good example belongs to a guy who is 16 years old .
He wants to be a president of his country in five years .
Although it sounds unrealistic , it shows his high expectation towards life .

Secondly , young people have less life experiences than older people and tend to feel more excited about the events which they do not have to deal with yet .
Additionally , they like adventures and risky events which they do not predict the results .
Therefore , they can be more productive than older people by creating ideas and innovating new things .
In other words , the idea of having less life experience encourages them to elaborate their ideas .
Thus , this process may reveal brilliant ideas .

Thirdly , young people feel themselves more healthier than old people .
It motivates them to take a role in social events and meet people who they do not know .
They have a variety of opportunities to spend their lives out .
This enables them to improve their skills about life .

Consequently , it seems that young people are more willing to be in real life because of their immaturity .
However , it provides a platform for them to shape their personality and increases the satisfaction of the life .
When applying to university , there are always many choices of study offered to students .
Some will be more likely to get engaged in a field such as litterature , while other will choose medecine .
I think , these two fields are really different from each other according to what you learn in each of them .
For the first , you will have to understand ideas and concept , and for the second , you will have to learn and deal with facts .
In my opinion , it is far more interesting to study facts .

First of all , when you are engaged in a field such as medecine that implies human life , you have to deal with new things everyday .
I think learning fact allows you to understand how things happened , and eventually to solve problems .
Of course , at the begining of a medical degree , you will have to learn rudimantary skills , which are somehow related to wordy idea and concepts , but then you will have to practice them , so that you will understand better what you were talking about before .
I think learn fact lead to more concrete activities .
Not just medecine is concerned .
Take the exemple of Law .
Usually , the begining of Law studies implies a lot of paper courses , lot of concepts .
These could remain very obscure for student if he does n't have any chance to practice them and to make them real .

Secondly , i think it is far easier for a teacher to communicate with students and to get their interest about a topic when it implies facts .
Of course the undertstanding of ideas and concept is very important to succeed in a class , but the lack of fact could make the previous work just redundant and less interresting .
It stimulates the student 's ability to understand better , and even more , to look foward to others subjects or disciplines .

To conclude , i think the understanding of ideas and concepts , and the study of facts are both important factors in the process of once studies .
However , it is way more interesting for students to learn fact , because it enable them to have a better understanding of what they already know , and it also allows eventually them to put their vast range of knowledge in practice .
Actually , i do n't think that the statement `` youg people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communties '' , is completely truth .
Personally , during the week I am always busy because of the university and the work , and during the weekend I usually enjoy with my friends and unfortunatly , this kind of life is similar to all my friends lifes and the main part of young people lifes .

But I have acquitance with some boys , who really feel the needed to help other people an the communities .
For example , one of them , who is just 23 years old , decided to give all his free time working in a hospital as volunteers .
Now they are 3 years that he enjoy working there .
He spends all the weekeds , every saturday night working for the community .

Another boy I knew last year , left as voluntear an now he has been working for 6 months in the south America .
In the village where I live , lot of people give part of their money in charity : Rotary association is very popular , and there is one minority club that it is only for young people .
But also lots of other associations are supported by everyone .
I think that this kind of actions mean that we can support an improvement not only giving our time but also giving a financial support , and that we are not indifferent about the topic .

Probably , the majority of people are not used to think very often about helping their communities , and facts refelect this ; but in this last years the government has put lots of advertisements on the radio and on television , and my view is that now people are getting more confident with the problem that we have in our own communities .

I think that we are paying more attention at this topic in this year than in the past .
So probably young people in general have n't lot of time to helping their comunity , but they are interested in doing this , and someone of them choose helping people as the main activity of their life .
The advertisement is first made to introduce the product to the customers , as the mess media keep developing and became popular source of advertising the advertisement skill is also developing .
There are three ingredients of advertisement that is essential to convince the customers the products seems better than what the product really is .

First one is the visual impact of the product .
This usually can be seen in homeshopping programmes in television , such as food .
All the products that are introduced in the programmes seems tasty and good , the products that are shown in the progammes are well-made .
However , this might not be true sometimes when one actually got the product , the customers might be dissapointed to see different , or less-well-made , product as one never thought it to be .

Secondly , the sound impact of the advertisement can also convince the customer to misconception of the product .
Many scients indicated the power of sound can change the mood of a person .
Sometimes the advertisers use popular songs , raps , or even classical music on their TV advertisement in order to make the customer 's mind into calmness , excitement or eagerness .
The customers , when they sees the CFs , might like the product just because he/she are unconsciously fallen into the background music .

Lastly , the impact of the famous person .
For those who only cares about what the product is , not who the product introduce the product , this might seems awkward .
However , people who are casted by the CF managers earn millions of dollars , this indicates the power of the celebertises in the advertisement market .
Most commonly , in movies if a famous actor/actress or even some famous basketball player is casted , that movie seems to be successful just by advertising whether the movie is well-made or not .
To summarize my opinion , I firmly believe that the advertisements are convincing the customers into a misconception of the product , by making the product seems better than what they really are .
The overusing of this three ingredients of advertisement are now becoming the one of the biggest problem that United States and all the world 's media has .
There are a lot of ways to travel and a lot of places to visit , with the development of the transportation means , distances have been reduced considerably , and it is much easier to travel all around the world in an easier , cheaper and faster way .
Maybe when traveling to another place you could wonder what is best to travel in a group lead by a tour guide or to travel by your self ?
I think in order to answer this question you have to take into consideration several factors as where you want to go and how much you are willing to spend , among other things .

I think it is really important to choose a destination because there are some places where a guide would be necessary , as a colonial city or a city filled whith history and monuments to visit , but if you are going to a beach or a place just to relax , you may not need a guide to show you the city .

The amount of money you are willing to spend on your jounrey can also determine whether you hire a guide or not , if you are traveling on an austere way , it would be better if you did not hire a guide , but if you had a lot of money to spend and you want to visit every inch of the city it would be a great idea to travel in a group led by a tour guide .

For what is written above it can be seen thet , there are some things that have to be considered when deciding if traveling on a group with a guide or traveling by yourself , but there are also some other factors , as the saftey of the place you are visiting , as well as the knowledge of the language and the culture you are going to visit that can make you decide what is better to travel by yourself or to travel as a group on a guided visit .
I would disagree with the statement , `` In twenty years there will be a fewer cars in use than there are today '' , for many reasons .
Firstly , i believe that the automobile industry is burgeoning and the number of cars manufactured by them is increasing in an exponential manner and therfore the use of the cars is increasing as well .

The population of the world has increased and hence the demand for owning a car as increased as well .
In the present world people who even earn a mimimal annual income are also buying cars because of the offers such as paying in installments , available to them from the various car vendors .
Hence the use of the cars have gone up and will continue to rise as there will be better offers available to middle-class people .

Another reason according to me would be that , the variety of the cars available in the market keeps getting upgraded frequently .
Every new car has a newer technology or some additional feature that makes it better than its predecessor .
This attracts people to buy a new one in addition to the one they might already own .
This leads to more cars on road and therfore adding to the use of them and we can imagine much better cars in twenty years from now as well .

Another example i would like to sate is that in a country like India there is no law against cars older that 15 years .
This adds to the fact that since the cars are not being recycled or carshed , the number of cars on road are just adding up and so is the use of them .
Therfore the number of cars would reach a very high level in twenty years .

Concluding , i would like to say that , according to me the use of the cars will not decrease in twenty years from now but rather increase in an unusual manner .
Nowadays it 's verry common to travel in a group .
It 's possible to travel all over the world in many different groups .
For many people it 's the best way to travel .
They mean it 's more interesting and it 's also easier to organize .
You just have to go to a travel agent and sign up for the trip .
For me it 's not the right way to travel .
I like to go my own way may be together with a friend .
I do n't like to travel in a big group .
Together with a friend you have more freedom to organize your own route .
On the other hand , it 's normaly much cheaper .

The first reason I prefer to travel for myself is the freedom .
I had the expirience in a group .
We just saw that what the guide want to show .
All the places we saw were verry crowded with other tourists .
When you organize a trip together with a friend you can choose your own route , you can decide what you will see .
You also can choose some hidden places , but this places are sometimes much more interesting .
You can choose places they are not so crowded with many other people .
You can say when you will arrive and when you will go .
You are more independent when you travel for yourself .

The second reason is because it 's normaly cheaper to travel for yourself .
I prefer to sleep in a hostel .
I was last week in hawaii .
I slept in a hostel .
One night was just twenty dollars .
To travel with a group in Hawaii is verry expensive .
I could afford this trip to Hawaii just because I selpt in a hostel .
Otherwise the trip would be to expensive .
When you sleep in a hostel you can normaly use a kitchen there .
The food is this way also much cheaper .
Normaly you spend an abundant amount of money just to feed yourself .
When you cook for yourself it 's cheaper and you can cook what ever you like .

You can take also a public bus to travel .
This way is much cheaper than a expensive tourbus .
In conclusion I prefer to travel for myself because I can go my own way .
I 'm not dependent form a whole group and a guide .
It 's also affordable for my wallet .
TRaveling is verry nice and every person sould do .
Instead of having broad knowledge of many academic subjects , I prefer to become an specialist in one specific subject .
Of course , this decision depends on each person and the enviroment where he use this knowledge .

When you study several subject , you manage to achieve a quality of education that let you be useful for many jobs .
You are not specialized for a particular task and you have enough knowledge to understand problems in different areas and manage to find a solution .

Another advantage of this education method is that you can work with specialist of different areas and understand , no without difficulty , what they are talking about .
You can be helpful bringing to the discussion ideas that are based on your broader education and experience .
For example , software developers usually know how to use different programming languages and design techniques and many ways to combine them .
This make them very valuable because they can work on different parts of the system they are developing .
Instead , an specialist would be useful to solve a particular problem , but nothing else .

On the other hand , there are many jobs that need to be done by an specialist in the subject .
A clear example of this occurs in medicine , where just an specialist can operate a patient or know how to treat some uncommon illness .

When the task you are accomplishing requires a lot of knowledge and practice , you need to be an specialist to be successful .
If you are a researcher , you will need to study a lot about the area where you are working to learn about different approches that can be taken to resolve a problem or discuss with other researchers .
If you are a lawyer , you have to be an specialist with the laws you are dealing with .

As I have stated , both options are possible .
Depending on the task that has to be done an specialist will be better or worst than a person with a broader knowlegde .
It is good to have knowledge on many academic subjects , however , upto what extent we need that amount of knowledge is questionable .
In my opinion , specilizing in one specific subject will bring lots of good academic works .

Suppose that you are a person who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
This means that you studied a lot and learned a lot of things .
But first question appearing is that does that person really need that amount of knowledge ?
And , more importantly , by using that knowledge , can he focus on the topics properly ?
I claim that speclization will bring efficiency , time management , and gains in focus .

For instance , in societies , almost everybody is specialized on a specific job .
In other words , as a rational people , everybody wants to do the job in which he has a comperative advantage .
By doing so , not only the person will be happier but also the society will be more close to a Pareto efficient allocation .
On the other hand ; if people know a broader knowledge of many things , then they might have some useless information and lose their focus on subjects .

Another example would be related to an academician 's situation .
when writing a paper , almost always specifing on a certain topic is as much as desirable .
For instance .
If that person specifies in the field of industrial organization and game theory , the papers that he will be writing will certainly be affected by the knowledge that he created in that field before .
However ; if he focuses on different fields and tries to specialize in a lot of fields at the same time , there might emerge some problems regarging to the accumulation of knowledge in the future .
Everytime he writes on a specific area , he needs to focus on that field again , and this will take considerable amounts of time and bring inefficiencies .

In conclusion , I think that it is better not only for people but also for societies to specilize on certain subjects .
It might sound good to know everything at the first place , however , a deeper thinking on this topic shows that there might be losses on the time and efficiency concerns .
Successful people do not have to be the ones who `` try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well '' .
People can convey other characteristics to be successful .

A successful person can be a person who is specialized in only one field .
Some fields are so deep and if a person spends a lot of time on that particular field can be an expert in it and masters it better than anybody else .
Bill Gates is a great example .
He specialized in computer programming and has made Microsoft the greatest and largest company in the world .
As Microsoft being his only concentration he was able to expand it and as a result he has become successful in that field .

Studying and learning about new things rather than trying them could be a good idea for a successful person .
It is true that a person should try things for better experience , but sometimes trying can be dangerous without thorough studying of the topic .
For example , trying to make an explosion which then explodes before expecting it to do so will definitely not make the person successful after his/her death in that accident .
Therefore , risks in such a case would not be a good idea to success .

Good communication skills along with good knowledge background and ability to choose correct desicions can help in the success of a person .
A successful person should be able to convey the message correctly , persuade .
Otherwise , if the person is not able to communicate with the world and cannot get his/her ideas to the world , no one would be able to know about any them .
They would pass by unnoticed .

Successful people do not have to be the ones who take risks .
It is not a necessity to being successful , however , it might be needed in some situations .
While some people have a deep and specific knowledge of one subject , others have a broad knowledge of many subjects .
The question arises which of those options is better .
I persoally agree with the statement and think that a broad knowledge is better .

If you have a deep knowledge of one specific topic , you surely are a specialist in your specific field of interest .
You may call yourself an expert .
You can work on one topic that you like and that maybe has become part of your life .
However , the disadvantage is that you only have specific knowledge , which in the worst case could lead to a lack of understanding for other topics .
As life has lots of facets , it would be useful in my opinion to have a broad knowledge of topics which concern the world we live in .

Although with a broad knowledge you are never excellent in one specific topic and may not see your own academic development in your field of interest , you gain an insight in various subjects and , which is most important , you can also use your knowledge in daily life situations .
That knowledge can in a way widen your horizon and maybe it could as well be very useful .
If you can speak lots of language for example , this could be handy for you when you go on holidays and find yourself in conversations with native speakers .
In this daily life situation it is more useful to speak a few languages in an average way than to speak one language perfectly .

I think you cannot say in general if it is always better to have a broad knowledge or a specific knowledge .
It appearently depends on the character of the person and his or her preferences .
Nevertheless , maybe you could also make a comprise .
You could have your own specific subject but at the same you could confront yourself with other subjects in order not to lose yourself in one specific topic .
I do not agree with the given statement .
If you look closely to advertisements you will realize that they do not promise any effect which they cannot provide .
They actually create a desire or support or maybe increase an already existing desire for a life-style or for example a better look .

One good example is car advertising .
The companies are legally not allowed to provide technical details that are incorrect .
They mostly show the new car in an desirable environment or in an adventorous situation .
As a result the consumer is feeling that he could be in the same situation if he would only own that car .
But this is a misconception of the comsumer and is of course wanted by the advertisor and the car company .
Nevertheless it does not mean that the car could not be driven in that situation if the customer would ever be in it and thus it might be as good as advertised .

Another field of advertising is the beauty industry .
There are a lot of commercials for hair color or foundations shown on television .
They mostly show some celebrity using the product and telling how the person is happy with it .
Those commercials are carefully made .
They do not promise that the hair of the customer will look like the one of the actress after the treatment or that the skin will be as smooth as the celebritie 's .
It is just the wishful thinking of the customer having the illusion of being able to look as one of those famous people that makes him buying the product .

Another example is medecine .
Every medical condition is different and all advertisments for medical treatments have the additional advice to ask a doctor befor use .
Just the desire to be as healthy as the people that are shown causes the effect that buyers think they got a promise of better health after use .

If there is any disappointment after the use of an advertised product it is normally caused by expectations the consumer created according to the subconscious influence he or she was exposed to by seeing the advertisment but not at all because the advertisement made the product really seem have a quality that it does not carry with it .
I think there is not a moment in your life more pleasant than other , the whole life is a cicles of growing personally and intelectually , and one should enjoy every step in this cicle , so I disagree with the statement .

People should enjoy every moment in their lives , because every moment brings you different satisfactions and all of them are equally pleasant .
As a child one enjoy a lot being in the kindergarden , and playing with the other children there isnt anything else more exiting than that .
The same occurs as a student in highschool or at the university , meeting new people , sharing with them and all the things around it are very exiting .
By this point there arent a lot of responsabilities , and that is what make people think that being younger you enjoy life more .
But responsabilities do n't take away the exitement in life .

After the university you star working , most people get married , have children and with this come the responsabilites , but who said this was n't pleasant .
I still have no kids to take care of , but I really want to get married and have a lot of children , and I think I would continue enjoying life as I am right now as a young person .
Even work give great satisfactions , and I really enjoy working in things I like .
It is all just moments in your life , and each moment give a diferent kind of satisfaction .

In an older age , satisfaction must come from people around you , and the achivements you have done in your life .
I think it must be very pleasant to see what you have done in your life and share it with the people you love .

In conclusion one must enjoy every moment of life , because every moment comes with great satisfactionds
I absolutely disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are two points that explain my disagreement .
The first point are the high costs of a guided trip and the second , more important point are the freedom and the flexibility that one does not have on such a trip .

The first reason of my desagreement are the costs .
The costs are always an important part in the plannings of my trip .
If you chose to travel in a group led by a tour guide , the prize will certainly be higher than if you do the same travel by your own .
In a guided group , several people need to get paid for organising and making a trip , for example the people from the office , the bus driver and the tourist guide himself .
By going on my own , I save all these costs and can spend the money on something else .

The second reason why I disagree with the statement are the freedom and the flexibility .
In a guided group of travelers , one has naturally no freedom to do what he or she wants to do .
The guide tells the people when to stay somewhere and when to go , when to eat and when to go to the restrooms .
When I travel , I want to make my own decisions .
I want to have the possibility to eat when I am hungry , to stay at a place as long as I want or to leave it whenever I like to .
Connected to this freedom is flexibility .
On a guided trip , everything is booked and scheduled and there is no chance to change plans during the trip .
However , I prefer to be flexible .
If I like a place , I want to have the possibility to stay there for longer then I planned .
If I travel without guide , I can change my plans whenever I want to and I am opened for knew things .

To sum up , I desagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because the costs are normally to high and because it would mean a lack of freedom and flexibility for me if I joined a guided group .
Some people say `` broad knowledge of academic subjects are essential . ''
However , I do n't think it 's true .
The purpose of attending schools is basically for becoming a professional in one field .
Broad knowledge about other fields is not necessary to become an expert .

Normally , we learn subjects of various kinds in elementary schools , junior high schools , and high school .
However , most of subjects which we learned there are not practical knowledge to live .
For example , I studied Biology and Geology for more than 4 years in my junior high school and high school but I have never used this kind of knowledge to solve problems I encounterd .
I am sure that it was waste of time because they are useless .

I majored in music composition in my college for 6 years .
I received BA and MA from the college .
However , I am still studying music composition in an another institution because I thought what I studied in my college was only a small part of entire subject .
I am sure that It takes a lot of time to become a real professional in one field so I think all student must concentrate on just one field to become a real expert since we do not have so much time .

If you learn several subject , especially in college or university , it normally costs more .
If you major in two subjects , for example , Fine art and Mathematic , you have to pay normally more tuition than students who major only one subject .
In addition , you have to buy more books and materials for several subjects .
However , you have less chance to become a real professional on both field because you spent less time compared to students who major in only one subject .
It does not make any sence .
It 's just waste of money .

Broad knowledge is not essential to become an expert .
Knowledge in other fields is normally useless .
Besides , it takes time to real expert in one field so you do n't have time to learn other subject .
Moreover , it 's espensive to study more than one subject .
Technology has been racing ahead to touch the zenith one day .
Amongst the various inventions and discoveries the designing of an engine that can be used for transportation was a remarkable discovery .
And now , in todays time we see cars zipping past us every second as we saunter on the road .
The number of cars being used today all over the globe is almost infinity , and if it continues at this pace then one day it wil outshadow the human population .
But i believe that in next twenty years the numbers of cars in use will be fewer than they are today as with passing time efforts have been made to make people aware about the distinguishing amount of non renewable resources available on earth .
Petroleum , deisel and natural gas being the most important fuels of running cars are being not as abundantly available as they were few years back .
The reduction in the level of such fuels under the surface of earth is alarming .

In order to make the people aware all over the planet steps have been taken by certain NON GOVERNMENT ORGANIZATIONS ( NGOs ) by reaching to the grass root level .
Running drives on conserving every drop of fuel has been one of the fertile efforts to awaken people .
Promotion campaigns to encourage office goers to pool in cars and go toghether was a very good ideas one of the students association came up with .
Encouraging people to use public transport is one way to lessen the number of cars on road and thus avoiding the diabolical traffic .

If all the nations work hand in hand to make people understand the consequences of the upcoming danger i firmly believe that in next twenty years the number of cars would be less than what it is today .
But the need of the hour is to spread awareness by being a part of a group or organization or as an indiviual .
EVERY ONE OF US CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE .
Nowadays many persons have the impression young people do not dedicate enough of their time to helping their communities .
What my personal experience provides is that society has a strong tendency to observe only the negative examples provided by the young people and that it is really hard to find free time to dedicate to others .

Today society seems to love to notice only the bad examples of young people and unfortunately this phenomen usually brings to a strong critic to the young people in general .
It is true that there is a quite big amount of young people who are pretty selfish and do not care at all about others , but only about their own good .
What is extremely important on the other hand , but that unluckily is noticed by the society just few times , is that there are many young people involved in , for example , volunteering activities .
What is even more important is that this number would strongly increase if young people had more free time .
School is really hard and requires lots of efforts , many young people also dedicate some of their times to other activities like playing a musical instrument or learning a new language , they perhaps also need to rest sometimes and so it is easy to understand that finding a free afternoon to dedicate to others is not easy .
For this reason those young people who are engaged in volunteering activities must be admired by the society because they are able at the same time to care about their own good and that of the others .
I , for example , dedicate my Friday afternoon to help young children with their homework .
This activity gives me a lot , but often I have to renounce to study in order to have time to do it .

The amount of young people not involved in volunteering activies is big , but at the same the number of young people involved in these activities is big too .
These young people have to be admired because they are able , within a week full of things to do , to find time to dedicate to others .
There are different ways of traveling , and they are all determined by the traveler 's specific interests .
In my experience , the idea of traveling in a group led by a tour guide limits the options of the traveler forcing him to follow a pre-set itinerary of activities , some of his interest and some he probably wo n't enjoy .
Traveling in a large group , will imply not only to follow the itinerary but the pace of the group .

The idea of traveling should be to experience as much of the new place , people and their culture as possible .
Furthermore , it should provide personal enjoyment to who is travelling .

In our everyday life we have to comply with schedules and rules , when we are on vacation we should take advantage of this unique opportunity of having complete control and determine by ourselves how we want to spend our time .
By doing this we will release stress and tension , feel challenged and invigorated with the adventure that leaving our daily routine and comfort zone represent .

There should n't be limitations , the advancement of communications , technology and the availability of information make simple to create a tailored trip for any taste , with the freedom of adjusting it as we go .

It is important to involve people from the area when possible , specially when traveling to a foreign country where we are not used to the language and more importantly to theculture .
It is also recommendable to research and prepare a tentative list of activities prior to the trip to avoid spending valuable time once we are abroad .

A small group of friends and your own itinerary should be the best way to travel , by doing this we will enjoy a new experience with people that share similar interest and at the same time will break our daily routines by being completely free to choose exactly what we want to do .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts .
I believe that for many reasons .

One of the most important reasons I believe that is more important for students to understand concepts and ideas is that , by understanding concepts , they could develop a critical attitude to the interpretation of facts .
Students should encouraged to understand ideas that motivate people behaviours , rather than simply learning facts .
I think that should be the professor 's responsability to discuss in class concepts rather than facts , since it is much more challenging for students to understand concepts on their own .
At the same time , if students are interested in learning facts , they can do that by themselves , according to their specific interests .

The second reason I think it is more important to learn concepts rather than facts is that this way of learning lasts longer in time and it is less superficial .
For instance , I remember that when I was at school I had to learn and memorise a lot of `` facts '' that after two days from the exam I had already forgotten .
On the contrary , If you understand concepts and ideas , it is much harder to forget what you have learnt .
Students should be conscious of perpetuating a more `` durable '' way of learning and I think that learning concepts is a much more useful way to learn .

Being more motivate to learn concepts introduces the third reason why I believe it is more important for students to understand ideas .
Students are more interested in learning about abstract concepts , rather than facts because they could find that ideas and concepts are more applicable to the reality , without being compelled to a certaing period of time for instance .
If you have studied .
for example , the military techniques that have been used in a particular battle , they cannot certainly apply to the real world in which we leave .
On the contrary , if you have studied the concept of war and understand what issues it impliies , it could also be applied to the real world .
I think that students would be much more fascinated by the concept of war .

In conclusion , I believe that it should be given priority to students to understand ideas , by promoting discussions and debates .
This is a much less sterile way to learn and promoting education than learning facts .
As the technology advanced , society has learned to train people in certain fields for its development .
It has been an issue to all , whether people should go for understanding in numerous courses or go for professionalism in certain course for deeper understanding .
And being a student myself , I believe that it is more beneficial to go for understanding in numerous courses , because it is my belief that it is important for students to be informed of variety of subject areas .

First , it is becaus it makes students to be more aware of many opportunities that may come in their future .
A student can not even think of being a psychologist , when he does not know that certain field exists .
And by doing so , diversity of jobs in the society can be achieved .

Second , individual performs better at work , when they are aware of many other facts or mechanisms in different fields .
For example , an architect who is profound in the principles of physics works better than who does not simply because of more knowlege in different fields .
Therefore , we can now conclude that people are more competitive at work by learning about different fields of education .

Of course , some may argue that people have to promote professionalism for the advancement of technology .
It is very true indeed .
No one can disregard the fact that more informations about the chemistry can help an individual to mix the chemicals , but this professionalism can come after education , where people are actually being trained for their work .

To conclude the reasons above , I believe in the importance of education on variety of fields , becaues it alerts students on possible future career , and it provides people of the skills to integrate for the better understanding of the subject he would like to pursue .
And although it is true that an individual can work better with specialization in the field , I still believe that this can wait until the day we are going to be trained as professional , but till then we should promote to understand variety subjects to help us more .
I agree with the statement .
In the education of a child it is important to transmit him the knowledge of facts concerning history , science , art and other matters , but it is more important to teach him how to reason independently and to think with his own mind .

For a student it is very important to understand ideas and concepts behind facts ; in fact , this gives to the student some schemes that he can re-apply to understand many other facts and he can use to continue learn also alone .
Notions are relevant , but are ideas and concepts that develop in a young boy the skills required to analyze things and reasoning .

In the past to know a lot of facts was very valuable and esteemed , but today , thanks to new communication technologies , information and facts are easily available to everyone and have lost great part of their value .
For people today it is not essential to know facts , but it is required to have the capacity and the mind to understand facts and to find out what we really need among the big quantity of information available .
Internet today is maybe the gratest example of what I say : in the Web it is possible for everyone to quickly access to facts that happen in the world , to historical archives , and to a lot of pictures and video .

Ideas and concepts are also the basis for creativity ; discoveries in scientific areas can happen only because researchers have understood what they have studied , and have gained the capacity and courage to go further simple facts and to design theories and rules also concerning facts that have n't yet happened .
AOne affascinating example is A. Einstein : with his ideas he proposed theories that were verified by facts only many years later .
As a student , it is better to have some broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are few reasons that this statement should be true .
To learn a wide variety of knowledge is an advantage because general information is always a must with everybody , balancing many studies is more interesting , and the subject can eventually chosen to one .

The first reason for a wide knowledge of subject is better than one is because everybody learns a general bit of everything .
Students with different kind of subjects shows more intelligence through their studies .
That way , people can socialize and communicate more easily to the fact that people have at least a little bit of knowledge of everything .

The second reason to have more academic subject that one is because balancing different kinds of subjects may show more interests to the student .
This makes learning more fun than boring .
For example , it is good that the fact that everybody have a different kinds of subject in period of the class .

The last reason to learn many subjects instead of one is that it is a good benefit for the students in the future .
Since the students have at least a little knowledge of all the subject , they are more likely to have an educated decision to chose what to study further .
Since the student have a preview of that the studies be offered , the student can make easier decision to what to specialize in one subject for future studies .

In conclusion , every student should have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subejct .
It is better to have students to learn more than one subject is because all general knowledge is an advantage for society , balance of subject is always a better preference , and it is a helpful way to choose the path of the future in the studies for a specific subject .
Life is like a virgin forest , with primitive mountains , rivers , grassland and flowers in it .
You cannot pick a peak out of it without exploring or probing the true face of it .
So does age .
Different age-experiences enable us to interprete the codes of life , the different primes in life , the dynamic enjoyments by walking through life .
Hence , I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I believe different age groups can experience the identical happiness or joy by appreciating the different beauty inside of their life .

First of all , it is believed that all ages have its prime .
20s means smartness and quickness , 30s encountering diligence and perseverence , while 60s sounds sophistication and wisdom .
They just focus on different strength .
It does not deny or differ their enjoyment in life .
Many Nobel Prize winners who achieved their biggest professional peak , enjoy the happiness of it when they are wellknown and prestigious in their later years .
They had a particularly hard time in proving their hyposis or theory in their youth , like Albert Einstein , Nikola Tesla .

Secondly , happiness is a lifetime pursuit .
People through all age bracket seek for the real joy of life .
Many sayings tell us the happiness does not discriminate ages .
A wise , intelligent novel or person can win high praise despite of the age of the author .

Furthermore , many people think the life is too short to waste .
So , during their youth , most of their endeavors contribute their career , family and friendship .
While , retired people can enjoy their interest , develop their skills since they got more free time .
Can we say that only young people enjoy a better life than older one .

In conclusion , I support the idea that all ages deserve the right to be happy as long as they explore the beautiful colors of each age and pursue the real value of each age bracket .
That is the color of life .
I do agree with the previous statement , for I am convinced that people who try new things are able to innovate and discover new trains of thought that would otherwise not be discovered .
If these people only did what they already already know how to do well , they would always experience the same results , feeling that they do not bring much added value to the society they live in .

Moreover , by taking risks and daring to go where no other individuals have gone , successful people are not only driving forces of their communities , but also leaders that motivate other people to achieve their own goals .

I will further support my view with the following approaches :

- Psychological considerations .
- My own experience .

As an Industrial Engineer from the Mexican Institute of Technology , I acquired a thorough quantitative and analytical grounding .
Fortunately , my coursework also included studying behavioural finance , subject that enabled me to find an interest in psychology , social science I found complemented my understanding of efficiency and the human factor particularly well .

Through reading extensively on the subject , I began feeling a particular appeal for the works of T.J. Walker , an outstanding social researcher who has focused on the practical aspects of psycho-sociology particularly well .
In one of his books , `` Riddles of the Human Mind '' , he explicitly entails the topic of innovation and risk taking .

He mentions that people who are able to innovate and take risks in order to achive their goals are usually much more self-fulfilled individuals .
They are also much more goal oriented and able to motivate people more effectively .

In my country there is an old saying that says that `` what one has eaten , travelled and danced is one 's to keep and can never be taken away . ''
This is indeed a wise saying that I myself have witnessed with my own experience .

I have travelled many countries , and in every case I have been exposed to new experiences that have tempered my criterion and made me more open to people 's views , ideas and approaches .
Since I try to befriend people from the places I visit , this insight turns even more vivid for me as I am able to share a much more personal experience by doing so .

During one of my trips I faced the problem of having to deal with individuals who were always affraid of taking risks and doing things differently .
However , after talking to them , I finally convinced them of approaching life with a different view , so they realized that they were able to experience much more personal satisfaction by doing things differently and by deciding freely how to deal with a particular topic .

In closing this presentation , I ponder upon the fact that many of us who work in Banking tend to present our ideas in an overwrought manner , and that in claryfing our views we end up complicating them even further .

However , in analyzing the complex issue of trying new things and taking risks , I also do not want to appear simplistic , but instead try to maintain my presentation candid and simple , convinced of Martin Fisher 's quote that `` knowledge is a process of piling up facts , wisdom lies in their simplification . ''
Nowadays , it 's hard to open a newspaper without seeing an ad which describes `` the most important object that you have to have '' But because of the repetition of this type of ads , some target groups suffer from saturation .
That 's why the real question is : Is it really important to buy this ?
does it really improve my way of life ?

In order to solve the problem efficiently , we have to consider some advantages ( I ) and disadvantages ( II ) of an innovative product .

First , in terms of advantages , we can say that a real innovative product such as the invention of trains can help people to move more faster and with a higher degree of security than before .
It can also help people to manage their time .
Indeed , when they travel by train , they can work or relax themselves .
But , a real innovative product is very rare .

Second , the greatest disadvantage of today 's innovative products is that some products are just updated with new technologies .
As I said before , real innovative products such as cars , trains and telephones are very rare .
So , I think it 's just a marketing process in order to increase sales and profits but it 's not crucial to have it .
You can buy it only if you want to satisfy your appetite of early adopter of fashion victim .

To put in a nutshell , you have to keep in mind that it 's all about marketing process that transforms desire in need .
You have to consider the real worth of the product before buying this because real innovative products are very rare .
It 's up to you but I think that today we have to imcrease our judgement ability in order to keep safe our personality .
That 's why I think that we have to be cautious in order not to buy everything .
The issue at hand is whether broad knowledge on many subjects is bettar than specialization in one specific subject .
The issue is important because specialization on a specific subject is a major aspect for students during thier graduation and higher studies .
In my opinion to specialize on a particular subject is much better than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

Firstly , if the student specializes on a specific subject , he will be focussed and concentrated in his field of study .
Trying to have knowledge of all academic studies might overburden the student and it might leave him in disarray and in a choatic condition .
Sometimes it may lead to serious consequences of getting very low grades .
Furthermore a subject will have lot of topics related to it .
So a specializtion on such a topic will give an entire knowledge of that subject to the student .
He is definetely going to master the entire subject .

Specialization on a particular topic will lead to research , as many thing are yet to be unravelled in this world .
If the student pays specific attention to the specialization subject in case of higher studies like post graduation , he may face new problem in that subject and result in research related activities which is very good .
Take for example if no one tries to pay particuler attention on a specific field , there might have been no inventions and discoveries by the scientists .
If Einstein had not paid specific attention to his specialization subject of physics , there would have been no development because all human creations of this date are based on his many thoeries like three laws of motion , theory of relativity , quantum physics etc .

Finally I want to conclude by supporting that specialization ona specific sunject is much better than having knowledge of many academic subjects .
As the saying goes `` Jack of all trades master of none '' ; a student focussed on specific subject will be called a master of specific subject .
So students should be advised right from their secondary schooling to pay particular attention on subjects they are intrested in and go for higher studies .
Everybody enjoys life .
It is not necessary to be young to enjoy life .
Yes it is true that people enjoy life in different manner and different styles .
Everybody has different ways of enjoying life .
There are people who are young physically and there are people people who are young by heart .
In my opinion young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Firstly , young people have the physical as well as mental strength to enjoy life more than older people .
The adrelinine in younger people keeps them going .
In todays fast moving world no one has time to wait for the right occasion and for the right time .
Young people are more energetic and lively .
Young people have the physical attributes to enjoy that bit more than older people .

Secondly , the opportunites , the occasions for young people to enjoy are much more than older people .
For enjoyment they can go to parties , clubbing , lounges etc .
They can aslo enjoy on any occasion because they have the time and energy to keep going .
Todays world caters to more hangout places , joints where young people can enjoy themselves .
There are more entertainment places opening for young where they can enjoy themselves to the fullest than there are for older people .
Young people can also find enjoyment at their work places or colleges .

Lastly , Young people have more options than older people .
Young people tend to have more friends collegues etc .
Young people can adapt to places and adjust to places faster which makes it easier for them to enjoy .

However older people also enjoy to an extent .
Older people try to find enjoyment in more subtle things .
They enjoy in a different manner .
For them enjoyment is more quite and calm .
They try to find enjoyment in small things .
Yet according to me younger people enjoy life more than older people since they are full of energy and adrelinine .
`` Do anything as if it were your last and up to the point of perfection . ''
I firmly beleive in the statement but I do n't really beleive that only by trying new things and taking risks a person can be successful .
You can reach the zenith even if you are doing what you know how to do well with sheer hardwork and perserverence .
Behind every spectacular event lies unspectacular preparations .

I would rather like to work hard on my assets and plans to excel them other than trying something new and exciting which has the probability that I might not like it .
The roots of success lies in the will to exceed in life and a continuacy to a purpose .
I loved helping people , dealing with the children so pursued teaching .
I think if I continue my same profession of teaching I would be more successful other than trying a new thing all together like nursing .
If I continue to teach , I have an enriched experience in the field of teaching and later on I can also apply for the position of a Principal .
But if I change my field to nursing I have to learn all about medicines and have to start from the very scratch .

Secondly I think a person gets a lot of satisfaction if he or she is doing something they already know .
It gives a sense of self content and hapiness after that hardwork .
If I offer to cook anything for my friend but I do n't really know how to cook , I might have an unpleasing experience after that chore because that dish might not be very tasty .
So instead of taking any risk I would rather do something I enjoy and know how to do well .
And I do n't think if I wo n't try that I am unsucessful .
Instead I know how how to avoid ruining my day and how to get the most of it .

When you are doing something you already know you develop the sense of perfection and there are more chances to excel in that field .
Well in the end life is a tin of sardines and we are all looking for thye key .
So sometimes we might have to try new things but my main chore would always be what i like doing the best .
I agree with the statement `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' .
Knowledge is the underlying point here in the statement , enough about a single subject or a substantial amount of many subjects .
The main idea , of having a broad knowledge is far more beneficial than to specialize in one specific subject .

Knowledge has to be something which is diverse , not just about a single field or a subject .
It has to be a collection of everything .
Being in touch or knowing things at a broader level has much more to do in today 's competitive world .
Although we require specialists too , but diversity is what is needed more .
In terms of studying subjects , sticking to one field or topic definitely limits one 's potentials .
Whereas studying subjetcs at a broader level adds to a more intellect and a overall study .
A person , specializing in a particular field or a subject remains limited to that field itself .
Therefore , resulting in a kind of ignorance of the other fields or the subjects around .
In contrast , a broad study of different subjects keeps a finger on every field around .

For example : A person studying Physics or specialising in this particular subject , will remain very centered around the subject alone .
Going thorough with the subject , even in Physics the person will needs to have some knowledge about an another subject , say , ` Mathematics ' during his study .
So in such a case , he/she will have to seek some other individual 's help .
In other words the person is not fully equipped with all , he needs to complete his work .
Had the person have had studied different subjects , it would have been fare more easier .
A person who has a broad knowledge of various subjects ( physics and maths too ) , is capable enough of solving things by himself/herself and also at a much broader and higher level .
And moreover having a broad knowledge increases a person 's over all grip on diverse fields and areas of study .

Finally , rather than being immersed in a single field of knowledge , it is more beneficial to have a broad knowledge of different fields .
In simple words , as the word ` broad'itself implies and suggests in having a more broader vision , understanding , and above all a better practical application of knowledge .
I do not agree with the statement .
In order to explain this opinion , I will first summarize positive and negative aspects of each life stage , and then draw a conclusion from this evidence .

Young people have several opportunities in their current life stage .
The have health and the vigor that characterizes youths .
They also have access to opportunities in almost every aspect of life : academics , profession , family , spirituality , etc .
They also have support from family members , friends , and colleagues .

Even though youths have these advantages , they have important threats to their possibilities of enyoing life .
Youths worry about their future , planning their carreer , their family , their jobs , etc .
They are also immature to appreciate the special gifs of life , and because of their opportunities , take life for granted .
Finally , they learn through experience , and sometimes these experiences are painful and have terrible consequences .

The elderly , on the other hand , are mature , with a broad baggage of lived experiences .
They can enjoy the fruit of their work and the result of their decisions .
Since they do not have much more to live , they do not take life for granted , and try to enjoy life as much as possible .

Although the elderly have other threats such as sicknesses , deaths in their families and worries of when they are going to die themselves , they have the awareness that their life is short , and they will try to make the most of it .

When comparing the youths ' opportunities and threats to those of the elderly , we can easily find that the advantages of the elderly , in terms of possibilities of enjoying life , are greater .

In summary , young people worry about their future and do not have the time to enjoy their present , whereas the elderly enjoy their present and accept their future .
Every year we get older and older and we do n't care of the changes which happen .
We often do n't notice the alteration brought by the passing of time .
But in reality we should wonder if our life is not better when we are young .
Do n't people usually think that young people enjoy life more than older people do ?
In this essay , we are first going to show the aspects of enjoying life as an elderly person and then we are going to talk about life when we are young .

First we are considering the fact if elderly people reallz enjoy their lifes .
On the one hand , elderly people are often lonely and have few friends .
They live together in special houses where no young people are .
People in such homes often lose their pleasure in life , because they are disconnected from the outstanding world .
On the other hand elderly people are less attractive than younger people .
They have also more health trouble and are often disprised by a lot of people .
Additionally , these people always live together and see no other people .
This is why they also become more and more sad , because they notice that their are rejected by society and that nobody cares about them .

On the whole I would say that it is very difficult for elderly people to enjoy life , because they often are very lonely and have few friends who look after them .

Now we are going to see that young people can enjoy their live .
First we can say that young people meet a lot of other people .
They are always with friends , doing sport , playing games or enjoying their life .
A lot of the time is spent in places where a lot people are and this gives those people the opportunity to meet new people .
Secondly , young people are more attractive than elderly people are and they have no difficulty to find a boy-friend or a girl-friend .
They are usually good looking which causes that they can better enjoy their live .
Thirdly they are well-off , are in a good shape and health and they can do what they want .
Their strength allows them to travel all over the world and see new places .
Furthermore there are not many limits which prevent them from beeing happy , because these young people have the whole life in front of them .
These people often do n't have to worry , because their live will last for a long time .

To conclude we see that , as time goes by , we change and that these changes affect our perception of life .
When we are young we meet a lot of people , we are more attractive and we are well-off , which are all things which disappear with the fact of becoming older .
This is why I agree with the statement and find that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Education is something which increases the self-esteem and improves knowledge of the one who tries to pursue that .
It also increases stature , which is of primary concern in today 's society .
Given the two options , it would not be a good idea to deal these two options in the same way .
So , I would like to view this topic in two different ways :

1. Undergraduate level
2. Graduate level

First , during undergraduate studies , a student has to learn a wide variety of subjects because it is the high time for him to learn the basics .
If he does not study many subjects , there wont be a difference between him and uneducated person .
After all , everybody expects him to be familiar with all the related subjects present in a stream .

For example , a Mechanical Engineer is assumed to have knowledge about thermal , production , design , material sciences and many more subjects related to his mechanical stream .
Because all these depend upon one another , it becomes absolute necessity to learn the fundamentals of all these in order to excel in mechanical field .
And the same is true about all the remaining streams too .
There is one more disadvantage , If he studies only one subject at this part of his life , he would probably find it boring and insipid as time passes , and would definitely end up becoming nothing in his life .

Secondly , during graduate level , it would be a better option to select any one of the subjects he is familiar with , and deal with that particular subject in detail .
Then , he will gain in-depth knowledge about a subject and that can help him in achieving a good job in his respective domain .
Later on , even if he finds the domain boring , he can drift towards different subject because he has the fundamental knowledge of many subjects .

keeping these two choices in view , I would suggest to gain basic fundamentals in your undergraduate level and then go on search for a topic which fascinates you and then pursue in-depth knowledge of that particular subject in your graduate and doctoral level .
In this way , you can become a jack of all trades , and , indeed a master of few too .
In addressing whether younger people enjoy life more than older people , I cannot state for certain .
However , I think that enjoying life is not heavily dependent upon age , but rather on the different situations of each person .

Admittedly , young people seem to enjoy life more than older people on the outside .
This is because younger people are more vibrant , adventurous , and have more energy .
They have less responsibilities than older people , giving them more freedom to explore and have fun .
But I cannot rule out the burdens that I have experienced growing up .
For example , the pressure of entering university , then graduating , and then acquiring a job .
It seemed that overcoming a hill led to an even bigger mountain .

However , I cannot ignore the fact that as people grow older , they have achieved many things along the way .
For example , a stable job , leisure time to do hobbies , birth and nuture of children are just some of the things that can lead to an enjoyable and fulfilling life .
In addition , the period after retirement seems so liberating and enjoyable .
But on the other hand , older people have more responsibilities , meaning less time to yourself to enjoy life .

It seems that who enjoys life more , the younger or older , does not depend on age , but rather on how the individual grows up and becomes older .
Some people may think that their childhood was a disaster , without many good memories , while being at there happiest at an older age .
On the other hand , some people may miss their childhood and wish that they could go back to the innocent days when they were free to do whatever they wanted .

In conclusion , I do not fully agree with this statement , as questioning happiness based on age does not produce a reliable answer .
Rather happiness , whenever experienced depends on the individuals life
If you had asked me this question five years ago , I would have said , that there would be a sharp increase in number of cars during the twenty years time .
Since , I was not aware of the fact that cars have plenty of negative influences to the environment that we have been living .
In addition to that , petroleum prices are increasing extremely sharply .
Nevertheless , I , now , absolutely claim that the amount of cars will drop significantly in twenty years time , may be shorter .
Therefore , I strictly say that there will be less automobiles in the coming future .

The reason that I was thinking that the number of cars would increase was my desire to the car technology and the possibility of a reduction in prices .
I was believing that car designs were wonderful and everybody was aware of this fact .
Thus , each and every person would buy cars as much as they can .
Another reason for this belief is that , since the brands are getting larger and rivalry is increasing , the prices of the cars would fall .
I did not come to a conclusion about the prices opf the cars .
They are decreasing as the days pass by .
However , I had seen that the automobile desire was only my characteristic .
Most of the people istead of buying cars are now investing on other properties , such as flats or cooperatives .

Why I am now thinking in this way , that the number of cars will decay , is now I am aware of the effects of cars to the envoropnment .
Furthermore a considerable number of people are also agreeing with me and they are all aware of this damaging effects .
Therefore , most of the people will quit using cars , at least they will use public transportation , which is a good alternative for private car usage .
Since most of the people will be carried just by one bus or other sort of transportation , it will be more clean .
Another reason for thinking in this way is actually a lesser crucial point that compared to the one mentioned above , which is the high prices of the oil used for cars .
After the sharp rise in 2004 , the car usage decreased enormously .
Especially in less developed countries , drivers quit using the privae cars .
It seems that the current prices will not vary during the coming future .
Hence , this will influence the number of cars used on roads .

If we take all of the factors mentioned above into consideration after a detailed observation of each point , we can come to a conclusion that , because of negative effects of the cars to environment and high gas prices , the usage of the cars will drop .
For the following twenty years time , I am not expecting a sharp fall but degree bu degree .
If the usage of the public transportation is enhanced and if the people are warned and educated due to the side effects of cars to the environment , this fall may be faster to a certain degree .
Advertisements should present a product on an objective way but most of them make products seem much better than they really are .
By definition an advertisement should make the public buy the product and so present only his better aspect and properties .
Moreover , since they are a lot of company producing the same product they should emphasize the properties of their product .
And eventually , there are always differences between a photo or a film and the real product .

First , the purpose of an advertisement is to create a need by convincing the client that he should have this product .
Therefore the product should be perfect without any disadvantages .
But reality is different .
For example when you buy a computer , advertisement show you computers as objects everybody should have .
You could have access to internet , a lot of information , it will simplify your life .
However , they never tell you that sometimes the computer should have some problems like virus , that by using it for buying some products on internet people could see your credit card number .
All the bad aspect of the computer are forgotten .

Nowadays , in our society there are a lot of companies producing the same product .
So each company have to make the difference with the others by emphasizing the properties of their product .
they should show that their products is better than those of the others .
For example , cleaning product for cloths all clean the clothes .
but one company will show you that our product is better than the other one for several reasons such as using less product .

Eventually , there are always differences between photo or film they made that are taken in the perfect condition to make the product seems perfect and the product that you received .
For examples the color of clothes are sometimes different due to light .
So you could see on the television a perfect black skirt and eventually have a grey skirt .

As a conclusion , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are by emphasizing their properties , not talking aboute the inconvenients and showing the product in the perfect conditions that you couldn'y have .
However in the way we always want perfect products are n't we a bit reponsible of this phenomenom ?
The question of whether it is more important for students to understand ideas and concept that it is for them to learn facts is one of the very important issues which teachers , no matter the grade they teach is , should take into thier consideration .
Personally , I think that understanding concept is a more fruitful process than learning facts .
The process of understanding concepts guarantees the application of understood concepts and ideas to varied life-circumstances and situations .
It also gurantees a prolonged usage of the learned concept contrary to learning facts which may just disappear from our memories .

Learning concepts , in my point of view , makes a fruitful learnign process where learner can make use of the learnt concepts to reach great numbers of facts .
If I teach you the concept of how and why people need to mix with each other and socialize , you can take out from this concept different facts about people , such as making friendship , getting married ...
etc .

Prolonged usage of knowledge is attained more , in my opinion , through learning concepts rather than facts .
Concepts stick in our minds and do not vanish easily from our memories .
So , if I teach a student a number of facts , I am sure that he/she will forget some of them just as the class is over .
However , although teaching concepts takes much more time than teaching facts , thier availability in students ' minds last much longer .

By the end , I strongly support the teaching of concepts rather than the teaching of facts as teaching concepts , in my standpoint , have much more effect on students ' achievement and development .
Teaching concepts and ideas opens the door foor students to think actively and respond geniously to the events they encounter in their life .
If we are successful enough in teaching concepts a more prosperous future is guaranteed for our syudents
This issue has been discussed widely within the already established literature , and , obviously , it is a very interdisciplinary topic .
We could discuss about the relationships between reality and ideas referring to very different conceptual fields , and , hence , using very different theoretical systems .
According to my sociological preparation , I would discuss the topic considering the social implications of understand facts and ideas , within the overarching context of education .

As a first point , we should define what is an idea and what is a fact .
Defining them could be important in order to continue with the discussion .
If we conseder an idea as a totally autonomous concept within the individual process of defining reality , I will state that ideas are useless , not being based on experience .
Coherently with the Kant 's thinking , the process of construction of the world can be defined as the filling process of some categories `` boxes '' .
These boxes are defined as the basic visions of the reality [ i.e. the causal relationships between phenomena ] , and in order to be productive for the undertsanding of the world they have to be filled by specific external experiences .
Therefore , it is my opinion that ideas cannot be considered as separate and independent concepts form the reality , but rather that they are influenced , and they influence at the same time , our perception of the world , and , consequently , the way we act within it and the way we create our identities .
In order to come back to the statement you provide me , I absolutely do n't think that it could be possible to think about ideas and expertise in a separate way , and so the core and hidden question behind that sentence is : how do ideas and experiences are related within the preparation of the students .
In practise , in order to have a well-working and a long - end didactic we should provide a real experience for each concept or ideas we want to teach .
The experience I 'm talking about is not supposed to be strictly based on a practical action [ as going outdoor and see the trees after a lesson on plants ] , but it could be simply providing some practical examples about the matter of study .

On the other side , experience is always influenced by ideas embedded in our society and , of course , in our indentity [ considered as an idea of undertsand ourself and the others in relaton to us ] .
Teaching clear and coherent ideas is a starting point in order to have a complete experience of the empirical world .
In conclusion , ideas and experience are totally interlinked each other and mutually influenced , in a dialectic way .
I agree with this statement , because the ultimate goal of education is to promote knowledge of a subject .
Knowledge of a subject only comes from the full understanding of the ideas and concepts related to the topic .
It is as important to know the main set of facts as it is to understand the ideas and concepts around those facts .

In my experience being able to understand the ideas and concepts have often times help me to arrive to the same set of facts , proving that I have acquiered the knowledge necessary , but also the tools to conduct individual research and investigation .

While it is true that there are exact sciences ( ie , chemistry , physics , or math ) which depent on specific unchangable facts , it is important that students of those subjects are able to deconstruct the formulas , paradigms , and algorythms that have produce such facts .
This creates a deeper understanding of facts and when the researcher is faced with a problem it is easier to solve it in a succesfull manner .

Education should not concentrate on merely facts , specially in sciences where new discoveries are happening everyday , which change the way we understand our universe .
In the case of social sciences , such as history or anthropology , where facts are the building blocks to understand later developments it is important to realize that those facts are normally told from the winning party in the conflict or the prevailing species in an environment .
In these cases the understanding of ideas and concepts will help the student investigate how different events may have changed the final outcome .

Full understanding of ideas and concepts would lead to more complete and complex research , which will help to understand our world better and not remain in a status quo where facts are unchanged and become dogmatic with time .
The lives of youngsters have changed a lot throughout the years .
Some people agree that young people do not give enough time to help their communities nowadays .
In my opinion , young people do not help their communuties as much as they use to , because they think that they have better things to do like the use of technology and studying .

Technology has driften apart children from their communities .
The smallest community is a family and some young people do not even help their family anymore .
For example ; their is a huge difference between my mother and I. She always tells me stories about how she use to help her mother with the house work and chores since she had nothing else better to do .
I do not get involved in these kinds of events that much aroung the house because of the technology that surrounds me .
I am so busy watching tv , or playing video games , or talking on the phone that I do not realize some of the things that goes on around the house .
Technology is one of the reasons children today do not help their community that much anymore .

Studying has been an important fact on why kids can not help their communities as much as they use to as well .
The amount of work and the subjects taught in school have changed so much lately that kids sometimes have to study all day long .
For example ; my school gives out a lot of homework for one night and it takes me quite a number hours to finish it , and by the time I am done it is time to go to bed , but my mother tells me that in her time they didi not have that many homework so when they finished they had the time to help around in the house or in their neighborhood .
Kids do not understand that sometimes helping people or helping a community is the best thing you can do in your life .

As a result , young people have to move away from the technology that has been drifting them apart from their community , and they have to be taught to study with a program so it will not take that much .
Helping people is much more important than watching tv or studying .
Yes , I Agree with the given Statement .
Successful people try to do the new things rather than doing old things or repeated things .
Here Successful people means the people Who got a lot of experience in their job or in their personal problems .
Doing the repeated things didnot give the new ideas and we also do n't get new knowledge .
Rather doing the new things we get the many ideas and these ideas can be used in many of situations .

But old things are also important for begining of a new thing .
This means that Repeated things are fundamentals or basics of Begining new things .
So we ignore the old things in some cases not in all .
Suppose if we neglect the old ideas for starting a new one , some times new things becomes failed .
So we have to take care While doing new things .
These are some DisAdvantages for not taking the old ideas .

Repetition of things is a bad idea .
Inorder to Improve our intellectuval abilities we have to improve the new ideas .
Once we find the new things and new ideas the organization or anyother criteria Where we are working gives awards and also gives the better position than now you are working and also a good salary .
By doing new things we have to discover many things , these will be helpful for the future use .
Once we find new idea it will be useful for many Generations and our name be printed in many books .
If we do n't get proper reponse at the time of inventing the new things , Prosperous name will come after centuries or decades .
So According to me finding the new ones is great rather than old ones .
These are some Advantages of getting to do new things and new ideas .
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Instead , I think the number of cars will increase .
There are two reasons of my opinion .

First , the cost of the fuel for cars will become low .
In these days , many scientists are studying about alternative energy sources .
There researches are largely supported by government and moreover , the automobile companies who are anxious to meet their customers ' demands .
What people want is clean and cheap energy .
and twenty years is long enough time to discover or invent the alternative energy .
If it is invented , people will not hesitate to change their car from high-cost , gasoline-using cars to alternative energy-using cars .
And gradually , the number of cars will increase .

Second , nowadays , people are becoming more self-centered .
I think internet and technology made this phenomenon by providing an enviornment that people can work , play and rest alone .
Human beings love to enjoy the individual values and riding their own car is the perfect condition to be alone .
Technology is progressing and after twenty years , public transportation may be incredibly faster than now .
However , taking a crowded subway or bus is not as comfortable as riding one 's own car .
It is hard to be ` me ' in such a crowded place .
People need to feel comfortable and act unique in their own spaces .
For example , in one 's own car , he can sing , dance , yarn , talk loudly on the phone , etc .
I think people will prefer buying their car and enjoy this kind of freedom .

To sum up , I do n't think there will be fewer cars in use than there are now in the future ( within twenty years ) , because of the possibility of lower cost of fuel and people 's tendency to enjoy their freedom .
Have you ever try new things even though you knew risk is going to be extreme ?
There are a few successful people who take chances and try new things , Bill Gates and Steve Jobs .
Two most reknown rival in the world .
Therefore I agree with the topic .

First example is Bill Gates .
In 2000 , Sony 's PlayStation 2 was the best game instrument in the world .
Any other companies did not even try to beat the power of PS2 .
However , there were one man who chellenge Sony 's PS2 .
Bill Gates demanded his workers to work on a game instrument .
And eventually , he created X-box .
He knew that risk would be gigantic enough to shut down his company for a while .
Despite of risk , his Microsoft jumped into a game industry .
In 2003 , Microsoft made Halo2 , which is considered as the greatest game of all time .

Second example is Steve Jobs , the CEO of Apple inc .
In San fransico , California , the MP3 companies were amazed by sudden appearance of iPod , which can hold up to 1,000 songs .
Because Apple was a computer-making company , the other companies were surely surprized .
According to Steve Job 's biography , icon , he knew the risk was literally going to tear his company apart because of its financial problem .
Hw also knew that if he successes , it is going to resurrect Apple .
As you all know , iPod is success .

There are a lot of successful people in the world , but a few try new things and willing to take chances rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Bill Gates succees gaming industry while Steve Jobs dominated a fielid of MP3 .
There is no doubt in my mind that successful people try new things .
I personally do not agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take the risk rather that only doing what they already know how to do well .

In fact I think that is not a matter of being successful that pushes people to try new things and to take the risks .
Actually successful people are very much concerned about their knoweldge and probably are not likely to risk because they do not want to loose their popularity .
For examples a brillant manager knows exactly what his \ her skills are and therefore he \ she would never try to do something new because of uncertain and risk that can lead to their replacement by someonelse who is better than he \ she is in that particular issue .

It seems strange that someone who is already successful and knows how to do something well does n't want to try or does n't take the risk .
Normaly these kind of people should have a strong character and therefore the wright spirit to challenge themselves in new things .
But the surprising thing is that they are the one who have hard time realizing that they are valid persons and that if they have achieved certain success is because they have the qualities required .

I think that these type of persons , unfortunately , have a big lack in their personality .
In fact they seem not to be self confident even if they would not revelate to the pubblic .

Furthermore I belive that people who are not successful are more willing to try new things and to risk .
First of all because they have nothing to loose and second because in this manner they will have a chance to show their capabilities and to create a stronger character by challenging themselves .
In my opinion , I strongly feel that one should be a specialist in what he/she does and this specialization can only be achieved when he/she undergoes systematic education in that specific subject .

There are lot of pros and cons associated to this topic of discussion .
To begin with , I would like to mention a few advantages of not specializing in one subject .
By having a broad knowledge , the person keeps his options open and waits for the right opportunity to strike at the right time .
As an example , when we apply it to the context of acquiring a job , this leaves him/her with some aspect of certainty that if the job market/behavior changes its orientation because of certain issues , he/she still has the ability to get himself/herself a decent job because of the knowledge gained in many academic subjects .

When it comes to a specialized person , I feel that he has many advantages over his couterpart .
Being focussed in one particular field , one can dedicate lot of `` time & effort '' and be motivated to work in this field .
He gets to learn this from people who have specialized in this field .
He is almost certain that he know the industry causes-needs situation .
He is trained to deal with every possible shortcomings in his filed of specialization .
He has the confidence to independently deal with the problems .
Apart from all these personal advantages , he helps the industry in recruiting the right candidate for the open job position .
This leaves the industry with some sort of relief of finding the right person for the position .

On a person note , I would like to focus on my academic background and discuss the reasons that help me adhere to my opinion .
In the final year of the undergraduate studies , I had to complete a project work .
I developed interest in this field and succesfully completed the project work with good grades .
But at the back of my mind , I had this certain level of incompleteness because during the course of my project work , I came across certain issues which needed more specialized education .
It was at that time , I decided that I should be enrolled for a masters program to get my doubts solved and to gain better perspective into this specific subject .
On the other hand , I could have completed the task and very superficially call myself and expert .
Now my thirst of knowledge has further increased as I feel that I should not leave my education midway and continue with a doctoral degree which will certainly make me an expert in this field .

Therefore , I feel that being perfect in a field helps rather than getting involved into things which you are not very good at .
As its rightly said `` Jack of all trades , master of none '' .
The invention of the vehicle is one of the most significant achivement of the twentieth century .
They made the long distances shorter and provided time efficiency .
Today , cars are the most common kinds of vehicles .
Every individual might buy a car depending on their needs. t must be stated that selling rate of cars are getting increased due to the curiousity of people , the advancements on cars and the population growth of the earth .
Therefore , while there are technology improvements on cars and rapid population spead over , I disagree with the statement that In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

To begin with , the technology is reaching further in any area and the area related to cars , so I do not think that in near future there will be fewer cars in use .
The technology improves cars far beyond .
Every year we are being advertised about new things on cars such as brake systems and some protections for children .
For Example twenty five years ago there have not been an ABS ( Automatic Brake System ) system but now we have that technology .
I personally had chance to experience this sytem in our own car .
One day I was driving car and suddenly a child appeared , I quickly pushed to the brake and thans to the ABS system I did not hit to child .
Consequently I do believe that while the advancements on cars continue , it is low possibility that in near future there will be less cars in use .

In addition , the population of the world is increasing every single one of day , so I see this factor as one of the reasons not to decrease the amount of cars in use in near future .
Accordingly population growth is a problem that must be solved .
There are starving people in Afica .
So I do believe that it is not good because the resources are limited .
on the other hand , it is good for selling new cars .
Because every individual means potential customer .
So looking in this perspective while human beings are increasing and spreading all over the world , it is not possible that the amount of the cars reduce .
For example researches show that , comparing the car selling rates with the past thirty years it is consistently increasing every year .

In conclusion , in the light of the facts I stated above , I disagree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I consider there might be people who agree with that statement .
However in my opnion my reasons are crucial and essential for me .
Therefore in my opinion in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there today .
Some people like to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
This solution presents the advantage of not having to worry about the organization of the trip .
Although this way of travelling is easy , I personnaly prefer to avoid the touristic routes and adapt my schedule to my own interests and mood , rather than be part of a guided tour .

Travelling in some countries , where languages and cultures are real boundaries ( Japan , China , ... )
can be really challenging .
Guided tours in these cases facilitate greatly the process of organizing a journey to such areas of the world .
Guided tour also generally focus on the most remarkable locations and attractions that `` must '' be seen .
They sometimes provide a valuable insight on the local culture and past .
In some cases , a guide is even absolutely required to venture in parts of the world such as deserts .

However , guided tours tend to always target the most touristic sites .
In countries like Vietnam or China , guided tours have created real touristic routes .
I believe that following these paths do not provide a good idea of how the country works , how the people live , etc ...
some highly visited places also are of less interest than what advertised by the gided tours , which result in loosing precious time .

When I travel , I therefore prefer to have the freedom to visit less touristic places , modify my schedule as I wish and meet with the local people .
Even if I do n't speak their language , I think that communication is always possible .
A few years ago , I spent two months in India .
I had the chance to live for four weeks in a small village in South Inda 's countryside .
I felt that sharing the life of the village inhabitants helped me to understand the complexity and harshness of life in this part of the world .
During the following three weeks , I traveled all around South Inda and I found myself much more receptive to the Indian specificity and customs .
This unique experience would not have been possible if I had travelled in a group led by a tour guide .

As a conclusion , I would say that when a guide in not absolutely needed , guided tours are not the best way to travel .
Travelling in a group sometimes results in missing little or extraordinary things that tells a great deal about a country .
What is really being young nowdays ?
We often talk of the problems created by young people beaking the law and respecting nothing and no one in the suburbs .
But it is not the majority of young people .
We talk less about quiet young people just trying to do their best in life and who do help their community .
This leads to the last point , even for the ones willing to help , it is not always easy to do so .
They lack opportunity and time .

When we heard about young people nowdays , what do we hear ?
We hear about the laws that were broken , the policemen that were attacked , the cars that were burnt .
Of course it is a part of the problem but as it is often the case , the worse aspect is very well known and many people tend to forget that it concerns only a minority .
So we should focus on the majority of young people , the one we rarely hear of .

In universities or graduate schools , there are clubs or groups .
These are about music , theater , art , sport , games but many concern the help that can be given by students .
For example , in the school I went to , there was at least a dozen of such clubs .
Some students gave lessons to children , some got toys for poor children , some spent time to give food to poor people and some even went to India to build a school .
These clubs were among the most popular ones as many students thought it was normal to give an afternoon per week helping those who needed it .

The last point I would like to develop is that , even it is always possible to say that the young ones do not help their communities enough , it is not always a question of lack of good will .
When you are young , you are explained that you have many responsabilities , a huge number of things to do in order to prepare your future life .
All these problems , that might seem easy to solve afterwards , are difficult to face when you are young and without experience .
They often leave little time available or no strengh to face something else .

The conclusion could be that young people 's reputation suffers from what is being said about a minority of them and that the other most certainly do what they can , even if it might not always be enough .
I believe that it is true that most if not all advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
If we compare the number of products that are today in the market to the number of products sixty five years ago , we will notice that there is a noticeable growth .
Because of that , the competition has increased .
Producers have to come up with new ideas how to present their product in a way that is going to convince the buyer to choose their product and not any other that is on the market .
When they ca n't improve their product or if it is even to expensive to make an improvement , owners of companies decide to make their product look much better in the advertisement than it actually is .

Human beings are mainly stimulated when it comes to buying things by how a certain product looks .
For example , we can find a lot of shopping channels on TV .
The product is always presented in a perfect way .
Here we can see how the products are not just visually perfect but also perfect in the way they work .

A good example for this are exercise machines .
Lots of machines promisse you to develope a perfect body in a limited time frame .
For their advertisement they choose people in perfect shape that might not even use that product in real life .
But of course they claim how much that product has helped them to stay as fit and healthy as they are .
Another product similar to this one is a weight loss pill , which always promisses people weight loss in a short period of time without having to watch what they eat .

It is very dissapointing to watch how many people fall in to this traps , buying products and discovering later on that is was not what they believed they would be getting for their money .
Students are being asked to be more and more competitive , they have to learn a great amount of things and they also have to understand what they 're learning .
But , do we consider that understading is the main quality they have to get or do they have to challenge their memory for everything ?

In order to answer to this question , I 'm going to think first if we can understand without learning and then I 'll evoke the importance of both learning and understanding in the studies .

When you 're in class listening to a lecture , you want to focus on the main ideas developped by the lecturer : you want to know if , once outside , you 'll be able to explain what you 've heard to a friend .
First the facts are n't the things you want to keep in mind ; you desire to remember only the major concepts and ideas you have understood .
But for instance , in a History class you can understand the causes of the Second World War except that if you have forgotten all the dates about the conflict nobody will follow you ; indeed the dates help the listener to understand what has happened and give him some hints to understand causes of the war in a global way .

So it seems pretty hard for a student to understand everything if he does n't begin with learning .
Consequently , a student has to work with his memory , he must be aware that he ca n't understand the whole subject main ideas if he has n't learned a little .
You can explain easily a concept to someone if you have in mind all the background that you 've learned about the subject before .
For example , if you know which event has happened when and where and if you can link it with other events then you understand thanks to what you have been taught by your teachers !

To conclude , I 'll sum up the previous points I 've discussed about : it 's obvious that you can try to understand everything you 're told without learning but you 'll have some issues to understand the whole thing , you might understand a part of it .
If you complete your understanding with a serious learning then you get the opportunity to master your subject and then you become what we can call a great student .
I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are several reasons why I think this way .
In this essay , I am going to talk about them .

First , we can apply those broad knowledge base of many academic subjects to further learnings .
Without basic broad knowledge of many academic subjects , it can be hard to learn new things because what we only know well is only one specific subject .
In this sense , we can only adopt new things relating to the one specific subject we know well about .
For example , say that I did n't focus on any other subject but only on Chemistry .
And I faced new graphs like velocity vs. time .
Even though I can just memorize the characterstics , it will be very confusing to understand why the graphs look like that without knowledges in mathmetics .
Therefore , some knowledge in mathematics would help me in learning chemistry as well .
Thus , broad knowledge of many academic subjects is important .

Second , it will develop us in thinking critically , beyond and above .
If our knowledge is limited in one specific subject , then our brain will work relating only to that specific subject .
For example , say that I learned about European history in the history class .
We are to memorize the facts that happened in each country time by time for internal assessments and tests .
At this point , imagine you also learned a lot about economics in the class .
Now then the events took in each country time by time will appear a lot easier than they were when you did n't know anything about economics .
This is because the historical events are somewhat related to its economic conditions at that time as well .
Like this , broad knowledge of many academic subjects help us think critically , beyond and above .

Lastly , we can have a good conversation with any kind of people in variety of jobs or professions in society .
If I lack of broad knowledge of many academic subjects , it will be hard to understand people of different professions than ours .
Therefore , it can result my bad relationship with other people later on .
For example , say that I 'm professional in economics and I 'm meeting a philosopher for first at a cafe .
Personally , I want to make a good relationship with him .
However , during the talk , whatever he thinks is way too much different than I think that is .
Also , it 's hard to understand him because I do n't know anything about other subjects from economics ; as well as philosophy .
Therefore , I will definitely have a hard time talking to him .
But imagine if any one of us had broad knowledge of many academic subjects ; say the philosopher did , then he would understand me even his thoughts are different from what I think .
Then , we will somehow keep good relationship between each other .
Like this , broad knolwedge of many academic subjects help us in communicating with other people and make social relationships better in the future .

In conclusion , with the facts above , I think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
It helps us apply them to further learnings , develops our critical thinking skills and gives a chance to make a good social relationship with other people .
I am in total agreement with the statement , `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
Although many might object to this opinion of mine by simply giving the example of the huge increase in the production of the cars the world has witnessed in the last few decades , I would like to draw their attention to the reasons behind my backing the statement .

First and foremost , the industrial revolution that has first introduced the concept of faster and comfortable travel by means of cars has also led to an increased rate of depletion of the planet 's non renewable energy sources and not to mention an increased state of anxiety among the environmentalists regarding the way the pollution - air , water , land has been slowly eating up the planet .
This has resulted in an increasing number of ventures every day by various nations and their respective governments to tackle these issues .
For example , Japan has asked its citizens to use the older means of transport like bicycle to commute to their offices if they are nearby and now it has made a significant break through in designing cycles that are run by solar power and are as comfortable as driving a car to the work place .
It is these inventions that offer an alternative to stall the present energy crises and it can only be concluded that such desings are going to increase in number in the coming years owing to the fact that all graduate and professional colleges are encouraging their students to continue research in such fields .

Secondly , the population boom which many countries are witnessing would hardly leave any more space to build new roads .
The fact that skyscrapers were first built to conserve space makes me believe that even in developing countires like India , which incidentally has the secong highest population in the world , a day would come where commuters would have to travel from their residential places by means of fast moving , solar powered trains that run in between the residential quarters but at an elevated level .
And my belief is further supplemented by the huge technological leaps the world has made in the last five years alone .
To exemplify this point , I would say the communcations sector .
Who would have thought that within ten years of their introduction the cell phones have come a long way from their humble beginnings to their moders state-of-the-art sophistication .

Finally , my last but point that hugely weighs in making me stick to the statement is the underlying changes in the attitude of the people .
The last five to six decades have made people see the downfall of living a fast life and people have been showing a marked tendency to slow down the pace of their life .
People are turning to yoga and family support more than they previously did which makes me believe that inspite of more and rapid technological advencements in the years to come people have started showing more care for the mother nature and this will lead to a reduction in the number of cars that will be put on the roads in the future .
Is a person only successful if he or she is willing to take risks ?
The definition of success is of course a rather difficult one to begin with and must be considered as highly objective .
Success can be related to the business world , the world of sports , the home or even to a very private level .
I would like to keep my essay as open as possible and not focus on one specific area .

If a person sticks to a ` business as usual ' policy all the time , I think that apart from not reaching higher goals , this person will also remain in a state of boredom .
Continuity is a safe strategy in times of instability and must always be considered .
However , it should not become the main strategy .

If a person takes risks , he or she is exposed to several unpleasant possibilities .
There is of course always a danger of failure involved in all new and unusual approaches .
People who strive for higher things and thus take risks are often made fun of .
Being creative and reaching for the stars has something frightening to other , less adventureous beings .
Another negative effect can be lonelyness .
People who have visions and try to live them are often abondoned by friends who cannot deal with the high reaching ambitions and maybe sometimes with the lack of scrouple that can be detected in the person who stives for success .

Being a pioneer has advantages as well , of course .
Reaching ones goals and being successful is rewarded with utter satisfaction and depending on what risk has been taken it can lead to world wide fame .

Personally , I agree with the statement .
I see the negative sides of taking risks but I am convinced that we were born to live our dreams even if they may seem ridiculous or even stupid to others around us .
It is not always the easiest thing to aim for something extraordinary and it can lead to countless difficulties .
It is good to have a mixture of both worlds : being willing to take risks and knowing when to apply well-known procedures but I hold it with the old saying : no risk - no fun !
Nowadays people use to describe our society with quickly changing terms .
A popular one is : ` the ego-society ' .
The theroy of writers or journalists employing this description is that especially young , urban people are very focussed on their career and benefit , not being very interested in communal activities or even in social relationships .

From my experience I can say that I know many people who live this way , thinking only of their own interest .
At school for example there were much fewer possible activities or clubs then in former days , because fewer and fewer students were willing to organize or conduct one .
Most initiatives were brought up by teachers who did not recieve much support .

There are , of course many examples of socially very active Juveniles who for example work in institutions for disabled people in their free time or simply organize sports clubs .
I think that there is an active culture of helping others without any benefit even among young people .
But still the main tendency is to leave such aparently unattractive works to others or demand pay .

This developement which can be seen in many of our big cities surely has its reasons .
Advertisement in television keeps showing us a world , a very attractive world in which you are not much more than the sum of the things you own .
Young people today do not identify themselves with the moral or social values of their parents , they have become out of date .

While our parents were for example celebrating Parties of their quarter or village nowadays young people prefer anonymous discotheques or bars .
They seem to barely identify with the places they live in and many of the older people surrounding them .
Instead peer groups meet in chat rooms on the internt or shopping malls in the outskirts .
Since many do not feal being part of their community they have no clear idea what or whom they should give their help and time .
I do agree with the previous statement .
On television we can always see how great current or new products are or work .
The producers want to make us buy only their products and they present it as the best one ever .
Mostly they also add that their products are especially cheap and that it is necessary to buy it , because without them the customers were helpless .

A very good example is soap for washing the dishes .
In the advertisement the customer is told that the dishes will be extremely clean and shiny after cleaning with that soap .
And usually they compare it to the worse ` current ' and ` usual ' soap .
If the customer is convinced by that advertisement he will buy the product , use it and usually see that it does not work as good as the advertisement had told him .
He could have also bought the cheaper one from the other store .

Another and similar example is soap for washing clothes .
In the advertisement the customer is told that this product will wash the clothes cleaner and ` whiter ' than any other product he can find .
The customer will go through the same process I have mentioned above .

Also a good example is paste for colouring the hair .
In the advertisement is shown how good the product will cover the original hair colour .
The customer is convinced and buys the product , but when he uses it he has to notice that the new colour cannot cover the original one the way he would like to .

One example is also organized tours or holidays .
The organisations offer very cheap tours to nice countries with stays in a nice hotel and flights included .
Thus they want to make customers use there organisation and those are often paid by hotels to bring cutomers there .
But often it happens that the hotel is much worse than it had been described or the arroundings do not look as nice as on the pictures .
And the pool described as ` next to the hotel and very nice pool ' looks dirty and is far too small for all the hotel guests .
Additional to that the food might be bad or the hotel has only two instead of four stars .

Producers use that way of advertisement to get close to the customers and to offer them what those want , but usually the products look much nicer , only to make them attractive to the people .
I agree with the idea that people should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects instead of just specialize in one certain subject .
there are many reasons supporting my opinion .

First , I believe that academic subjects are the path leading to the knowledge of the world , therefore one should n't limit his or her time devoting within only one subject ; people , especially college students , should take various courses in all kinds of fields before they decide what certain academic field they wish to receive further education .
If we only study one certain field , we will loose the whole forest for one tree .

Second , I believe that although knowledge is categorized into assorted academic subjects , each individual subject is related to one another ; therefore we could not possibly understand one subject without studying the others .
For example , math is considered as `` the mother of all science , '' but people studying in philosophy still need to learn math in order to understand the foundation of logic , no less than researchers in physics , engineering , or finance fields .

Last but not least , as the old saying goes , `` Learning is like buliding a pyramid ; the broaden you build it , the taller it reaches . ''
By learning widely initially we can easily understand a specific subject later .
Moreover , if we cannot absorb a broad range of academic subjects , our perspectives will also be narrowed .
We wo n't be able to accept opposite ideas and multiple opinions from other , nor will we be willing to adopt new thoughts and images from subjects outside of our own instantly .

In conclusion , I believe that `` Jack of all trades is also Master of ONE . ''
A person who acquires broad knowlege of many academic subjects could undoubtedly achieve speciality in one specific subject too .
Therefore , I agree with the idea that the former is better than the latter .
Different people can have different opinion about this topic .
some will go for understanding the ideas by keeing their point of view as - learning can be made easier by understanding the ideas .
But some consider learning facts are more important then understanding the ideas .

Considering from my point of view - I totally concede with the statement `` it is more important for student to understand the ideas and concepts then it is for them to learn the facts '' .

I endorse my view by saying that `` learnig in depth can result in more innovations '' .
It is very important for a student to understand the basic fundamental of the problem .
suppose if a student is solving the problem related to mathmatics and he is doing calculus , then it would be quite difficult for the student to solve the problem by just remembering the facts there , instead if he knows the basic formulas and method use those formulas according to the question it would be easier to solve the problem .

In the second place `` to be practical '' it is necessary to have full fleged knowledge about the subject and the concepts behind that. , And scientist have proved that .
They may not be able to find new innovations by just learnig facts .
If we will run only after facts and learn them how we will be able to grow our mind To create mental agility , to explore ourselves , to think beyond other 's point of view , it is very important to have greater and deep knowledge of the concepts .
By knowing the ideas afer the situtation it becomes easier to have a command over that .

So i would say that students should learn the fundamentals behiend every problem , because it will help in creating their mind , power of thinking , abilty to take quick decision , flexiblity to adapt to different situtations , because the are the backbone of the nation and in their hand lies the fate of the nation
In twenty years time i dont think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

The way i see it is that in order to leesen the number of cars in use we have to come up with ways to make us less dependent on there use meaning that we have to come up with many new trasportation way and systems that are suffitient and at the same time efficent enough to surve the public .

there are a lot of examples for making good trasportation methods that can be introduced although some had already been indeed intruduced but needs to be made more effeint , satisfying and accesable for people .

one of those examples are trains and the subway systems that have been intoduced in a lot of countries but not in others beacause there too small or the country cant affiord bulid and applying them .
another example is the use of the bus systems and again buses are used in a lot of countries but not every body would be intrested in using bus case they may seem uncomfrtable and unsatisfactory .
another good examples is the use of beycicles for trasportation like whats been done in some of the highly populated poor countries .

if the the goverments came up with ways to improve the trasportations systems given in the examples and try to come up with even newer and more advanced ones i beleive we could see fewer cars in use in the future my argumet is just that it will probaly take more than twenty years to see that happening

THE END
As far as different concepts for education in school are concerned it 's still a great issue if learning facts or understanding ideas should have the main priority .
The given statement says that to understand ideas is more important than to learn facts .
I personally agree with this statement .
These are my main points :

At first facts can be read in books , thus also be looked up .
In our age , when information is so easy accessible ( one could mention the internet here ) , I think the importance of remembering facts is much lower then it perhaps once was .
On the other hand it is very difficult to read ideas in books because it is part of the essence of ideas that one must have understood them once if he wants to remember them an use them later .

That leads me to my second point : Facts can only hardly be remembered .
I personally often had to learn a large amount of facts ; and I forgot them only a few days later .
Concerning ideas , that is not the problem .
Once unterstood , ( this is truly necessary , as already mentioned ) certain ideas can be remembered a long time after one had learned them .

But there is another important point that has to be mentioned .
Learning ideas helps to create own ideas .
Once the structure of a certain idea or argumentation is understood , the student might be able to adapt those structures in his own way of thinking .
In the end this is definitely one condition for maturation and responsibility .
Just learning facts wo n't help you to think on your own , perhaps not even to use those facts in a new situation .

To put it in a nutshell , I definitey agree with the statement .
Thougt there are certain cases in which knowing facts is quite essential , e.g. as history as a subject is concerned .
I think it 's not possible to dicuss this issue argueing just for one of the mentioned concepts .
But refering to the thesis , just saying that it is MORE IMPORTANT to understand ideas , I can agree .
`` Only people who venture into the Sea get the Pearl '' .
So goes an ancient Indian proverb .
And how true ?
I completely agree with the statement that success comes to those who take risks and do n't merely rest on past laurels .
I will present some explanations and examples to support my strong opinion about the issue .

If we stop and think about what will happen if all of us continue to do only the things we are sure of , or things we are best at ?
I shudder to think of such an eventuality .
The whole world would come to a grinding halt .
The world needs innovation and hunger in people to try on new things .
And the people who do that can be called the drivers of the world .
They are the leaders in the true sense .
For example had Gallileo not taken a stand about the earcth being round , had columbus not made that discovery that changed the world order .
What would the world be like ?
The constant need of change and trying on newer and better things may be risky but is certainly worthwhile .

Also in this fast changing world , if people however successful , stop trying new things and taking risks , they will soon find themselves not successful .
Businesses , scientists and governments , in other words all the people need to take risks just to survive .
You can keep on doing what you do best ; but in time you will realise that the thing you do no longer is good enough because the times have changed .

Moreover none of the inventions and discoveries were made without taking risk .
Currently popular management and business procedures were a risk when they were implemented for the first time .
We have only the people to thank who were brave enough to take up the challenge .
We need more such people if we continue our growth in almost any field .

Another important fact about risks and new things is the novelty value and the motivational effect .
New things and risks challenge people which is fodder for most successful people .
They crave for that challenge - they are challenged to out do themselves and this keeps the successful people going on .

Here goes a common joke on Bill Gates .
`` Bill Gates dropped out of school to create the Microsoft empire .
I can bet my last dollar on `` Had he continued in school , he would still be working in Microsoft - just owned by someone else '' .

This aptly concludes that success comes to those who are not averse to taking risks and constantly try newer things .
With the development of tourism industry all over the world , more and more people will choose to travel in their leisure time .
However , the first problem the tourists will be confronted with is whether to travel in a group led by a tour guide or to travel alone .
While some people may appreciate the advantage of travelling in a group for its convenience and experieced guide , I tend to choose to travel alone .
The benefits of travelling alone are listed as follows : when you travel alone , you can meet new friends during the journey ; also , you can find that travelling is much more flexible than leading by a tour guide ; last , the price is lower when you travel on your own .

First in first , when you travel alone , chanced are that you will make new friends during your journey and thus share your experieces and knowledge about the destination , about the world and about the real life .
For example , once I travel alone in Beijing , the charming city in China , it so happened that when I was trying to climb up the Great Wall , a stranger lent me his hand and he helped me to finish climbing the wall .
After we reached the top , we were already good friends and communicated a lot on our tourist experience .
Up till today , he is still my best friend in my life and we keep in touch with each other by mail and share our journey .

The next point of travelling alone is its flexibility .
Just think , if I was led by a guide , I will be forced to leave or go to a place I do n't like very much and have to go when I really want to stay for more time .
While I travel alone , I can figure out my favorite places and to select the nearest routine to the destinations .
Whenever I want to stay for a while , I can just enjoy my time .
There is no restrictions for me to travel .

Last but not the least , I found that travelling alone can be much cheaper than travelling in a group led by a tour guide .
As we all know , every travel agency must make profit to support their business .
Thus , they may be overcharged on the payment .
However , if I travel alone , I can save money for the sake of my own .
For example , I can choose the cheapest hotel rather than the expensive one .
Also I can choose to travel by train rather by air , which means a lot more expenditure .

As the reasons mentiond above , I prefer to travel on my own , not in a group .
The opportunities of making new friends , the flexibility of my travelling time and the economic fee I have to pay for my trip are all the factors that contribute to the reason .
People enjoy their lives more when they are young .
With old age come illness and suferring .
Young people sure have more resposibilities .
They have to work hard to secure their future .
They have to aquire skills that will help them have a sustainable life .
With all these responsibilities comes lot of fun and excitement .
Young people have the desire to suceed .
They also have lots of energy and enthusiasm to accomplish this .
In the process of accomplishing something they enjoy life .

Young people are very flexible ..
The flexibility makes them look at the positives in another person .
So they can make friends easily .
We are well aware that life without friends and family is meaningless .
So young people live life to its fullest .

On the other hand older people spend their time worrying about everyday affairs .
They worry about their family , providing for them , their job and so on .
This is the case in any family .
Parents spend their life working hard for the family with no time for fun .
A busy mother will not have time to go for a walk and enjoy nature .
As one gets older things worsen .
Health deteriorates with time .
With illness comes all the suferring .
It is true that health is wealth .

Its true that a person becomes wise with time .
But he also looses the ability to experement with life and take risks .
To accomplish anything in life one needs to tahe certain amount of risks .
So older people enjoy life lesser than young people .

With youthfulness comes exuberence and vibrance .
young people appreciate things that are taken for granted by older people like nature and so on .
Time takes away the high spirits from a person .
It makes them more sober .
So young people indeed have more fun than older people .
Most of adults tend to criticize the young people for their not taking time to help the local communities .
They insist that most young people these days only focus on their own life , taking individualism as the most important thing .
And also adults are urging young people to get out of thier own lives and try to help the others who are suffering from economical or emotional problems in their community .
And then , according to what the adults say , young people like us have to take a full responsibility for that ?
No , I do n't think so .

There are so many young people who are willing to help others in the local community .
But the problem is that they do n't have enough time to look around and help distressed people and bad circumstances .
Recent survey on the empolyment rate of college graduates showed that only half of them have been employed .
That 's mainly because while the companies are provinding much less jobs , the potential applicants have been increased greatly .
That means that the competition for seeking jobs became much severe and they have to invest enourmous amounts of time getting qualified to work for the companies .
Qualifications for getting permitted to the company are becoming more and more strict as time passes .
As a result , it 's almost impossible for young people to take time serving their communities .

Secondly , as current society is being westernized so much compared to the past decades , the concept of `` community '' became vague .
Few people are well aware of what the community means to them , which means they do n't feel like they have to serve the community .
Current society is not community-centered any more but each home-centered .
Modern people have a tendency to only focus on their family and relatives .
That is , these social concept change on the community is one of the main reasons that young people these days do n't give enough time to helping community .
In this point they ca n't be blamed for that .

It does n't make sense to only criticize the young people for not helping their community .
There are other factors that young people can not control for themselves .
Instead of blaming them only based on their behaviors , social structure which can encourage young people to take their time to help the communities have to be established first .
Car was among the most significant inventions in the 20th century .
it has greatly improved transportation and brought tremendous convenience to our lives .
However , today , some people start to believe that car usage is going to decline in the near future .
Nonsensical ?
Not really .
I do agree that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years .
I will now explain my points .

First , twenty years later , it is very likely that other means of transpotation , such as aeroplanes and trains , will take over cars .
Today , travelling by air is already getting cheaper and faster .
With all the budget airlines emerging and the major air companies expanding their routs , air transportation system is going to get more established and more convenient .
The same is happening to train transporation sector .
Therefore , when this phenomenon continues to take place , cars will soon lose their popularity , especially when coupled with the next problem .

Most people may also stop driving as the cost of driving continue to increase .
By cost of driving , I am chiefly refering to the cost of petrol .
Petrol price is constantly on its rise today .
Twenty years later , petrol price may become so high that many people may not be able to afford using a car .
Hence , with many substitutes available , such as air-traveling and train-traveling , it is logical to expect a decline in car usage twenty years down the road .

Last but not least , people are getting more and more environmentally conscious today .
This consciousness is expected to discourage car usage in the future , so as to reduce air and noise pollution that most big cities are experiencing now .
People may switch to public transports for travelling within the city .
Some people may even choose to cycle instead of driving .
In other words , as people get more educated and concern about the environment more , one can expect the see less cars in the future .

In essence , cars may once be the favorite of Man in terms of traveling , but reality shows that this may not be the case soon .
Humankind always need knowledge to reach goodlife standarts .
Therefore knowledge is a very important aspect of a person 's life .
There are different point of views about the types of knowledges what people should have .
Firstly some people think that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
In contrary to those some think that specializing in one specific subject is better .
I personally agree with the first idea depending on three reasons .
First of all , person with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects would have more job opportunities than a person who is specified in one subject .
Secondly , I think that people should be aware of what is going on in the world for being an intellectual person .
The last , but not least , if someone wants to have a deep , rich conversation he should be able to know about a lot information about the life .

First of all , a person with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects would have more job opportunities than a person who is specified in one subject .
For example you are a businessman and you manage a business .
If you want to hire a employee to your marketing department and you have two choices .
First one is a guy with specific and exact information about marketing sector and there is other choice , he knows about both marketing and computer as well as communication .
Which one would you prefer ?

Secondly , i think that people should be aware of what is going on in the world wide on the way of being an intelligence person .
Therefore we could have much opportunities of communicating , applying any kind of job , being speakable and etc .

The last , but not least , if someone wants to have a deep , rich and wide conversation that person should be able to know about a lot of information about the enviroment , life and the world wide .
Therefore he could have many topics to talk on does not matter who he wants to speak .
If he gets with a dentist he should be able to know about the teeth , like brushing it , caring it or how to fix if you have a problem about it .
Therefore the person would have many friends and be much more attractive to the people in his enviroment

All in all , as I said before people should have broad knowledge of many academic subject for both having more opportunities for jobs and being an intelligence person as well as getting more friends and being able to have a conversation with anyone he likes to .
As I mentioned above I am trying to improve myself in every topic that I could be able to gain information about it .
By doing this I am believing that I could reach goodlife standarts and have much more friends .
Therefore I will always try to improve myself in every topic that I could get to know of .
Life is a journey from birth to death .
Through this journey , a person experiences many things .
But when it comes to enjoying life , certain qualities of a person affects the level of enjoying .
One of this qualities is person 's age .
And I think , the less your age is , the more you enjoy life .
That is , young people enjoy life more than older people do .

First reason that comes to my mind why youth is more enjoyable is because you are healthier when you are young .
If you are not healthy nothing can cheer you up as much as it is supposed to .
It is obvious that when you get old , health problems begin to lower your satisfaction from life .
And also the things to stay healthy get harder to make , for example , sports .

In addition to health problems , the fear of death begins to bug your mind more often when you get old .
When a person is young he/she rarely thinks about death , because it seems far away from him/her as if it would never ring his/her door .
Existence of this fear makes life less enjoyable than it was when he/she was young .

Hope is a very important thing when it comes to enjoying life .
Hope makes you to gain the power needed to struggle with the problems of life .
Thanks to the many years ahead of the young person and relatively bad experiences , he/she keeps his/her hope more easily than an experienced old person .
Hope may not be necessarily result in a desired situation but the hope itself makes life more enjoyable .

Lastly , as a more personal opinion : If I was an old person I would be sad that I wo n't be able to see the possible advancements in world .
For example , I can predict that we will be able to see man like robots in twenty-thirty years .
Having the possibility to see these advancements make life more enjoyable for me .
I do n't agree at all with the idea that a young generally enjoys life more than older people do .
We usually think about youth as a golden period of our life where we experience many unforgettable moments while we tend to consider the final period of our existence as the most painful one .
Nevertheless we have to consider also the other side of the coin as a young person usually faces many difficulties an older person does n't deal with anymore .

There are in my opinion three different kinds of problems you face in when you are young .

First of all , everything is brand new to a you .
You pass through a lot of experiences you do n't know how to deal with because you lack the required experience about it .
This often creates fears and doubts that is quite difficult to cope with unless you get the help of an older knowledgable person .
For instance the doubts faced for the choice of a university , a crucial step in life , can be lived in a very negative way and can create a big sense of lack of direction .

Secondly there are many situations that during your life you experience several times thus getting used to them .
But when you are young and you experience these situations for the first time you are much more sensible to them than a older person would be .
A typical example is love .
A young person usually suffers much more than a older one because of love relationships because they are not yet used to them while getting older you acquire the experience that allows you to suffer less .

In the end , when you are young you do n't know yourself very well since you are not aware of your strengths and weaknesses .
This can cause a serious lack of self-confidence that creates very unpleasant feelings and thoughts in ayoung person .
When you get older , instead , you are aware of your successed and failures and you get no more disappointed by them .
There are a lot of people that think that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , but in my opinion it is better to specialize in one .

In my opnion , the problem with having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is that the person can not have a strong and deep knowledge of each one of them because he or she will have practically unlimited sources of study , and this will derive in knowing just a few things or very superficial facts of each subject .
I realize , though that there are people that study a lot of academic subjects because they are trully interested in them , and only for their pleasure , in that case I admire them for having so many different interests .

In my personal case I found that specializing was a much better thing to do .
For example , I am a physician and the subject of medicine is absolutly huge , so when I finished the medicine school I decided to be a specialist in Neurology .
When I got into my speciality I realized again that it was practically imposible to have a very strong knowledge about all the field of neurology , first because it is a very vast part of the medicine , and second because it is changing practically in a daily basis , and being current with all the information is a quite difficult task .
Thus , I decided to sub specialized in neuro-oncoly in order to be able to have a very strong and deep knowledge of the subject , even though it is a very specific one .

In summary , I know that there are people that prefer to study many different subjects , that could work very well for them but it does n't work for me .
I think that it is better having a strong knowledge at least in one field and not superficial knowledge in a lot of subjects .
Some people feel that it is more important for students to learn facts rather than to understad ideas and concepts .
Such peole tend to think that learning facts can be the most effective way of increasing their knowlege in a variety of subjects .
In my opinion , however , for students , comphrehending ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts .
This essay will discuss two main reaons to support my opinion in more detail below .

Firtst , I am definitely convinced that it is more important for studnets to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
The reason is that by understanding ideas and concepts , students can improve their academic achievements more effectively .
In my exprience , for example , When I was in junior high school , I hated remembering a lot of formulas to solve math questions .
In the realm of mathematics , formulas mean facts .
However , When I took my math class from Mr Kimura for the first time at the age of 15 , I began to be good at math because he could teach me the concepts of formulas in very convincing ways .
That is , What I learned from his class is that in order to learn facts , understanding concepts or ideas which are strongly related to facts are indispensable to improve my academic achievement more quickly and effectively .

Second , I feel that it is more crucial for students to comprehend ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts because understanding ideas and concepts can help students to improve their imagination and creativity .
For instance , in my personal experience , when I encounter unfamilitar words and phrases for my study of English , I always try to come up with the concepts of those words and phrases by myself before looking into my dictionary or referenced books , and I do believe that repeating this kind of practice day after day , I will be able to be skillfil in my creativity and imagination .

All in all , I strongly believe that for students , understanding ieas and concepts more important than learning facts not only because they can promote their academic performance more effectively and quickly but also because understanding concepts and ideas can be beneficilal for students to improve their imagination and creativity .
Concerning the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well , I agree to a cerain extend .
While certain people can achieve a certain level of success by only drawing on old knowledge the majority of the people who have success , do so because of their willingness to break out try new strageties .
The first part of my essay will give arguments for this fact , while also providing examples .
The second part will draw the attention on the fact that experiences and old strategies can still be usefull , while only partly .

If one looks back in time the most people that can retrospectively regarded as successfull have taken risks and tried now stregeties .
The willingness to break out of fixed patterns of society and try new approaches has mostly resulted in success .
This applies for various fields , such as natural sciences , humanitarian scineces and especially the business world .
To give an historical example , Gutenberg invented printing as a means to reproduce texts in the 15th century .
With this he risked the anger the clerus , who had a monopoly in this field .
However , he was successful and changed the way of publishing forever .
Also today we can find similar examples , which can also be much simpler .
For example the Starbucks inventor had the simple idea to sell standadized coffee to go at various places with a brand name that stood for quality , as opposed to the classical behauvious of drinking a cup of coffee in a cafe .

However trying out new things is not sufficent to be successful .
It is important to have draw on a certain knowledge and certain skills that exstist already .
Without those skills the development of a new idea can easily result in faluire .
For example the building up of the starbucks empire , which was founded on a new idea , would never have been possible without the knowledge of olod established economic principles and business knowledge .

To conlude I want to draw aon the importance of the two elements that are important when trying out new things .
It is important to use long established skills and knowledge in order to develop a new a idea and realize it as a porject .
This approach is only logical because old knowledge and skills have once been new ideas that people fought for .
It therefore behoves us to use those old methods to realize new and daring projects .
Before thinking about the truthfullness of advertisement , one has to distinguish between the different forms of advertising .
To keep this Essay short I will focus on two forms , informative advertising and emotional advertising .

Emotional advertisement tries to connect certain emotions and a certain image with a specific product .
For example Marlborough cigarettes have always been associated with freedom .
Because of this definition of emotional advertising , it cannot be truthfull or untruthfull .
People will buy a product because it evokes certain feelings and emotions .
In effect the advertisement of certain products is actually part of the product itself .
The reason for this is that most people would not buy a product such as a Louis Vuitton handbag if it would n't have an image of luxury connected to it .
This image of luxury is only upheld by advertisement .
Only the customers know at the end if the image and the emotions they acquired are as good as suggested by the advertisement .
I do not think this can be generalised in emotional advertisement .

Informative advertisement on the other hand informs the potential customers about a certain product , in order to convince them that it is the best product they can get .
This form of advertisement can of course be truthfull or untruthfull .
By witholding facts about a product or by actually lying about a product it is possible for firms to get an advantage over their competitors .
But in general , lies do not last very long .
It is not wise for companies to raise expectations they cannot uphold .
If a company dissapoints its customers they will never buy this companies products again .
In my opinion companies exaggerate the benefits of their products only so much as is expected by the customers .
Customers expect advertisement to be moderately exaggerated and are not dissapointed if they buy such a product .

So in my opinion advertisements do not make products seem much better than they are , because customers expect advertisements to be exaggarated .
Many people think that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
After weighing the pros and cons , I will argue in favour of this opinion .

First of all , I believe it is necessary to mention the main purpose of an advertisement : it is used to sell a product .
In that way , the advertisement has to be original , that is what I personally think , colorful to involve people to pay attention to it and to the product , and sometimes humouristic .
Today , there are a lot of agencies which create advertisements .
Thanks to the development of computer , the agencies can use new efficient techniques to launch an attractive ad .
But they do not care about the truth ...

Secondly , the message said in the advertisement is also very important .
For instance , agencies try to prove that without this product you can no longer live !
You must absolutely buy it !
They also aim to prove with a well-invented sentence that the product is not expensive when referring to its incredible advantages !
A message that I really hate is the following : `` More white than white '' .
Naturally it is used to describe the effect of a powder .
I can not help thinking that such an ad is a lie .
In this case , the advertisement makes the product much better than it really is ...

I find useful to underline that a great number of `` discount products '' in supermarkets have a very good taste , for instance , and yet have not necessary been the object of an ad .

After closely examining the abose arguments , it is clear that I do not agree with everything created by advertising agencies .
Yes they have to develop a good image of the product , but unfortunately , it goes too far .
I like watching ads on TV or even in the street , but I always be reluctant to buy products whom ad seems to exagerate .
I agree to the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
To my mind , this is a typical but natural problem of advertisment .
Showing an obvious benefit of buying the product , or even present a brand to a new market , advertisment is designed to let the selling rates increase .
And that is why advertisment only announces the advantages of a product , but not the disadvantages or problems that may occur if using it .
Moreover , the designer of the advertisment is not necessarily interested in the benign of the user who buys the product , despite , he or she just wants to sell it .

To show this problem , I will make two examples of advertisement : Everybody knows that chocolate tastes sweet and delicious on the one hand , but if you eat to much of it , you will get fat .
Nevertheless , the advertisement only deals with the delicious taste or may show a famous person - who is of course not fat at all - eating the chocolate product which shall be bought .
Another , very obvious example for an advertisement exaggerating the use of the product is the advertisement for washing powder : If you use one special brand of washing powder , your clothes will get cleaned much better than bz using another product .
And the white T-shirts in the advertisement are as white one can hardly imagine .

But despite of the negative effects of advertisement , there are positive one 's , too .
Without advertisement you get no idea of the variety of products you are able to buy .
And as you know the problems of advertisement , you can judge it better .
I think every adult , and also most of the teenagers know that not everything advertisement provides is true .
Nevertheless the product may have an advantage .
And often you realize new products which you maybe searching for only by the advertisement .

In conclusion , although most advertisement present products better than they really are , it is not so bad many people belief .
And moreover : You do not have to buy these products .
In the past few years we humans have made great advancements .
With the increase in adcancements , there is so much more to know and learn .
So much is happening every minute .
It is very difficult to keep tab on each and everything happening in the world .
Thus when i am faced with the question as to ` whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject ? ' , I would always choose to specialize in one specific subject .

I beleive that if one is specialized in one particular subject then he is better off in this ever so competitive world than a person who has broad knowledge on many areas , but lacks specialization in one .
Life has become so competitive .
In today 's scenario only the best can survive .
Even the highly qualified people are finding it difficlut to find a proper job .
Having specialized in a particular subject helps give direction to ones life .
Being specialized , one can really prosper in that subject area and do well for himself and his family .
But on the other hand , people who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , are not particularly knowledgeable in one particular area .
Thus it is difficult for these people to find a good stable job .
Today most firms , businesses and agencies prefer specialized individuals who can handfle difficult and trying situations .

I am not trying to argue that people should not have any knowledge about other academic subjects .
I am a strong beleiver in the fact one should have some information of whats going on around him .
But accumulating broad knowledge on many subject areas is not possible if one decides to specialize in one subject .
Many argue that if once a person has obtained specialization in a particular subject then he can still go ahead and obtain broad knwoledge on other academic areas .
But if one feels that obtaining a doctorate or masters in a particular field is enough to be specialized then that person is mistaken .
Specialization means that a person have indepth knowledge about everything in a subject area and this includes keeping tab with current events in that subject area .
To be specialized and hence successful in one 's chosen field the person should keep learning in the subject .
I once asked my uncle who is a highly successful and respected doctor in India that what made him so good .
His answer was that I am not good I am still learning .
Once I have accumumaled all the knowledge there is to obtain in my field will i be good and that can never happen .

So when you are at the crossroads in your life and have to make a decision as to whether to obtain broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject , chose the specialization .
I agree with the statement .
The human beings natural ability to think and to develop new ideas in their mind , is a characteristic that cannot be isolated for themself , and for this reason , persons cannot use their minds it could have an unsuccesful way life .

The history of the world reveals that since the ancient years , the human was always trying to develop new ways to get food , to build a comfortable place to live and to be distinguished than others of it 's kind .
By now , the story is the same , we all are trying to improve in at least in something in a way to be different than others .

Nowadays , the technology and the discoveries made by some humans , are in some ways taking out of the mind of the people the ability to try new things because of the fear to lose what they have or because they feel good with which they have , people feels they do n't need any more .
But at the same time , when humans are enjoying what they have , starts to feel they need more and more , and in this point the human start to develop new ideas in it 's mind .

For this reasons , the human being have to take risks on life , otherwise he cannot be able to improve on something .
Doing what he learned to do it 's a good begining , but in some moment of their lifetime , they will start to take some risk , not only to feel distringuished as I said before , but as an impulse of the mind created by the insctint to `` think '' and `` develop '' new ways to live .
We humans can live doing the same thing much years , repeating the same , but we always going to find in the very deep part of our mind a good reason to do that , a reason about improving , creating or making something new .
I do n't agree with the previous statements bacause , modern technology is advancing with huge steps .
I recently saw a report about a new aeroplane that in ten years will fly from Sidney to London in half an hour , well that 's amazing .
So if new discoveries are taking our world so far ...
cars might be able to do things we would never imagine .
Maybe in twenty years time we will be able to get in our cars and choose a destiny like ...
New York and fly in the comfort of being in your own car and with our family .
All of this might be quite exagerated , but cars wont stop being used , because its the easiest way of moving around , i even think that the use of cars will increase .

By that time cars wont contaminate , they will be electrical and they will be plug each night in gigantic electronic parking lots , that provide energy by solar panels .
Maybe cars will even move by wind enegy or they will have helixes ...
in a certain way we would be kind of returning to `` The Flinstones '' , ( where they moved in a car by sticking out their feet and running around ) , but in a modern way .
And if the problem is traffic ...
there would be two highways , one at the groung and one at the sky , like this everything would go much faster .

Anyway , all of this are major words , that probably wont happen , but that does n't mean that there will be fewer cars , that nowadays .
If there are so much cars right now all over the world , in twenty years that wo n't change bacause defenetly the world is getting faster , more stressed , and more complicated ...
and people wo n't get on a bus to go to work , when everythig is so rushed , people coming in , people goinm out ... , when they could have the facility of getting into their cars and driving to work with no stress and no rush .
The actual problem is parking ...
there 's no more space to park your car in big or small cities .
But for example Dubai and some other countries have allready introduced new robotic parking lots .
They are like a circular skyscraper where cars are parked by a robot .

So I finally have to say that in my opinion , cars wont decrease in our world , they will actually continue increasing and they will make our life much easier .
I disagree with the statement , that young people do n't help their communities enough nowadays , although it is a difficult topic to decide on .
I understand how someone would come to making such a statement , seeing young people rather spending time hanging around at bus stops or the like , or not offering their seat to elderly people in the bus , or listening to them talk about how they do n't care about anything but themselves and their fun , or see them littering in parks or on the streets .

However , I know a lot of people who are very devoted to helping others , to making the environment more comfortable for everyone to live in , or who are very considerate concerning their neighbours and other people .

For example , the number of young people who decide to do a voluntary social service , helping and taking care of mentally and physically challenged people , or do an ecological service by fighting polution by putting information out or cleaning up the countryside , restoring national parks .

Also , a lot of young people help out with communal events like elections , fairs .
Sometimes they initiate such an event , or they simply help by counting votes , for example .
And I 've seen young people sit in the public library and read to children every week , thereby making the happy and maybe help out the parents by taking over , at least for a little while .

Another aspect that I feel should be taken into consideration is the following : Talking about how people nowadays do n't help their communities enough implies two things : firstly , that there was a time when young people were more devoted to their communities , and secondly , that there is a valid measure determining how much help , or how much time spent helping can be considered `` enough '' .

I do n't think that young people of the previous generation devoted more time to their community , exept maybe for the fact that they spent a lot more time their , since they were n't as flexible travelling or choosing the location where to live as young people are today .
Young people , especially when they are still preparing for later employment , often change location , when they start college or university , for example .
And if one only spends a limited time in a community , there might not be enough time or opportunity to get properly envolved .

As for the question how much involvement would be considered enough , I think that this is not a question with an absolute answer .
Some people may think that helping out in a nursing home once a week for one or two hours would be enough , others would not even consider this amount of involvement worth mentioning .

This last aspect alone , which boils down to a question of perspective , is why I cannot agree with the statement that young people do n't spend enough time helping their communities - this and my own experiences with numerous individuals , some of which I have mentioned above , which prove the contrary .
I agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

There are certain factors that need to be considered while choosing a travel plan .

First , My idea of a travel is to take off on a vacation to a new place .
From my experience , I realize that during such trips , I spend much time locating the interesting spots and finding my way to them .
On the contrary , traveling in a group with a guide would help minimize the effort required in planning the trip and provide a real sense of holiday .
It also helps explore the places much effectively and hence realize the benefits of such a trip .

Second , I relate travel to fun and excitement .
Traveling in a group is always fun as it gives an opporunity to meet with people from various backgrounds and geographic locations .
Hence , it serves as a platform to make new friends and share experiences .
It also adds to the fun part since we could organize activities and events that promote participation and interaction in the group .

Further , traveling with friends/family in a group is all the more exciting since it provides an opportunity to spend time with the loved ones .
Also , having a travel guide relieves us of any hassles involved in the planning .

Third , I hate to have a stranger feeling when I am traveling , it gives a great comfort feeling to travel in a group as you have people around that you know .

Though there may be certain shortfalls in traveling in a group , the benefits , by far , outweigh the any such shortfalls .

In sum , I prefer to travel in a group with a tour guide since it meets all my expectations of an ideal vacation .
I do not agree with the idea that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Firstly , techonology will not advance that faster that the role of cars will be replaced by the more advanced technology such as plane or ultra fast train .
Secondly , developing worlds will someday will reach to the point that their major transportation becomes cars .

To begin with , it seems impossible that the more advanced trasportation technologies such as plane or ultra fast train replace the role that current car has .
It is true that in twenty years time , the techonology will be much more develpoed .
However , it draws some skepticism that twenty years later , everyone has access of plane at their home like almost everyone has a car in their house today .
For example , South Korea , in 1986 , already considerable number of people owned cars .
In 2006 , there are still numerous number of people who are not able to get a car because they are too expensive to afford .
It was impossible to even manage car for everyone in twenty years time for the country , then how would it be possible to people to manage some other advanced technology in twenty years time ?
It is just too hard to imagine .

Antoher significan point is that there are more develpoing countries than developed countries in the world .
It will be a bit easier for the people who live in developed countires to imagine the world in twenty years with fewer cars , whether it is for the environmental reason or they dream about the better techonology , Nonetheless , developed coutnries such as many African countries , Eash-Asia countrie still need to take a step to the sociey that every people in their nation owns a car .
That basic stage even has not come to them yet .
Even though people in developed countries use fewer cars in twenty years time , there will be more number of cars overall in the world because the people from the developing countries would be able to manage cars by then .
For example , if China , India or Russia grow the pace the they are growing at the moment , in twenty years of time , people from the nations will use more than millions cars .

It might be possible that fewer cars will be used in twenty years time , however , i think there are far too many problems that unables this statement firstly as the technology will not develop that fast and there are too many develping countire which need to catch up the current technology .
Therefore , it would be impossible to manage less car in twenty years time .
The question being asked is if traveling in a group with a tour guide is a best type of tour .
This issue is important because it has several implications on which type of travel people should have .
I believe that traveling in a group with a guide is not always good .

One reason I believe this is that people have different preferences .
In a group tour , each person needs to follow the group 's plan even though the plan does not care of what he or she wants .
While traveling around France , for example , artists want to visit museums but cooks want to go to fine restaurants .
In a group tour , it is very difficult to satisfy the wishes of every member in the group .

Another reason I do not think that a group tour is best is that people do not have time enough to do what they really like to do in a group tour .
The itinerary of a group tour cannot be flexible very much .
The guide and tourists need to adhere to the existing plan .
While traveling , if you find a fascinating place , you would want to stay for a day or two .
In a group tour , it is almost impossible to change the plan .
This could reduce the true value of traveling .

Finally , I am not a proponent of a group tour because people could lose wonderful opportunities to see and make friends with the people who live in other places .
When you travel on your own , you tend to try to understand the town and its people that you visit .
In a group tour , you may be too busy to do this , following the group 's plan .
Traveling alone is very good more often than not .

In conclusion , I do not agree that a group tour led by a guide is the best way to travel .
That is becasue a group tour has its own shortcoming .
Furthermore , I think that traveling alone is quite a good experience .
There is a well known idea stating that young people enjoy life better than older people do .
We are going to show that , in a sense , it is true since one cannot deny that the craziest things and most thrilling decisions we make happen when we are young .
Then we will proove that older people enjoy life as much as younger people do , but simply in a different way .

When we are young , we think about our lives as exiting , or at least as more attractive as the ones of older people .
We travel more ( it is easier for us to travel ) , and experience lots of things .
For instance , I spent last year in Wales , and I think that it would not have been possible if I had been thirty or forty years old , with a husband , children , and a house .
This was a unique experience , and I really enjoyed it .
My young age enabled me to live it .

However , my firm belief is that older people enjoy life as much as we do , but in a different way .
Of course , when people get older , they have more and more responsabilities , and it becomes harder for them to free themselve , to spare time for their leisure if they are working , and , if they are retired , they probably do not wish to enjoy life in the same way as young people do .
They may appreciate a great deal to play with their grand children , or enjoy to play cards , for instance .
Moreover , and in my opimion , old people can actually have a definitely exiting life , and enjoy it entirely .
By the same token , I know older people who travel , cross continents , and appear to lead a life even happier and fuller than young people are supposed to do .

To conclude , we may say that the statement considering that young people enjoy life more than older people do cannot be taken for granted .
As far as I know , one can be young and lead a rather boring life , as well as one can be retired and lead an exiting life .
It all depends on each individual 's character and state of mind .
Stereotypes rarely happen to be true ... !
Nowadays , people are trying to succeed in life in various ways .
They do this by learning new things , adquiring advanced technology , reading , updating themselves with whats going on in the world , and coming up with strategically ideas in which they can use these not only in the business , but personally .

I agree with this statement because if people did n't take any risks we would still be far behind technology , knowledge , etc .
The problem is , many people do n't like to take risks because they do n't want to lose time in trying out new things , they usually stick to what they 're good at , at that point .
Another problem is that many of us are afraid to fail and just do n't want to regret the time we spent , money , our sacrifice .
Most people just sit around and live up to other people expectations .

In the other hand , I understand the fear people have in taking risks because at the end , it all comes down to one question : is it going to be worth it ?
Well , you may not have an answer right away but as i said , if we do n't take risks at any chance , we will just be sitting around , waiting , and doing the same thing over and over again .

Going back through history , if mechanical people , engineers , architects , would n't have taken risks in manufacturing some kind of transportation for the world , we would probably still be walikng through one place to another .
The great discoveries that have occured took place because of the people who took a risk back then and we are what we are because of those people .
For example , microscope , telefone , medicine , transportation , internet .

In conclusion , we should all take risks at some point of our lives .
We could make dramatic changes in life by helping ourselves , others and the world by contributing and passing on our knowledge and courage .
Although I personally would be more than happy if this statement would be true , I can not agree with it .
Three major aspects make me disagree with the statement , firstly the world population in general and secondly greed for material goods , the idea of personal freedom and independent traveling closely connected to the idea of having an own car .
Thirdly the car industries have to be taken into account who are not likely to be very willing to earn less money by producing less cars .

Since the beginning of the industrialization more and more goods have been produced for more and more people living on the earth .
In the next 20 years the world population will by no means decline , Europe and North America may face this problem but the rest of the world will face a population increase .
More people on the earth are likely to equal more cars being around in the next twenty years and beyond .

At the same time people ask for more and more goods to have a more comfortable life and to prove themselves and their neighbours who they are and up to where they have made it .
Having a car is not only due to actual needs of having one but also is a symbol of status for many people ( who then are likely to have more than just one car ) .
And , one need not forget that a car actually is very practical , not only for a big family going on holidays or doing shopping but also for every individual because one does not have to live according to public transport schedules .
In areas less populated than e.g. Germany or the Netherlands there are many places one would hardly reach without a car and as people tend to have the wish for unlimited access cars will often help them to fullfil this need .

Lots of countrys like again e.g. germany earn lots of their money via the car indstries and not only would there have to be huge changes done to change this but maily would it need enough force to actually want a fundamental change and at he moments this , from my point of view unfortunately , can not be seen .

My arguments do not only apply to the question of fewer or more cars , I thing it is easily applied to all kinds of modern technological goods like computers , televisions , mobiles and so on and I tstrongly believe that we have to be very careful to produce not only more and more of this goods but that we have to understand that fewer cars , laptops , machines of all kind , as suggested in the statement would actualy often be much better for all of us .
I absolutely agree that the image of the product given by the communication ad is , in most of the cases , much better than how the product is in reality .
For example let 's take a campaign about pre-cooked food as roasted chicken : in the ad the chicken is always so beautiful , crispy and tasty .
But once the product is in on your table ...
well the colour is maybe the same but the chicken is not tasty at all .
Actually it taste as plastic .

Another interesting example is a new mobile .
The advertising states that the battery will last for several hundreds hours and the software will do incredible things for you .
But in reality the battery charge will last for few hours only , two days maximum .
The software will take ages to get ready and from time to time it will just be stucked for quite a long time .
That is what happened to me with my new mobile .

I guess if a product has to penetrate the market is has be shown as extremely appealing and absolutely new and fantastic .
To convince someone to buy the product the commercial has to be very efficient , catch the attention and make grat , and fake , promises about quality and customer 's satisfaction .
So approaching the product customers will not only buy the product itself buth all the valuable things the commercial attached to it .

I think there are so many me-too products , all looking more or less alike , that the marketing people are forced to rely on this kind of adverstising to make the people notice their product .

For example computers from different firms all have the same features , someone has a bigger memory or screen or viceversa but none is really different .

The real problem is that there are not enough differentiating values in products .
Even quality and the fact that they are really useful products is not enough anymore .
Transportation is a very crucial dimension of globalization of which we are experiencing in its highest speed .
The first cars started to be used in the beginning of the 20th century and have been used for decades as the most available machine for those who are eager to use it .
According to my futuristic view about cars in the following twenty years , there will not be fewer cars in use than there are today , but more .
I can certainly argue that the globalization process in the `` Third World countries '' will be a very important factor which will lead to the increse in the number of cars .
Secondly , because of the lack of the culture of the usage of alternative mechanisms in transportation , the increase will continue .
Thirdly , the non-existence of alternative machines produces which are cheap and effective as cars will be another reason for the increase .
Finally , even though all of these three handicaps disappear , the government policies and the interests of car-producing corporations will hinder the achievements in reducing the number of cars in use .

Firstly , globalization is a process which cannot be stopped in the near future .
There are significant numbers of countries which entered the globalization age in the near past , there fore they do not have the number of cars as many as the number of the cars in the West .
therefore , the countries like China , India , the countries of Africa or other countries which are not ndustrialized or are not in the free market system newly possesing that culture of usage if cars , which simply measn that there will be more cars in use in the near future .

Secondly , in many of the countries , governments suffer from the lack of the culture of using alternative sources of transportation .
modernized countries promote the usage of mass transportation and therefore , people living there are used to be directed to these alternatives .
but in the countries like Turkey , people do not have the consciousness of mass transportation , instead every individual tend to buy a car for themselves , which is obviously a factor increasing the number of cars .

Thirdly , many of car users do not want to give up using their cars since it is very useful and it provides opprtunities to them of which others do not have .
People living in Istanbul would not give up their cars since there is a huge mass of cars on the roads which creates a problem for mass transportation users .
when there is a jam on the road , the best possible way to rescue yourself from that will not be using mass transportation and get stuck on the roads with those heavy and slow machine , but instead you will want to use your car .

Finally , governments in less industrialized countries do not have policies to cope with traffic problem and they do not promote policies to reduce the number of cars in use .
On the other hand , the companies or corporations who produce these cars will not be willing to stop their production since that will destroy their interests .
these corporations are always in contact with the governments in which they are established and will try to do everything beneficial to their interests .

In conclusion , I believe that there will be more cars in use than today .
the conditions of globalization and the certaio
I do not really agree with this statement saying that in twenty years the number of cars would have decreased .
That does not mean that I object to the goal of reducing the number of cars in the world ; of course , this is a necessary evolution and industrialized and rich countries are currently trying to follow this path .
For instance , in Paris , the mayor tries for years to prevent people from taking their cars by making the circulation very difficult and by encouraging the creation of new bus lines .
He also promotes bikes , having created new roads that can only be used by them .

I consider all theses actions as positive actions : it shows that people are eventually aware of the urgency of a change in our attitude towards pollution .
We are responsible for the world we are leaving to the next generations and we can no longer live as we do now ( using so many resources ) .

But , what seems to contradicts this movement towards a decrease in cars in use , is the situation in developping countries : we can study the case of China .
As a matter of fact , China is getting more and more powerful and is now going through this period of industrialization that western countries already experienced a century ago .
A part of the Chinese population is getting richer and richer and can now afford cars .
So when a country of more than one billion inhabitants gets access to car markets , we can imagine that in the years to come , the number of cars is not really going to dwindle .
But what can we say ?
Can we deny them the right to get a car ?
to consume after years of being deprived and seeing how it was in western countries ?
After all , we did the same before , as we were not concerned about the environmental issue ...

In conclusion , I would say that it is a really difficult question to forsee whether there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years .
But it is a tendency that we have to further , especially in poorer countries , by explaining how necessary it is and maybe helping them financially to build public infrastructures that could replace the use of cars .
From Columbia roaming around the world in his ship in search for undiscovered exoctic lands , to a family paying a weekend trip to a nearby state , we could see that people have long been enjoying the pleasure of travelling and being a tourist in foreign land .
When you start planning for a trip in the summer vacation , for instance , what is the first thing that you would do ?
Go to the book store and pick a travel book so you can plan your own ideal trip ?
Or go to a travel agency with your family and book an attractive travelling package ?
For me , I would go for the latter .

Booking a trip at an agency means that you are travelling in a group provided with a tour guide all along the way .
When traveling in a foreign place , a tour guide is unquestionably more experienced that you about every aspect of the place - its history , culture , tourist attractions , and anything other thing that a tourist would like to explore .
Imagine that you are going to France all by yourself , without a tour guide , what would you do if you would like to find a place to dine ?
You would surely ask a passer-by for directions .
But the problem is , you do not speak any French !
Even if you are lucky enough to bump into a resturant , you do not understand a word in the menu .
These problems would be all gone if you have a tour guide along with you .
A tour guide therefore , also helps us to break the language barrier by being the ` tranlsator ' because he is very often a local people from the country .

The second thing why travelling in a group led a tour guide is the possibility of cultural exchanges between the members the group .
You may discuss about things you find interesting along your way or even questions as simple as ` where to go shopping tonight ' .
This way of travel also offers a saver environment because a group is less prone to local crimes such as stealth .
Even if you unfortunately fell ill during the trip , there are people around who will be able to take care of you .

Traveling in a group led by a tour guide is no doubt the best way to travel .
You are lead by someone familiar to the place who will explain everything which comes up to your mind , you are with your friends or family which help you out when you need .
In this way , you are comfortable and fully relaxed , and can enjoy the real pleasure of travelling .
Nowadays nearly all of today 's cars depend on petrol , either in form of gasoline or diesel , in order to run .
Because worldwide petrol ressources are limited , one could easily assume that in the long run , for example in twenty years , gas will be so expensive that many people can not afford it anymore , thus there will be fewer cars in use in total .

But on the other hand gas prices , especially in Europe , nearly doubled within the last five years and nothing happened .
Customers are getting angry at polititians and the petrol industry , but commute to work by car nevertheless .
Also the industrial demand in transport is steadily increasing due to globalisation .
Packages and goods get delivered all over the world and one of the cheapest ways to do that still is by trucks on the road .
Furthermore huge new markets for automobiles , like China or India are still on the rise .

Concerning the petrol problem there is also hope in technical development such as electric drives for cars and trucks or solar technique .
Even though there are still a couple of problems to solve these new techniques may one day , lead to much more economic cars or maybe even total independence of the world 's petrol ressources .
That could weaken one of the most powerful arguments not to drive cars with combustion engines : the limited petrol ressources .

Personally , I believe that in twenty years there will be even more cars worldwide .
I 'm sure that the technical evolution will provide a good environmental friendly alternative to today 's gasoline driven cars .
Last but not least , people simply love the convenience of their very own personal vehicle .
I do agree with this statement .
People who want to be successful are usually tired of the life they are living , and this implies that they want to achieve something more , something new .
They know that in life you must work hard if you want to get something , you must be ready to challenge yourself and risk everything to reach your goal .
Of course there are also many people who get all the things they want without making any effort and without deserving those things , but a person who worked hard in order to make his or her dreams or hopes come true , is in the end the real winner , the real successful person .
Being successful is not only a matter of being able to get what you want , that is only the material result .
What makes someone really successful is the growth as a human being that took place in this person s mind and soul during the way to reach his or her goal .
Facing changes and difficoulties , as well as being able to take the risk of an insuccess , this person has not only got the thing he or she worked for , but has also learnt the real value of things , the value of work and dedication .
Putting your heart , your mind , you soul , your everything in something ..
that is what makes someone really successful .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
As we all know , that innovation is one of the key factors that leads to the growth of economy of a particular nation .
Similarly , for a person to be successful he has to come up with something creative , a new concept , a new idea that will generate him wealth and and hence growth in life .

Another thing is that its a human tendency to go for a change , try something new , something different , and as rightly said , `` variety is the spice of life '' .
For example , back in old days , women in India did not work and most of them were house wives , with all the time they have with them to cook the food using traditonal gas .
But , when women in India started working they didnt have enough time to cook .
Somebody thought of introducing a concept of microwave , an instant cooking machine , and it was a hit conept .
Same is with the introduction of washing machines than washing the clothes with hands .
With this human tendency in mind , definitely a entrepenuer should take full advantage of it and he will be successful .

But , at the same time it very important for a person to know whats the new thing he is going to try .
He cannot just come up with the idea which may not be liked by the people or or may not be a hit in a particular market .
He should really do a good study of the market he is targetting , otherwise the risk is not worth it .

To sum up , in order for the person to be successful its a good idea to try new things and take risks , but the risk should be a well evaluated risk , with all the factors considered properly .
I disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
Rather , young people today are a dynamic force bringing change to the communities and nations they live in , especially here in South Korea .
First , young people involved in the community have transformed politics , most notably in the 2003 presidential election .
Second , youth are playing a major role in Jeju Island , helping to get the island recognized as a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage site .
Third , young Koreans are helping the nation in it 's geographical naming dispute with Japan .
For these reasons , it 's not accurate to say that the young generation is n't involved in the community .

Young people have brought the winds of change to politics in South Korea .
In the 2003 presidential election , conservative Lee Hoi-Chang was poised to win the election , leading in all the newspaper polls .
Young people , whose voter turnout had traditionally been quite weak , supported the progressive candidate Roh Moo-Hyun while the older generation supported Lee .
The old generation also had higher voter participation , so Lee was considered a shoe-in by many .
However , 2 weeks before election day , mostly 20 - and 30-something campaign activists for Roh Moo-hyun campaigned for free in many local communities throughout the country .
The decisive factor was the young generations ' use of the internet to bring far-flung communities together online .
The result was a come-from-behind victory for Pres .
Roh Moo Hyun .
This never would have been possible without the work of youth politically involved in the community .

Second , youth in Jeju Island , South Korea are the vanguard of the environmental movement there .
In 2002 , Jeju Island was designated as a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve because of the uniqueness of Halla Mountain , the highest peak in South Korea .
This designation came about due to a signature campaign conducted by the Jeju Federation for the Environment , a quasi-student organization run by youth .
Also , the same young people are pushing to have Jeju Island recognized as a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site in 2007 .
These youth are having a huge effect on Jeju Island , helping it to become more internationally-known .

Finally , youth in Korea are helping a large community , the nation of Korea , in its dispute with Japan over the naming of the East Sea/Sea of Japan .
Up until the mid - to late-1990 's , no one in the world ever questioned the naming of the sea to the East of Korea , also known as the Sea of Japan .
Japan unilaterally named the ocean between Korea and Japan during its colonial occupation of Korea in the early 20th century .
However , thanks to the efforts of students and youth , this name began to be challenged .
Students participated in an internet campaign to lobby officials of international geographical naming societies to reconsider the name ` Sea of Japan . '
Because of the overwhelming response from Koreans , mostly the young , the international geographical naming body changed the name from Sea of Japan to East Sea/Sea of Japan on nautical navigation charts .
This would never have been possible were it not for the efforts of Korean youth in the international and national community .

There are some who underestimate the participation of youth in their communities , but the reality is that youth are having a major impact on their communities through political , environmental , and international activities .
Youth are important members as well as future inheritors of their communities .
I absolutely agree with the fact that many advertisements make products seem special , even though , maybe , they are not .
I understand that the purpose of an advertisement is to actually show the product with its best qualities , but I think that many times this is n't really what is done .

First of all , it is frequent that the advertisement presents the product as the best one on the market , comparing it with other similar types in commerce .
For example , there are dish washing soaps that are presented as miracolous , but I do n't think that they would actually be able to dissolve all the grease and dirt on a frying pan , after the preparation of a bacon and eggs breakfast .

In addition , behind the preparation of an advertisement there are many people , such as designers for graphics , music experts for the sound and so on .
All these persons work to make the advertisement as appealing as possible .
They know the target of people who to direct , and who will probably be the future buyers , and consequently study a way to show the product that will be specially interesting for those .

The third reason why I think that advertisements are not always straightforward is that many companies decide to pay a famous person , such as an actor or a singer , to make their product more popular .
In this way all the fans of this person would be encouraged to buy what he or she is presenting .
I think that no woman on earth could resist from buying a jewel presented next to Brad Pitt 's face .

In conclusion , I think that people should be aware of these strategies and decide wether to buy the product or not just thinking by themselves , ignoring the sometime `` false '' advertisements .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Just learning facts might be too boring for students and they might lose their interest in the subject .

One reason why I believe that , is that understanding a bigger meaning or cohesion of something may enhance the students interest in the subject .
To get the context of an issue is far more interesting than learning facts and not knowing their meaning in a bigger picture .
Furthermore , students might develop more independence when learning concepts rather than on facts .

A scond reason why I believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , is that students tend to forget dry facts quite fast , because they can not relate them to something sensefull .
If they however , understand a whole concept , they might know why it is important and they might be able to connect that concept to the real world and aplly it .
In that case , the students will know what for they are learning in school .

Another reason , why I believe that ideas and conepts are more important for students to learn than facts , is that in general facts are difficicult to apply in the real world , because they are just part of a concept or an idea .
Understanding just a part of something does often make not much sense and is useless .
Understading something in a whole , makes student be more interested in more concepts and ideas , because one idea may lead to another , and so on .

To sum up , I believe that facts should be the base that is to be learnt in order to understand big contexts .
Just learning facts does not prepare the students for the real world , since the real world does not consist of facts , but of ideas and concepts .
Like we have learned from the book entitled `` The end of History '' , in wich the author held the thesis that after the fall of Berlin wall the history had come to an end , trying to make forecasts on such a long period as 20 years is very dangerous , but I feel fair comfortable with saying that such a diffused mean of transportation as the car will not disappear in two decades , and even that the number of cars will actually increase .

The car is the engine of modern economy , because it allows fast travel , which in turn means that people with the right knowledge or skill can be quickly and easily collected in the place where they are needed , thus rendering easy both to use their existing knowledge and to build new .
I am thinking about workers commuting to their job places or professors reaching universities by car .
Public transport has proved inable to be a full substitute of cars in this role , and as new economic powers like China and India emerge from poverty they will develop their car population as rich countries have already done , and this process will take more than 20 years , in my opinion , so that the number of cars will keep increasing over this period .

Of course my analisys cannot foresee an eventual tecnological revolution that could render the car useless , like the car has done with horses in the twentieth century , or a major economic breakdown which would render cars too expensive to be useful , but such trend breaking events are unpredictable .
If the actual trend of the world will hold , it can be asserted that it will take more than twenty years for the number of cars to start decreasing , if it will ever do so .
This question being asked to me just a couple of years ago , I would have agreed completely .
But in the last years I 've had the chance to experience several situations that lead me to believe that this tendence is changing .

To me , it looks like that the world as a kind of natural security alarm , and when , over the last decades , the selfishness-altruism balance was starting to be overloaded on the selfishness part , an altruist essence has started to spread over western societies .
Of course I 'm sure not all the society has been affected by this phenomenon , but I could outline a couple of examples to make my idea more clear .

First of all , I 've got to get in contact with the wide reality of voluntary work .
I started with an internship with an Italian non governmental organization of international volunteering , and I 've been positively surpriesed to see how many young people want to get involved in the fight for a better world .
A lot of students show their availability to work unpaid to make possible a lot of events , like exibitions , markets , debates , etc. , to collect fundings and to communicate the message of the value of human development .

To look more closly , in Italy it is possible to work for a year as social service volunteer , and , I 'm always surpriesed to see how many young people are willing to dedicate one year of their lives just to help disadvantaged people and organizations that work for the protection and the respet of every human being .
Almost all of my friends collaborate as volunteer in at least one association , and everyone of them affirms that his voluntary work is one of the few things that makes sense and gives satisfaction in everyday life .

To summarize , I would said that just until few years ago it was true that young people did n't mind that much about helping their communities , but I do believe that this tendence is nowadays changing and young people are taking a more responsible direction .
The car is most preferred motion media in the world .
In western countries , almost each family has one or more cars .
In developing countries , people aim at having a car .
This is usually a proof of success .
And these countries are still growing , producing and coming to a mass market economy .
Therefore it seems difficult to see fewer cars in the next twenty years .

Yet this statement could turn out to be true .
For other reasons which are not directly linked to the comfort of people .
Nowadays , we can notice that an always greater part of the population feels concerned with environnememt issues .
The use of cars is directly linked to this new awareness of the population .

People became aware of the influence of car gases through climate evolutions ( temperature increase , unpredictable storms ... ) , through medical surveys ( number of child concerned with asthma , increase of lungs illnesses in the population ) .
At least in western countries , this awareness could lead to a reduction in the number of cars sold .

Another point is that in big cities , people are fed up with the noise generated by the cars .

An other argument is linked to the increasing oil barrel price .
Over the past months , the oil barrel has risen to incredible prices .
Reaching almost 80 $ .
Even if the prices have felt recently to a more acceptable 60 $ a barrel , the car has become a well in which families throw their money .
Furthermore , the organization of oil producers said that the prices would n't fall under 60 $ a barrel .

This situation has two possible solutions .
Either the scientists develop new fuels for cars .
This could allow people to use their car or at least to buy new cars which meets new environmental requirements and which are then less expensive as they do n't need fuel produced from crude oil .

Or the cars will be outnumbered , especially in big cities , by public transportation , as it is the trend today .
But they will remain numerous on the countryside where public transportation are less developed .

As a conclusion , I will say that I do n't foretell the disappearing of cars until quite a long time .
The issue of the `` quantity '' of the knowledge is a controversial one due to the fact that knowledge is unlimited !
Many people think that having a broad knowledge is a good way of being able to speak with everybody about every topics .
However it is also widely believed that you can specialize yourself in just one specific subject that you will deeper study .
Taking all these aspects into account , I strongly feel that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic topics , in order to be opener with other people .

One reason for my belief is that having a great and broad knowledge is a very good way of creating relationships with others .
For instance , during a private lunch with new people or friends or during a business lunch , it is easier to enhance the relationship with the people if you know what they talk about , which cities or countries they have visited or which cultural references they are speaking about !
However if you are specialized in just one subject , you will not have be able to understand what is told and you can feel very frustrated ...

Another reason to justify my point of view is that it is very difficult not to annoy people , if you are passionate just by one subject !
People can find it is very borrying to speak always about the same topic and it is sometimes too much , even if you know all details and features of the topic !
That is why , knowing several academic subjects enables you to be opener and to adapt yourself to the other people , to what they like ...
Moreover , you will be able to understand them better and to accept or criticize their convictions ...

Furthermore , it is often believed that being specialized in one specific subjet can be a good way of making an impressive reaction to other people ...
But I am convinced that the contrary is impressive , too !
For instance I enjoy speaking with a friend of mine which has a real broad knowledge , I can speak about everything with him , he always makes comparaison or connection with other topics that he knows and it enables me to discover new sublects , to extend my own knowledge and on top of that to create a real debate with him , by confrontating our opinions on several subjects !

In a nutshell , I would say that I agree with the statement , because having a broad knowledge is a way of being open on the other people , on the world and to develop one 's own concerns .
In my personal opinion its very important to understand ideas and concepts .
Nevertheless facts are the basis to really understand ideas and concept .
So learning facts and understanding is closely connected to each other .
You ca n't understand for example politic systems in countries , without knowing some of their history .
Why the British have an constituitional monarchy and Germans have a federal democrazy .
The reason for this lies in their history , and you can learn history only through records from the past , which would be facts ( if the source is reliable of course ) .

This is also true for many other areas from sport to science .
If you do n't know the rules ( which are facts ) of football you will never be able to get the concept of the sport .
If you do n't know numbers it will be difficult to become a math geniuses and so on ...

Of course there are some areas where not many facts or knowledge exists or still many things are unknown .
In this areas like for example in biology and astrology you have to formulate and develop facts through observing and experiments .
This is naturally way harder than the normal approach to understand ideas and concepts with the help of knowledge ( facts ) .
But this people also had to start with facts until they come to the point where there are no real facts are left , so that they can go on from there .

So my statement is that in general you just can not say that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts , because thy are intertwined .
Besides some few exceptions in areas where you have still to explore a lot of facts .

By the way .
A special exception is of course religion .
Since facts are often threatening religion .
that 's why from a religious point of view it would better not to spend too much time on facts and just go with the concept and idea of the religion , be it Christianity or something else .
Learning is a natural process that everybody owns , most of children go to school and start learning very early .
The point is , do they really know what they are doing or do they just learn without understanding ?
We will see what is the most important for a student , learn facts or understand ideas and concepts ?

In my opinion , we can not separate those two parts one from each other .
It is impossible to understand a theory or a process if we do not know the underlying elements ( the facts ) .

I would say that both parts of the statement must be given an equal importance .
It is the basis of the knowledge that to learn facts and use them in various situations ( talks , lectures or projects ) .
Otherwise we would not be able to speak or communicate to each other .
This is our general knowledge .

In the other hand , you learn facts or lessons by heart , it is often not very usefull , because a few days later it is almost impossible to remember everything we learned .
For example , for my A level in France ( Baccalaureat )
I had to learn by heart maps of Europe or USA describing either population or exchanges etc .
The month after I was not able do draw it again because it came out of my mind .
I agree that sometimes it is useless to learn facts .
Precisely in the case if we know we will not practice what we learned anymore .

Regarding understanding of ideas or concepts , this is a very important process for a student .
That is how people acquire a specific state of mind , and with practice things can be understood faster and faster .
The purpose of an idea is to be well understood and this idea has no reason to exists if not so .
Therefore I would give a special importance to the understanding of concepts and ideas too .
Less than 100 years ago , people could only expect to live up to 40 or 50 years of age , or even less .
But today , many elders reache 100 years or over .
Researchers show that life expectancy increases continuously .
Older people live older and many scientist believe it is a direct response to how they enjoy life .
Personnaly , I strongly support the fact that older people have a full life that is equal to the yonger people , and for many reasons .
Mainly , the improvement of infrastructure in society help older people to participate in many activites .
As well , the adaptation of these activities to the elderly increases their participation .

More people of old age composes the society of today .
This clearly emphasies the need for activities specifically targeted at older people .
But how can they participate if they cannot attend them .
City counsil are modifying their infrastructures to address this .
They created bus services for them and provided them with people to accompany them in their activites .
It resulted in an increase of participation , and elderly people like it .
This certainly shows that they can enjoy life as much as other age groups do .
But these activites also need adaptation .

Initially , the type of activities available tended to be more focused on the yonger crowds , and this for many reasons .
Yonger people were more `` seen '' around the city and were definitely more active .
These two features created the illusion that they enjoy more life .
But older people can also enjoy activities and it has an important impact on their longevity .
The increase of life expectancy is a clear example of it .
The city created activities just for the elderly , such as dances and dinner where they can meet together , share their memories , and enjoy themselves .
These new meetings definitely provided more reasons to life better and fuller for them .

To prove the point further , societies have also introduced programs of activities where both young and old people can participate together .
I participated in a program in my city where I accompanied one or two elders to shows or activites specialy designed for them .
I immensly enjoyed when they share their experience with me .
It help me understand life better and enjoy my life .
I bring them a flavor of youth that make them forget other problems they are facing .
So we both enjoy life together .

To conlude , I believe that any people , no matter their age , can enjoy life to its fulless .
To do so , societies need to provide adapted activites to the different age groups .
This can be done by modifying the infrastructures and creating specific activies .
Young people as well as older people will benefit from it equally , and will even participate together and help each other to improve their way of life .
Today , it is enough for a lot of students to learn facts about certain issues and topics only .
In my opinion it is not enough to learn facts only .
A student has to focus on how to understand an idea and a concept .

First of all , a student should understand an idea to build up his own opinion .
He gathers ideas of several people and tries to make up his own mind .
Understanding the idea gives the student oppurtunities like duscussing about it and create other ideas .

Another important point is the understanding of a concept .
When a student understands a concept he can transfer this pattern to other issues and compare and contrast them or add information .

Also , he can modify different things which he does n't like about it .
Learning facts does n't give students the possibility to consider whether a fact is good or not .
He just learns it and doesnt even think about it .
In contrast , understanding ideas and concepts allows a student to discuss and talk about it because he has enough information about a topic .
Beside this , a fact is not modifyable that means that a student might talk about it but he ca n't add information .

A fact represents statistics or particular issues which ca n't help students to transfer ideas or concepts on other things .
Understanding ideas and concepts make it possible to spread out your knowledge on other fields .
For example , a student should be able to use the ideas and concepts , which he learned during the lessons , to create other sentecnes in a exam .
I agree that most advertisements make products much better than they really are .
I support this statement for several reasons First of all there is the durability of the product in the market .
This means that if I can sell a product in a mass production way there is the need of lowering the cost of manufacturing in order to generate more money .
Which in turn means using bad quality products .
In return there is a significant investment in the marketing in order to be sold .
Another reason why products seem better in advertisment is because of technological advancements .
The use of several computer progrmas such as illustrator , photoshop and others have the possibilty of accenting in different ways the beauty of the product being advertised .
For example a macdonald commercial of a cheese burger , the size , the look of the ingredients everything is exagerated .
This also means being able to potray an unreal vision of what the product is .
Thirdly , competition , because the same product is sold by different parties the best visual statement made is the one that is going to sell the most , even though the product could be the same .

It is important to say that although this is a common marketing strategy people should be aware of this manipulation .
Specially by being well informed of the product being advertised in order to judge not only visually , the quality of the product .
A company decision to use advertisment exagertion to sell their product protrays a lack of respect towards the buyer .
And it is our responsability to regulate as buyers such manipulations
I do not agree with this statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
In fact , I believe that these days young people feel more responsible towards their communities and try to contribute towards them .

These days , because of the advent of faster and better means of communication and transport , young people stay well connected with the world around .
By means of TV channels , internet etc , young people are more informed about whats happening in their communities .
This awareness , has also made them more responsible .
For example , whenever some accident or a catastrophe occures somewhere then the news is spread very fast because of the faster means of communication .
And one can see that there are several young people who willingly provide help in such situations .
They provide services to the hospitals , are ready to donate blood and what not .
Clearly enough , in this case they are contributing a lot to their communities .

The current young generation has grown in an atmosphere which is more free and liberal than ever before .
They have always experienced this freedom of choosing what they want to do .
And so they also choose the kind of community which they want to belong to and also in what ways they want to connect to their community .
Obviously when a work is done by free will and not by force , it is done more willingly and in a more inspired way .
So in this case since whatever the young people do for their communities is done out of free will and not by force , so they do it in a more inspired and dedicated way .
And hence they spend more time helping out their communties .
For example , these days young people have opened up different kind of community centers or groups for helping their community or society in different ways , for example centers for animal rights , center for education for the poor and so on .
All these groups or centers are made out of interest and motivation , and so the young people who work in it work with great devotion and zeal which is clearly visible in the amount of work such centers do these days .

So clearly young people these days are more informed , free and motivated and it clearly reflects in the amount of time they devote to helping out their communities in their own way .
I strongly agree to this statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are two reasons why i believe that the statement is correct .
Young people nowadays do not have much free time and do not have time to think about their surroundings , and they also tend to be extremely lazy and are not willing to help for their communities .

These days it seems to be that young people have a very tight schedule .
Most teenagers have school till the evening , and some may even have extra curricular activities or part time jobs to earn some pocket money .
Unlike before , young people are very independent and uses time wisely which would benefit them in any possible ways .
Since they have a tight schedule and do not have other spare times other than thinking about themselves , they do not give enough time to helping their communities .

In addition to their tight schedules , young people nowadays are extremely lazy .
This may be because of the fast developing techonologies , such as use of computers , and easy access of transportations to places .
Teenagers are especially lazy when it comes to solving problems .
They believe that they have better things to do than helping their communities , and avoid volunteer works .
However , problems may change once money comes into an issue .
Young people nowadays love money , and they would most likely do anything which involves earning money .
If the government makes this community help as some sort of a part time job , young people may find some interests in helping .

Today , young people are much more independent than they were before , and are extremely self centered .
I believe that this problem should deffinately change as soon as possible .
In this way , young people would learn that helping others is an important aspect in their lives .
Young people today do not seems to care much about their community and do little to help them .
The young generations seem to be too busy studying , working or relaxing to spend time for their community , but it is not only their fault .
It is also the fast changing world that brought them to this stage , they do not seem to have time for anything but their own business .

This is also because of the technological development that changed our lives by making things quicker and filling our days with more and more tasks to accomplish instead of keeping their number constant and giving us more time for ourselves or our community .
The result is that at the end of the day we are a lot more stressed and tired and only care of relaxing .
A good example is mobile phones that make us reacheble for work matters even while taking a walk in the park after office hours , often there is no clear cut between work and private life .

Young people are normally those who take innovations more seriously and so they are the ones that always find something to do , no matter wheter it is useful or not , they are just not able to stop for a second .

Society today is also more self-centered : people is aiming more at personal success and wealth and this of course brings people away from dedicating time to their community because in their mind every second of time is precious for themselves and somebody else can take care of the community .

If this is the stereotype of the modern man , it is also going to be the model for young people and since they are smart and very quick at learning ( thanks also the higher average level of education ) they will lose no time and forget about the community .

It is easy to find evidence of this as always less people volunteer to work for charities , hospitals and churches , but we can also notice it in the little things : so many people throw papers in the streets like they do not care because somebody will clean it sooner or later , this is a sign of missing respect to the community and it is jut like not dedicating time to it since the environment is also part of the community .

Young people really do not know what it means to dedicate time to their community because they hardly ever do , they look at it has a waste of time and this is mainly because of the changing modern culture .
In my opinion , the appropriatness of traveling in a group led by a tour guide depends on the nature of the person and the place to be travelled .
For an enthusiast like me , the schedule of a group travel will be very binding and I wo n't be able to enjoy as much .
But for elderly people and people with kids , it will be more enjoyble if everything is taken care of by a tour guide .

But in some circumstances , tour group becomes very essential .
For example , if I am travelling in a foreign country and I do n't know their language , I will prefer travelling in a tour group .
By doing that , I will save the pain of ordering wrong things on the menu , and more importantly , I wo n't keep loosing my way because of sign boards written in a foreign language .

Also , if I am travelling to a place of historical importance , I would like to be led by a tour guide who can give me more information about that place .
In situations , when I have very little time on hand and there are lots of places to see , I think I will be better off as a part of a tour group .
Or else , I 'll waste most of my time , finding and reaching all the tourist spots on my own .

On the other hand , if I am going on an adventure trip for camping and trekking , tour groups will be the last thing on my mind .
Also , If I am on a spiritual or relaxing trip , to a calm place with not many things to explore , the tour group will not be very useful .

I feel tour groups led by tour guides are important , but it depends on travellers discreation to decide if it is the best way to travel .
As a conclusion , I would like to state that I do not agree with the given statement .
I agree that there will be fewer cars on the road than before as there are many factors that will lead to the decline , if the population is not changed by migration .
Few factors are , increasing cost of oil , environment pollution , trafffic congestion which leads to delays , parking problems , higher maintenance etc .

The increase in cost of oil recently has made people to look for more efficient modes of travel .
The environmental activists are pressing hard to cut on carbondioxide emissions , and the successful atlernate to hydrocarbon oils are yet to developed .

Now in the present circumstances , the city roads are unable to handle the pool of cars and every commuter is getting frustrated by traffic congestion and has changed his life style to avoid traffic .
They are resorting to public transportation , car pooling or taking up residential units near to the workplace .

One more factor that can contribute to the decline is the less space available in the cities for car parking .
It has become nightmare now to find parking specially near corporate offices and busy market places .

The cost to maintain a car is high and going up when compared to motorcycles , which is prompting many to dump their cars in favour of two wheelers as it is helping them to cut costs on fuel , maintenance , parking and above all reduces a lot of time in conveyance .

Gone are the days when people use to have cars , primarily for their social status , as cars have become increasingly affordable , a person with average income is able to maintain a car .

In my family we use to have three cars a year ago , but with unexpected surge in traffic , parking and maintenance we got rid of one car and the remaining two we are using it only when it is required .

Considering above reasons , I feel there will be less cars on road twenty years after , than it is now .
Nowadays , the world is moving at such a fast pace that it would be very difficult for me to agree or disagree on whether cars can become fewer , since I ca n't predict what kind of turn the future can take .
So many technologies and various inventions are taking place that it is definately possible for the cars to be fewer in another twenty years .

Cars have become such a necessity in our daily lives that , I feel that cars could probably never cease to be fewer as life goes on .
Cars have brought such a big impact on our lives that it would be impossible to think of a life without cars and basic transportation .
Cars are our way of life - a necessity , which we on any given circumstance ca n't live without .

Our life , thesedays , revolves around going from one place to another , transporting goods and other facilities and other various activities connected with transportation .
To think that twenty years from now there could be fewer cars on our roads , than there are today is not impossible , it is definately a possibility as the world is progressing and coming up with so much newer and varied forms of technologies and ideas .
It would definately be a big misinterpretation of the fact - that the world is n't moving on , if I would say that cars cannot be replaced by something much more sophisticated and efficient for our daily lives .

In today 's world , nothing is impossible .
There is always a possibility for the human mind to come up with anything impossible .
So coming up with a replacement mode of transportation would n't be too diffcult .

Therefore , I would say , that maybe not twenty years from now , but definately somewhere in the future there will be a good and efficient replacement for our cars , thus resulting in fewer cars on our roads .
In my opinion , young people do enjoy life more than older people do , there are many reasons why I agree with this statement .
I will mention these reasons in the following paragraph .

To begin with , for health matters , young people have a smaller risk to have physical damage , in contrast with older people , therefore they can allow themselves to do crazy experiences .
Of course this does not mean that younger people are free from health problems .

In addition , young people are not yet aware of what life is really about or the outcome it will take .
This way , the sensation of an excitement of discovering its meaning is provoked in these youngsters .

Moreover , older people are known to get sceptic due to the troubles that they might have faced during their early years of their lives .
Therefore , they cannot enjoy life as much as the younger people do because they already have done all their great experiences .
Usually , during the early years of one 's life , it is the time when one meet its first loves , which completes a life leading to pure delight .
Although , elderly people can have a love in their life , their marriage or having children already belongs to the past , for them .
When one enters in the older years of one 's life , a sense of tranquility is felt meaning that life is not enjoyed as much as the previous years .
For me , one enjoys life when one remains in constant activity because he can feel he is alive .

In conclusion , young people enjoy life more than older people mainly due to the fact that older people have already had their time of real enjoyement in their lives and their nature is to slowly fade due to the fact that their life goes at an end .
Of course , there are some exceptions where young people do not enjoy their life fully and older people do .
Although , this is not the common behaviour known today .
I would agree with this statement .
I feel that young people nowadays are negligent towards their own community as a whole , a community that has helped them become what they are .

There are many places where we see this happening .
Young people are more career oriented now and tend to leave their homes and communities in pursuit of higher edcation and better job opportunities in foreign lands .
Although they may get what they seek but their communities are getting neglected .
Young people are adverse to becoming a part of the social community gatherings and therefore are not exposed to the problems being faced by them .

In my native city in North India I have seen that my community has gone from bad to worse in terms of their social standing and the economic condition .
The community school that I studied in is now in a state of utter disarray .
The older people are trying to do what they can but the onus is on the younger ones to take on the responsibilty .

Local community welfare societies for redressing the problems of people have increasingly seen decline in youth participation .
The young people fail to identify with the problems of people they once lived with .
These socities are for most of the time non-government affiliated organisations and are usually not profitable .
This is why people shy away from them .
They are against spending time on things which are not a source of income .

Young people also feel that whatever time they get at home from the fast paced life they lead should be utilized in spending time with the family rather than worrying about their community .
Lucrative jobs in multinational companies where there are tough working hours as opposed to just a 9 yo 5 job have only worsened this problem .
Attending parties at night and being seen in high places have become more important because of peer pressures and forming profitable social circles .

Another reason for this to happen is that in many places there isnt a common forn for poeple to raise issues concerning them .
Even if they are talked about in very localised areas they are mostly kept away from the reach of younger people based on the notion that their young and immature minds will not understand the problem or be able to provide solutions .
In most gatherings in my native city young poeple are not allowed to express their opinions freely .
This is more so because the old people running the system are against novel ideas .
This also gives the young people a reason to stay away .

Until the people identify with the problems or face them first hand it is highly unlikely that they will ever start worrying about the betterment of their communities .
Steps will need to be taken by both young and the old in developing more practical ideas based on changing society and living standards .
It goes without saying that young people are often considered as happy people , whereas an old person epitomizes the lack of energy , or even death .

Indeed , young people stand for happiness , they are often said to be very carefree , they enjoy life .
Part of the reason is probably because they are very close to the outbreak of life , they represent life as such .
On the contrary , old people remind us that life is short , they encapsulate death , the diseases .
They often have health problems , so that they are not considered as people who enjoy life , nowadays , when eternal youth is extolled in the medias , as evidenced by the surge in aesthetic surgery over the past few years , which is a way for old people to keep looking young .
Moreover , they have achieved everything in their life , so one might assume they have no goal to reach anymore , they have no reason to keep alive .
For examples , some researches pointed out that it 's very difficult for old people to find a job since the enterprises balk at hiring them , people assume they are inefficient , or at least less efficient than young people .
On the contrary , young people are often dynamic , they yearn for action , they are said to have a lot of activities , to be ambitious , unlike old people .

However , this assertion can be disparaged as unduly pessimistic , and not a jot warts and all .
Indeed , this vision of the issue is outright shallow , since there is a lot of activities for seniors , they have accomplished everything , they have worked during their whole life , so they consider their old days as the time when they finally can relax , have a lot of leisure , do whatever they want because they do n't have to work anymore , they have a lot of free time , hence the surge in activities for old people , like sports , language courses , etc .
A lot of old people do a lot of activities with their grand children , they have a lot of time to spend with them .
On the other hand , young people are in the outset of their life , insofar as they must worry about their future , their job , etc. they are pressured into succeeding in life , they have to work hard , and it 's a tremendous obsession , that 's w they are probably less carefree than old people .
People living in modern times have benefited from many inventions and discoveries that have enriched the world .
Dedicated scientists even devote their life time in order to explore different ways to make our lives better .
When exploring the subjects , these people do not hesistate to rake risks and evolve their projects rather than only doing what they are familiar with or know how to do very well .
There is one important question that should be asked .
Why do people need to try new things and take risks ?
I strongly believe that people , who are or want to be successful , do take risks and try new things instead of concentrating on their every day subjects , since repeating everyday knowledge and not questioning their current involvements would not be heplful and enough to make them successful people .

First , when I consider about people who had left important prints on the history with the different ascpects and various subjects of science , literature and arts , I can reach a conclusion that almost all of these important figures were filled with the motivation of becoming successful and they took risks to achieve their targets .
For example , the Nobel Laurette economist James Tobin says that ` Rare is the child who wants to grow up to be an economist or a professor , I myself did ... '
.
Although being grown up in a village and very poor family , Prof. Tobin did not easily give up his dreams and inspite of her father 's rejections , he decided to study economics instead of working as a farmer , which was the thing he was very familiar with and even he was very good at .
Without giving up his dreams and by taking some risks such as failures and financial difficulties that he experienced in the time period of his education , he continued his studies passionately and became a worlwide known economist .
Finally , he was awarded with a Nobel Prize in 1982 , which is a strong evidence of his success .

Second , when people are just concentrate on the subjects and works , which they are very familiar with , then they may loose their desire to be successful since there is an huge possibility to think that they have already achieved enough knowledge so why to struggle more and try new things .

In conclusion , I strongly believe that there are yet more to exlpore and more to develop also question all around of the world to make the future brighter and better for next generations .
In order to make an epoch and not only have a solid contribution to the social world we live in but also to be successful , people should be able to take risks and they should not be just depended on the subjects they already know .
Advertisement has become one of the most important business in today 's society .
Media are always keen on giving details about the budget this or that company has spent on ads , wether in the newspaper , on television , on radios .
Now , the question is : are most advertisements making products seem much better than they really are ?
In other words , are most advertisements misleading up to the point that we , as consumers , are fooled about the actual quality of the product ?
This question can not be answered in a rationnal , or scientifical manner , for the simple reason that all products would need to be tested by a panel in order to evaluate the discrepency between the conception of the product brought by the advertisement and the perceived quality .
Nonetheless , we can try to point out some ideas based on examples .

The purpose of an advertisement is to make people buy the product .
This trivial statement implies another triviality : the message used in the advertisement has to be emphatic , it has to praize the qualities of the products and highlights the characteristics that make it different from its concurrents .
Most washing powders have no choice but to state they can wash the nastiest kind of stains you could ever find on your shirt .
This is a classical example of misleading advertisement , and we all have experienced the stain that is not removed by the magic powder we saw on televison .
Most advertisement praizing an technical breakthrough should be considered precauciously .

Now with the development of new technologies , and with the dramatic changes the world has witnessed in the past centuries , there are two main points to be made in order to nuance this too affirmative statement .

Considerable progress has been made in the field of advertising .
Now , some ads do not even show the product they are selling .
Some others use humour .
By using different means of delivering the message , these ads are more likely to touch their target , and they could not even be accused of being misleading , because you were not shown the product , or not in its normal usage .
It would be an advertisement for a car which is shown 2 seconds at the end .
for example .

Finally , the sensibility of the consumer can not be excluded from the evaluation of the advertisement .
What can seem to be emphatic to some , can look boring to others .
Show a group of monkeys to sell a washing powder , the consumer 's response might vary to great extents .
This is an actual add .

Advertisement will remain , one should evaluate it with its one feelings .
I agree with the statement that the young people nowadays donot give enough time to helping their communities .

The young generation nowadays in more and more engrossed in their own world of cut-throat-competition than pondering about the problems faced by their communities , let alone work to solve them .
For Example - According to a recent survey the young generation , theGen Y ( those born in the eighties ) spend most of their spare time on the computer playing games than interacting with the people near them , and thus shutting out the avenues for even knowing the problems faced by the community .

The community is itself somewhat responsible for this , by weighing success of an individual in terms of personal wealth , not on the selfless work that a person does for the community .
The emphasis given on the rankings of the `` Richest persons '' of the world , stands testimony to this fact .
Thus the young generation is more and more involved in making money in this rat race and spending lesser time trying to solve the problems faced by the society .

The media might be in part responsible for this , as is evident from the interest in publishing the un-necessary crap like the celebrity gossip , than to highlight the problems of the community , and sensitizing the young generation about it .
The news papers and magazines that we read these days stand testimony to this .

Another fact that contributes to the problem is political turmoil .
Political turmoil causes increasing inflation .
With the inflation on the rise every year , the people have to work more and more for satisfying the same needs as compared to the previous years , and hence are left with lesser free time to deal with the problems faced by the community .
I completely agree with the statement that `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . ''
Having a broad knowlege of many subjects will give a lot of exposure , new subjects will create interests and also provide better career prospects for students .

Students will gain a lot of exposure by studying many different subjects .
This will also prepare them to take classes in different departments .
I personaly feel that this is a very good option as this will make them interact with other students coming from different backgrounds as well gain valuable knowledge .

Moreover , studying a wide variety of subjects will help students develop new interests that they might eventually take up and make a career of it .
Let me support this with an example .

While I was studying `` Architecture '' we were asked to take a wide variety of subjects like Interior Design , Lanscaping , Theory of Structures , Humanities and History of Architecture .
While studying these subjects i developed a lot of interest in the subject of `` History of Architecture '' which eventually i went on to make a career in it .
Today I am working with the `` National Heritage Conservation Committee '' as a architect guiding the govenment about the various teachniques and means to protect the heritage and historical monuments .

Lastly this also creates better career prospects for students as a lot of prospective employers and firms want to recruit people who have a broad knowledge about a lot of subjects in their respective field .
As their knowledge tremendeously helps them in a lot of projects where such inputs are required and turn it into success !
For example a student with a broad Knowledge of `` Sustainable Design '' and Project Management will definately have an edge over a student with knowlege only in `` Interior design '' .

Thus it is important for students to have a broad knowledge of amny academic subjects instead of specializing in one specific one and I completely agree with it .
In older times , there were complete civilizations that will see older age as the crown of life , the time when the spirit is free from the earthly passions and the brain is finally let alone to think , as opposed as younger ages when uncertanty and emotions dictates people 's behaivor .
In old Greece only old men would have an opinion in politics and laws .
In China and in some muslim countries only the elder can solve day to day problems and their opinion would be respected even when opposed to common sense .
Something happened to our culture that inverted the place of old people in our society , placing the young and brave on top while older people is seen as dumb and slow , to the point to pretend that they do n't enjoy life .

There are a lot of activities that can be enjoy only when people is young , like snowbording and playing most sports .
Other things require a very young age ( at least to start ) like ballet dance and gimnastics , but the fact that older can not enjoy this activities does n't mean that they can not enjoy other activities , like traveling , reading , talking to friends , playing chess ( and I can tell my grandmother is a great chess player ) or visiting the family .
There are still few sports that they can play regardless of their age like golf .
Therefore I disgree that young people enjoy life more than older people do because I think that there are many ways to enjoy life and it may not require the adrenaline rush obtained by extreme sports nor the ability to dance in the disco all night .
Life enjoyment can come from simple tings like smelling flowers , folding papers , painting , chatting and visiting old friends and far away countries .
I hope that when I grow old , I will still have the hability to love my wife and enjoy life with the many activities that i will be able to do , but I also understand that for other activities I have a limited amount of time and I hope to enjoy them as long as I can , because the day will come when I will need to stop if I dont want to get injured , and I will need to find new ways to enjoy life
I agree with the statement .
In my opinion it is common knowledge that advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
For verifying the statement you just have to think about what advertising is for .
What is the sense in advertisement ?
This can be answered quite clearly : Companies use advertising to sell more of their products .
Consulting a psychologist or taking surveys is quite common nowadays for understanding what the costumer wants or expects from a product .
Companies try to fullfill these expectations or at least pretend to do so .
They know what the costumer wants to see or have and they are more than willing to give it to him .

So , actually , advertising is mostly about illusions and psychological tricks .
The colours , the music , the script of a TV spot ...
everything was set up before .
Even the colour or the shape of the product itself .
Advertisements are often so exaggerated , that it really becomes hard to believe , e.g. whine stains on a white carpet which dissapear within 10 seconds .
These are high standards being raised !

One might say that it 's the quality of a product that counts , but how often do costumers actually buy a product , because they had seen it earlier on TV or in the newspaper and `` just want to try it '' ?
I guess it happened to everybody at least once or twice .
Some were dissapointed with the result , when the product is not at all as it was announcend in the media .
No matter if it 's the quality of clothes , the taste of some new ice cream or the sound of a new CD .
Often , the product ca n't reach the standards raised in the media .

Of course , if you want people to buy your product on a regular basis you have to add some quality .
It justifies the higher price and can convince the costumer of your product .

But , nevertheless , it is extremely important for people to make themselves clear that advertisements do n't show reality , but are trying to persuade them to buy a certain product .
I agree with the statement that `` Most advertisements make products seem better than they really are '' .
Most companies advertise products produced using an old technology , cheaper in quality , and selling an old product with a new advertisement .

First , most companies that market new products using an old technology make a very few changes , changes that are irrelevant to the final product , and advertise it as an all together new product .
For example , in the past few years with the buzz around nanotechnology , a lot of companies have been advertising products which are supposed to be using nanotechnology .
The truth is there are very few products that use nanotechnology in the product devlopement in the market .
These companies are trying to cheat customers by using the buzz words , but not actually making an relevant changes in the technology used for making the products .

Second , a lot of companies spend huge amounts of money in designing fancy advertisments and producing products of cheaper quality .
The money that they spend for these costly advertisements could be used for improving the quality of the product .
So , the money is not being channelised in the right direction .
These advertisers are big cheats by selling cheaper quality products with better advertisments .

Third , we must have seen a lot of toothbrush advertisments over years .
These companies really donot make any changes in the functionality of the old product .
All that they do is design a new fancy shape or name and sell it at a higher rate , including the advertisment costs in the price of the product .
So , the customers are being cheated by seeing these advertisments and buying old products with no new functionality .

Finally , I believe there should be stringent set of rules that prevent companies advertising just to improve their market capitalization .
There should be rules which state that no company can advertise a new product unless they have made a certain number of new changes in their products .
If they plan to advertise an old product , they should put a statuary notice saying that this is an old product with a new advertisement .
I would definetly agree that advertisers make products seem much better than they are .
I belive motivation is one of the most important qualities that make people successful .
Seeking new opportinities and better ways is avoidable .
Therefore , I strongly agree with the statement that successful individuals always try new things and take risks .

My mother always told me a story about my grandfather who was born in a poor neighbourhood and had no wealth when he was young .
He started business with a very small shoe store .
There was no employee or manager .
He was the only one working there and the store was neiter famous or popular .
He , however , had a ambition to make the store bigger and make more money .
He borrowed some money from a bank and bought a land , then expanded the store .
The decision was risky because there was not guarantee that he could pay the money back .
Some of my grandfather 's relatives , including his own father told him to stop dreaming and be careful because he was making enough money to support his family .

Because of his effort , his business was significantly succeeded and he finally ownedtwo big malls .
This great contribution could not be achieved without his risky challanges .
He could have chosen to run the small shoes store and have comfortable life as he was told by his relatives .
He did not have to worry about failing if he did , but he could not experience the great success as well .

Being conservative and doing things we already know are not totally useless .
Many people choose this way and are satisfied with their situation .
However , being motivative and finding better ways will teach more lessons to people .
Only creative and ambitious people can innovate new great ideas and be successful .
Taking a risk is neccesary to be successful in any field .
The issue of traveling with a tour guide is a controversial one .
Some people find it to be beneficial , and more informative while others think that traveling on their own is more challenging .

I , however believe that traveling with a group guide is better .
The reasons for my belief are the following :

First , traveling with a tour guide is more informative , since the guide has all the information about the place , and should be able to answer any question .
He has also visited the place many times , and knows all the interesting places to be seen .
I think that a person traveling with a tour guide will gain much more inforamtion and knowledge about a country 's culture , than if he was to travel by himself .
I have travelled with a tour guide once to Turkey , and although it was a tiring trip because the schedule was full , I got to know most of the turkish culture .
One of the things I wo n't forget , is when we visited a play about the old traditional turkish wedding .
It was a very interesting thing to see .

Second , the tour guide usually has a schedule for his group .
In this schedule the group gets to see the most important , famous , and interesting places in the country being visited , probably a person visiting the country on his own would not have been aware of , or could not have planned such a schedule .
I find the time schedule to be my ultimate reason to choose a tour guide .
Another reason , is the financial reason , usually tour guides have special deals with hotels or resturants since they bring them customers .

Third , I believe that traveling with a tour guide who knows the country , and traveling with a group of people is much safer than traveling alone .
When visiting a new place , a person does not know the safe places , or what time is a good time to walk in a certain neighborhood .
These details , which are of great importance , are taken care of by the tour guide .

For all of the reasons , I mentioned above I believe that it is a much safer , and more interesting experience to travel with a tour guide , if of course traveling to a country for the first time .
Obviously , it ca n't be denied that most advertisements try to insist on the qualities of the advertised product , and cautiously hides their dark side .
As a result , the consummers , who are the targets of the advertisement , may think that the qualities of the product are better than they are actually .

The very first reason supporting my point of view would be that i can barely imagine another goal for advertising than highlighting the qualities of the presented products .
And to do so , magnifying the greatness of your production is an appropriate way .
For instance , i can remember an advertisement for a washing powder which pretended to make your clothes ` whiter than whiter ' .
That may sound a little bit ridiculous , but that 's part of the deal as far as we talk about advertising .

Another reason explaining that behaviour can , most probably , be found in the growing competition on consumer-goods markets .
The marketing theory teaches us that if you want to overcome your opponents , you have to choose between two strategies : you can either improve your product , or you can advertise it in the proper way .
For some categories of products , only that last strategy is available : for example , as computers from various brands are all made with the same components , one of the only ways to distinguish yourself is to advertise your production properly .

But , on second thought , we may challenge our position in some ways as it is to be noticed that , on some occasions , advertisements does n't make products better than they are in real .

First , the law generally prohibit advertisements that would purely and merely lie about the properties of the good you sell .
This limitates greatly the possibilities for advertisement to make products better on screen than in real life .

Second , you ca n't exclude the possibility of having such a great product that it would be totally useless to exaggerate its faculties in an advertisement .

Finally , and that may sound paradoxical , some adverstisements seem to minimize the presented products .
The idea is to tease the consumer who is surprised because of such a strange message .
We can quote the example of the British car brand Bleinheim which present their luxury cars in a pretty poor way .
Ideas are caused by thinking intensely or doing indepth research about any particular subject .
Understanding the concept will make the person researching that particular subject a versatile in that particular subject .

A fact may leave the student only with the outer layer of an indepth knowledge related to that subject rather than understanding `` what lies beneath '' .
During my tenure as a trainer with a particular organization i trained a lot of students to become effective workers .
And this experience makes me suggest that understanding ideas and concepts is much more important than knowing facts .
When i trained employees regarding a product i.e aquring transportation permits for various trucks and tractors , I always had to talk about indepth details , about `` concepts '' .
Otherwise the person will not be able to decipher from the request as to what kind of permit he/she has to order for .
The concept of what decides a requiremnt should be understood rather than just knowing the requirement .

For example , a customer requests for a permit for a particular type of vehicle to travel interstate ( that it is not licensed for ) , which usually is provided by the company and if the vehicle is used by a red cross organization which does not necessarily have to acquire as per the law .
Now theoritically the agent taking the request should provide the permit .
Now this is where concept and ideas play a vital role .
If the agent did not pay attention to these concepts during training he/she will probably end up issuing a permit which is not required .

Another simple example : If a student knows a fact that the light bulb functions with just a press of a switch , he knows pretty much what he is supposed to know .
But , when faced a challenge with the light bulb not functioning if he does not know what different components of that tubelight emit light and what other products make it work , he probably will not be able to make it work .
Instead , he would be wasting time waiting for a technician to attend to it .

An equally interesting example is mathematics .
If students do not understand the ideas and concepts of formulas and how to work with them to find a solution for a particular problem then knowing just the fact which is just a formula would not help them solve differnbt problems of the same nature .

Therefore , I conclude by saying that students should definitely pay more attention to understanding ideas and concepts more than just learning facts .
Not just students at school but students in all walks of life .
I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I am certain of this statement because of three reasons , they do not have as many responsabilities , they are most likely to be in a better physical condition , and devote more of their time into pleasing themselves .
All of these characteristics enable a young person to enjoy life more than old people .

The majority of young people have minimum responsabilities .
The responsabilities that they have mainly consist of taking care of themselves .
For instace , wash their clothes , go to school , walk the dog .
In the case of adults , this implies going to work for long hours , having the pressure of mantaining a family and taking care of their children .
Young people do not have to carry this burden and have more free time to do whatever they please .
This enables them to take walks , to run and go out experiencing life in a spontanous and stress-free manner , thus , enjoying life more .

Another reason why young people are able to enjoy life more than older people is because they are most likely to be more physically adept .
By having a better body , meaning stronger muscles and bones , young people are able to perform more physical activities .
For example , if for a person one of the greatest pleasures in life is climbing a mountain in Huaraz they are able to accomplish this effectively with a good physical condition .
In the case of old people who could suffer from calcium defficiency , their bones would restrict them from performing this activity .
This example clearly depicts how a young person can enjoy life more than an older one .

Because of the fact that young people take more time in fulfilling their personal needs , they are able to enjoy life at its fullest .
They are most likely thinking about themselves and what makes them happy .
Since they do not have to worry about other things , and school is not excessively time consuming young people have more spare time .
For instance , a young person may not do as many tasks as an older one so they are less tired at the end of the day .
This puts them in the position to be able to go out with his or her friends .
This is another scenario that illustrates how young people can take more advantage of life than old people .

Consequently , having less responsabilites , being in a good physicial condition , and having more time to please oneself are key characteristics that young people have and that allow them to enjoy life more than a person of an older age .
Humans are curious by nature .
We tend to know more and explore the areas which we are unsure about .
Curosity in turn , causes new invention and thus improves our living style as we can see in the case of developing technology .
In my opinion , risks are a part of new inventions and it helps us knowing more about the unresolved mysteries that exists like the part of neuroscience still under development .

Risks open new path for developments .
People working for NASA , take several risks of trying out new things which were never tried before .
landing on moons , launching rockets with human beings in it to get an exact picture of space .
NASA is at its peak of success and it 's much more because of its ability to try out new things .

Trying out new things add adventure to life .
Without taking any sort of risks life would be like a stagnant pool of water with steady results or rather no change in the usual life style .
Risks are a little dangerous as the word itself might suggest but it does open up new dimensions for human to work on and explore more .

Risks are not to be scared from .
If taken in limited and sensible amounts , it will have more positive effects than negative .
NASA does n't take a step without a scientific background to the information it works on .
They calculate and prepare for the worst and achieve succesful results exploring new facts about space science .

There is a well known saying called , `` No risks , no gain . ''
It emphasizes on the fact that risks are a part of exploration process .
Without risks there wont be much to learn new things from .
Almost every job has some components that provide the employee with certain challenges to deal with , which might involve taking some risks or doing something new out of the usual practise .
In my limited experience , it is quite true that more and more youngsers neglect their own communities and pay scarce time and attention on hepling their communities .
Personal speaking , I think that there are three possible causes of this results .
First , more youngsters are taught to study harder and focus on their schoolwork , and this may make them more self-centered because teachers and even their parents require them to pursue their own accomplishment or higher grades in every contests .
Thus the younsters surrouded only by this information gradually accept this thought and are less willing to attend the publich issues , like helping their communities .
Second , it might be possible that the youngsters spend their time with their own friends playing the basketball or baseball , studying and preparing for the exams , or something eles .
Whateve they do , they always take activities together , and stay in their own groups ; therefore , if the original goal of their groups is not to help their communities , they will never touch such issues .
We all know the power of the group to constrain the members to obey and do those things recognized by other members , so this would be one of the reasons that cause them unwilling to help their communities .
Last but not the least , such events may be caused by the lack of their passion to help others .
Our education system always uses the acheivement in the school performance or the grades in the exams to assess the potential of the students as a reference of selection in university entrance exam , and therefore both the students and their parents place this event a top priority , so no wonder there are less and less youngsters who devote themselves to the public issues and are happy to help others , including their communities .
In summary , I think it is the ignorance of public issues that causes them pay much attention on helping their communities .
I really do not agree that young people enjoy life more than the older do .
I think they enjoy different areas of life but with the same intensity .
It looks like that young people are having fun with a lot of physical activities because at that stage of their life the body is always full of energy and rich of sensations .

On the other side I see a lot of old people prefer mental activities such as reading , meditation and conversation .
This happens just because at their stage of life they learn and take advantage of their mental skills .

For exemple , you can see in the same park a group of kids having a blast during a soccer game , and their grandparents sitting on a bench and be completly immerse in a conversation or reading a book .

Even with music we have two different worlds : young generation enjoy fast and laud music that they dance till they drop on the floor .
Adults get excited with less hectic music that they can listen and dance as well .

But , if you go to a dance studio , you can see that regardless the age and the kind of music people is dancing , everybody is enjoing that activity .
The intencity they put in what they are doing and the reward they get from what they are doing is not related to their age .
They just get from different sorses of joy Sorses that are more fitting with their physical and mental status of the age they have .

My impression is that both , young and old people get a lot of joy from the activites that they choose .
Like I said at the begining , they choose very different ways to spend their time but the intencity and pleasure level they achive , I am sure is the same .
People could be successful without trying new things but just by following customs only for a short term , but cannot keep being successfull for a long term without trying new things .

That is because society and trend always change .
I 'd like to bring an example of beepers and mobile phones in Japanese market .
The beeper has recently vanished after 40 years of history from its Japanese market .
It used to be one of the most popular mobile goods untill mobile phone was commonly used .
I remember when was in school , all of my friends had one and it was the main tool to communicate with each other .
If you had a bisiness to deal with beepers - could be a manufacture , supplier of materials to manufactures or agencies to make deals with consumers - your business back then must have been successful and prosperous .

However , mobile phone became more and more popular since over 10 years ago and it has now overtaken the beepers .
Nowadays almost everyone has one or even more than two , like one for private use and the other for business , and it 's hard for many people to imagine a life without them .

As being involved in the beeper business if you decided not to go into mobile phone business but stick to the beepers because you did not feel comfortable with trying new things and did not like to take risks , your business dealing with beepers must have gradually diminished and it was no longer successful .

In any category , as I meantioned above , trends constantly change and you ca n't stick to the same thing forever .
To be successful , it is necessary to adopt new things to go with the latest trend and it always require some risks but it 's , I think , unfortunately unavoidable in order to get success .
It is a general opinion that youngsters do not give enough of their time in helping their communities .
I agree with this statement .

In today 's fast paced life , hardly any youngster would even give this a serious thought .
Helping the community could mean something as simple as organising evening classes for destitutes in the own hall , or organizing an event for the orphnage children , to collecting funds for building a new school or college .
But how many youngsters actually think beyond the days ' work ?

Consider the case of a student in high school .
A typical day would begin at eight in the morning , classes for the better part of the day , then maybe some soccer or piano lessions in the evening .
And then , of course , the usual homework sessions that stretch into the night .
Not to mention the ` discotheque parties ' that form an integral part of their weekly itenary .
How are they supposed to find time in their ` busy ' schedule for community work ?

Even fresh graduates , just entering the job scene , are not spared .
They have late night schedules , loads of work , and very little time for anything else .
Even their families expect a portion of their time and energy .
It is virtually impossible for them to squeeze in some time for a visit to an elder 's home or community centre to help out .

There are a lot of expectations from someone who has just entered graduate school or someone who has got a new job .
They put in their entire energy trying to live up to these expectations , and finally do not have the energy , or even the inclination , for anything else .
If you consider their side of the story , it would seem rather unfair , considering their workload , if they had to put in some more effort for the betterment of their community .
After all , they would say , `` are n't the clergymen supposed to take care of that ? ''

But what they do not realize , is that each one of us has to contribute , in the maximum possible way , to help our community .
A proper division of time and workload would ensure that even college students and working youngsters find enough time in their schedule to do their bit for their community .
Swamped with commercials and advertisments in our daily lives , one might wonder whether a product 's quality really correspond to the one being put forward by the ad or promotion .
Although legally , companies can be held responsible for false advertisment , I believe that most of the sales and marketing campaigns for products do not reflect the real character of the product in question .

First of all , the praised outcomes of for instance cleaning products , can be questioned , as they deem to be very little effective for the actual purpose .
Spot removal products are particularly known for this .
Although TV commercials highly recommend their use , real-life results tend to be rather frustrating .
An ink spot or tomato sauce stain on your favorite yellow summer dress resists despite your desperate attempts of removing it with the highly suggested product .
Unfortunately , one cannot blame the company , as the small print on the product usually allows for many loopholes regarding the interpretation of a product 's effectiveness .

Furthermore , ad-campaigns , especially on TV or in the movie theatres , incite the viewers to step into a dreamland and do not reflect reality .
By presenting a product , such as a Sports Utility Vehicule ( SUV ) , as indestructable , indefeatable and magnificant , it may trigger hidden desires in potential customers .
Yet , it is not important whether the product will be able to fulfill all the advertised qualities .
In other words , the consumer , who will end up purchasing the item , will most likely not need all the functions ( e.g. four-wheeling ) if the SUV is being used in an urban setting only .
Nonetheless , it is important for the sake of the customer to maintain that dream alive .

Another argument , which supports my hypothesis is related to weight-watching products .
It might be true that a person is able to lose a great amount of weight within the promoted time frame ; however , this is rather a transient result .
In fact , most of the time , customers who tried such products before , have found themselves with twice the weight they had before .
Thus , the ad was only meant to effect short-term outcomes , rather than long-term related results .

In sum , the problem which advertisements are facing is a `` catch 22 '' .
While they need to promote and even enhance the qualities and capacities of a product in order to incite consumers to buy it , they tend to exaggerate and paint an inaccurate picture of its real skills , which can lead to frustrating consumer experiences .
In modern society , we always face the dilemma whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjects .
It is such a debated problem in that it effects everybody in our life .
According to different backgrounds , people may have quite different choices .
Some may frown to it , because they think if they specialize in one specific subject , they can achieve more success , .
While others may say yes , since they perfer to contact with all kinds of knowledge .
When it comes to me , I tend to agree with the second opinion , that is , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

To start with , broad knowledge is quite essential in social communication .
There is no denying that human are social beings , we need to communicate with others .
But it takes all sorts to make a world , some are teachers , some are doctors , and others may be scientists .
If we have no knowledge of other fields except your own learning area , it can be quite different to makes friends with them .
You may even do not know how to start a conversation , it can be quite frustrated .

Besides communication , there is another important point .
In certain times , some knowledge in other area is needed in our daily life .
Last summer , I went to a small town near the ocean with several friends .
We was deeply moved by the beautiful scenery there , the beach is always full of sunshine .
We loved to relax ourselves on the beach when the sun is setting sun , the breeze is blowing and seabirds are singing .
We went to a seafood restaurant nearby , the seafood there can be the best in the world .
But at this time , my friend felt quite uncomfortable .
At first all of us did not know what was wrong , suddenly I reminded a medcine book I have read before .
I happened to know that he seemed to be allergetic to this kind of seafood .
So I went to the clinic and bought the right medcine for him .
You see , sometimes these knowledge can be quite useful

`` It is always benefical to open a book '' as the old saying says , similarly , it is always benefical to gain knowledge , it can help us to know more about ourselves as well as this world .
So that this plant will be a better place to live in .

Based the discussion above , knowledge which is a integrel part in our life should always be required by human beings no matter which kind of knowledge .
Every day we face decisions that make us do something better trying a new way .
but we usually forget them and focuses only on the big one decision because those can completely change our life .
Successful people usually are more lucky with those great decisions , but I do believe that successful people are not only those who take risks , but those who can understand when take a risk trying something new , and also if their decision affects negatively other people .
Many situations in life could determine if a risk is worth taking , and are related to the field in wich the decision are taken and the fallouts of this decision .

For example a basketball coach could face the situation in wich he has to decide to try something new and unusual to win a game , such changing the defense schemes that help him win many games in the past .
In this case the risk could pay off and give him success .

On the other hand if someone is a very good medical doctor , he has many patients and has a large family , but suddently he decides to became a professional painter that risk would only hurt his patients , leaving them without a cure , and his family , leaving them without financial support .
For them he was already successful by doing what he learned and was trained to do .

I think that one major mistake that we usually commit is to measure success with creativity .
Of course a person can be successful if he do something in a new way , but there can be success also in attaining excellence in a field .
I do believe that the ability to take rational risks is very valuable , but otherwise it is more easy to be the better one doing something if you already are doing this particular things .
Somebody thinks that learn something besides his or her specific subject is kind of wasting time and energy .
However , if you have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , it will allow a better understanding of your specialty .
A broad knowledge can also help you if you unfortunately meet with accidents .
Furthermore , it gives you more topics to talk with friends .

With a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , you can do better in your specialty .
I believe everybody knows Sherock Holmes , a famous dectective .
What made him the greatest dectective in the world ever ?
A broad knowledge .
Holmes is an expert in violin .
He has also achieved great success in chemistry .
What 's more , he has several books published on the how to raise bees .
It is the large amount of knowledge in all the subjects that made him a distinguished dectective .
I remembered in the case that several people died after they have gone to swim in a small lake , Holmes used his biology knowledge to solve it .
It turned out that there was a rather rare poisonous jellyfish in that lake .
If he had put all the efforts on his specific subject , maybe he would not be able to solve it .

When meeting with accidents , a specific knowledge may not offer much help .
Let us assume that poor David met with a leg fracture .
If he specializes in Chemistry and nothing else , he might sit there , crying .
However , if David has some knowledge besides Chemistry , he might know to place some ice on the injured leg .

What 's more , a broad knowlege gives you many topics among your friends .
Almost no one likes to hear a professional talk on the development on brass .
However , nearly everyone fancies a talk on the history of opera .

More topics among friends , do better in your specialty , and know how to do if met with a accident , a broad knowledge of many subjects is definitely better than merely specialize in one subject .
I strongly agree with the idea that twenty years from now there will be fewer cars on road than there are now .

First of all , as the petroleum becomes expensive because of ever increasing demand , depletion of currently easily accessible and cheaply drilled wells not to mention the increasing costs associated with finding new source of petroleum , the people will become more reluctanct to spend huge money on gas and hence might feel motivated to use car-pools or public transit systems .

Secondly , such huge rise in prices will also motivate government to increase investments on public transit systems such as subways and metros .
Investment will also be made in reserach and development of faster means of conveyance with more security features than a car can provide .

If the cars on road grow on increasing at current rates , it is highly likely that so will accidents .
A safer and faster way of conveyance , if developed , is bound to attract people and hence fewer number of cars on roads .

Another consideration is the traffic jams if the number of cars keep on increasing .
The infrastructure is limited in any country and it can not match the pressure public is putting on it by bringing up new cars on road .
Eventually , there might be no room for infrastrcture improvments in most countries and hence one will not be able to avoid daily ritual of traffic congestion .
This situation is bound to make people give a second thought on using public transit or car-pools than traveling in one car all alone .

In fact , if any of the reasons I mentioned above - the price of gas , the accidents , the traffic congestion , no room to expand infrastructure - becomes very worse , the government of that country might have to regulate the production of cars or create special permits to buy cars .
Such regulations might seem to breach human rights in the first place , but they will do greater good to public at large in long run than harm .

To conclude , the fact that natural resource such as petroleum and the possiblity of infrastructure expansion are limited , it is certain that in twenty years from now , the number of cars in use will be fewer .
`` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ''

While reading the statement saying `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' , each person can have their own opinion .
Personally i disagree with that statement .
I will show my point of view in his essay .

After witnessing the huge evolution of transportation and communication , we are nowadays very much concerned about the environemental problems that are caused by this evolution .
However , people ca n't stop using transportation methods though it destroys the environement .

For the past twenty years , we have seen that the number of cars in use is increasing .
In fact nowadays it has become an essential part of our lives .

Twenty years ago , each family had a car , whereas nowadays each member of the family has his own car , which did n't only increse the environemantal probems but we are also facing a huge number of car accidents which , most of the time can lead to death .

On another hand , cars are being used nowadays to travel .
Many people think that cars are saffer than airplanes .
And sometimes cars could be used to take big or heavy things when airplanes ca n't handle the weight .

People today are very attached to their cars .
In fact , people can personalise their cars , by the color , the car model , the seats ...
It became part of our identity .

People are more and more attached to their cars , and that 's why i do n't see how in twenty years there could be fewer cars in use than there are today .

I personally disagree with this statement because i think that cars became part of our lives .
If we come to think about it , we all use the car on a daily basis , at least once a day ..

The only way to have fewer cars in use in the next twent years is having an evention that would replace the car , which ca n't really be made in a short period of twenty years .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks , because , I think , that 's what makes them successful .

Peolpe who remain doing things they already do for a long time get used to it .
Developing routines gives security , but keeps your abilities on a certain level .
After a certain amount of time you do n't get better in what you 're doing .
I think , that 's when successfull people decide to make a change .
They realize there 's no improvement and try something new .

My husband , for example , was working as an operator after his apprenticeship .
He keeps telling that he earned good money those days .
But he was n't satisfied with what he was doing .
Therefore he went back to school to become an engineer .
Now he works as an engineer for 15 days and he 's still very happy that he made that decision , because he finds the engineering work so much more interesting .

Another point , stated in the statement , is that risk taking makes people successfull , too .
In my opinion that is true , because starting something new implies to take risks .
The risk can be to borough money , live somewhere else or even give up a job , like friends of us did .
They both had good jobs in a big town in Germany .
He was a manager and she worked as a doctor in a hospital .
Although a lot of peolpe were admiring them leading such a life , the couple decided to quitt their jobs and move to the countryside .
Everybody kept asking them , if they got mad .
Their answer was , that they decided for their relationship .
Obviously there must have been some problems , we did n't see .
For some people this couple did n't look like being successfull , but I think , to be successfull does n't have to have the meaning of earning a lot of money .
Being successfull means to do what 's best for you .

In conclusion , successfull peolpe have learned to take care of their self-interest .
When one decides to travel , one might think on the purpose that this intended travel is to take .
When one travels on a leisure basis aspect it is up to the person itself to portray how he / she pictures such expriences to be covered .
For example , if one plans to travel and visit Ancient Rome , Ancient Greece , Egypt etc , one might evaluate the option of having a tour guide .
The tour guide , being a person that is familiar with such sorroundings will definitely take the person to visit and enjoy such famous landmarks that are worh traveling for .
One has a pre-organized schedule of those places to be visited , therefore making great use of time .
Everything is basically under control leaving time for excitement , satisfaction and fun .
Most of the time , tour guides help the person learn and enrich themselves personally with specific accounts on the place that is being visited .
It enriches one , not only educationally , but can also be plenty worth the time .

On the other hand , when one decides to travel without a tour guide , one might be seeking , action , adventure , curiosity .
On might intend to explore the sense of discovering things and places that has n't been seen before .
Then again it is up to the person to `` get out there '' and find the things that will make a trip worthwhile and exciting .
No one handles the travelers time except him/her .
They decide where to go , how to get there and when to go , making it then more intrinsic and inspirational when its time to make the best of it and of course make the memories long-lasting and cherishable .
So , when it comes to whether choosing or not a tour guide to accompany a traveler on its trip , it must depend on what the person seeks and strives to acknowledge , live and learn along the course of his / her exciting journey .
In the following text I discuss the question if in twenty years are fewer cars in use than today .
First of all you have to take into consideration the country you are talking about , because I am sure it is too difficult to discuss the development of car sales for all over the world .

In my case , I am going to talk about the amount of cars in Germany .
As far as I know , Germany is already one of the countries that has a very high rate of car users .
That is why it becomes harder to sell more and more cars .
Moreover it is important to know that cars are not cheap at all .
Thus , the wealth of a country influences the car sales as well .

In Germany there is one more factor .
The greens are an important power in the german government .
That can be explained by the wish of minimizing the pollution .
People do not want to see their children growing up in a world full of cars which pollute the air .

On the other hand scientists always try to improve the quality of cars and it is possible , that they will invent a car which will not pollute our environment anymore .
So I am sure , such a car would lead to more cars in twenty years .

One huge disadvantage of cars is the trouble on the streets .
In my opinion it is horrible to cross a bigger city like Berlin or London by car .
It usuallz takes several hours and even if you have been in a good mood , you will be in a very bad mood after the third traffic jam .
Compared to cars it is so much more comfortable to take the underground in a big city .
More and more young people want to live in the city and they grew up with ideas of how to avoid pollution and that is why I think in twenty years will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I absolutely agree with that statement .
And I do agree because I think that only by taking some risks in life you can make yourself different from other people .
I think this for several reasons .
Fist of all , everyone can do the same things well all life long .
But just a few can distinguish themselves .
For example , many people in life are happy by doing the same things , all days , all years , all life .
But for other people this is a limit .
Some people in fact ca n't do the same things all life long just because that ' s not in their nature .
They feel not satisfied by doing a repetitive life .
They must change their position .
I believe that succesful people are successful because they ca n't do same things all life long .
But not only .
I believe that successful people love the challenge .
Challenge is in their nature , and they just can not ignore it .
They do n't like to feel like other people so they take risks and try new things .
They do these things to prove the world that they are better than other people , that they are special persons .

Challenge is their life and without challenge theiy are not stimulated and so they feel depressed .
So another reason why I believe that successful people take risks is that because they are ambitious .
That 's not all .
There is something more , I belive .
And this is the feelig that a person feels when he reaches an high level , for example in work , or anywhere .
For example : a man with a normal job in normal city , in a normal and boring coutry , decides to invest his money in a new activity .
The activity works good , and the man feels like he is God in person .
He changed his life !

The feeling is the one that says to them : I made it ! .
The adrenaline that you feel is such a good feeling .
You feel like you could do everything , if you just wanted .
So ambitious people also love that adrenaline shock and the feeling that they prove when they made something important .
But taking risk is not always an open highway .
Tat-s a difficult path to walk on , but if you have got the ability , the intelligence and a little luck it will problably wok .

To sum up I think that succesful people love the challenge , love to feel good with themselves and love to say : I made it !
I both agree and disagree to this statement .

First of all , I believe that a person who lives in an academic environment should have a broad knowledge on a number of subjects .
Because the solutions to todays problems require a broad knowledge from various areas of science .
And those areas are usually interrelated to each other .
Whilst trying to find a relevant solution to an issue , a person could face many problems from a different area of science .
So , the person should at least be familiar with the most basic principles of the related areas .

I also believe , people with a broad knowledge on various subjects can easily understand the problem , find out the relevant options to solve it , and refer to the right fellow academics to get the right answers .
If one does not have a broad knowledge , he/she cannot find the way out of the difficulty he/she may face .

On the other hand , the in depth specialization in a subject is a must in todays academic studies in order to be able to get to the right solutions of the problems in a particular subject .
Todays scientific problems require so good and in depth knowledge that one should be a subject matter expert to conduct relevant procedures in order to get relevant solutions .
Who would think , without the special knowledge in the subject one could be successful ?
I agree with the statement `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .

The statement above is considered to be statisticly true due to the fact that those successful people have a back-up plan that they are currently using which is the things they are already doing .
The saying `` If it ai n't broke do n't fix it '' is false for the business world .

If those sucessful people keep clinging to what they already have eventuallly somebody else will take thier idea and evolve it or take it to another level , thus leaving those successful people no choice but to take risks and try new ideas .

If successful people try new ideas that help them and further increase thier profit and help them build a better reputation then they will gladly take that idea .
If they try something new and hope that it becomes successful then the faith that they put in thier new idea ( ex .
project , product , or any other thing ) will either strengthen or weaken depending on the outcome of the new idea .

In life it 's either eat or be eaten .
The same rule applies to the business world .
If you have a plan that you might think will work or will not work then you should take a chance and not any chance but a calculated chance that gives you hope of letting your plan work or flourish .
Many people try to invent new gizmo 's or even update old ideas , but they fail in doing so becuase they lack the financial aid or even the help from people , that is why only successful people take chances and try new ideas so that their success continues and that thier business continues to grow .
I disagree with the statement provided .
Because cars are the efficient transport of a man.cars are the easiest means of transport for the man today .
If the man wants to lead a luxurious life he must have a car .
In the modern day car has become the status symbol for a man .

I dont have any sort that there will be fewer cars in twenty years than today , as the population of the world is growing , we cant say that the use of cars will be less as compared now .
If the usage of cars is less then what the people are going to use ?

When compared to all the vehicles that are available now in the marked , the best transport that fits a family is car , which is affordable by a common man .
If one has to travel from one place to another , everytime he cannot afford to go by aeroplane , trains , when he is having the cheaper means of transport .

If a person has a car of his own , he does n't have to rely on the public transport such as buses , trains , trucks , aeroplanes etc .
Though there are other means of transport one should have a own vehicle such as car .
If he has a car it is useful to him at any part of the day .

The needs and desires of a man suggests to have a car .
A man has to face problems if he doesnot have a car .
If he has to travel urgently without wasting time he has to prefer a car of a flight .
The charges for the flight would be very expensive , so the man prefers to go by car .
If he has to go by means of public transport , lot of time will be wasted for him as he has to go to the nearby statins early to book a ticket and he has to wait for the bus to go .

So i dont agree with the above statement .
Hence cars are not going to be fleeting and they are the only means of transport which are going to be used by every person .
Hence there will be more cars than today , twenty years from now .
Generalism versus specialism is a widely discussed topic nowadays .
In older days most academic fields required rather broad general knowledge with pointed specific knowledge in certain subjects .
With the advancement of society and science the demand for generalists decrease and the demand for specialists increased .
Why is that ?
Let me explain this using the field of medicine as an example .
In the past medical doctors were able to overlook broad fields of medicine , giving them the chance to help patients with many different diseases at a good level of care .
With the advancement of medicine and medical research the complexity of each medical field increased and it became harder and harder for an individual to keep up with the advanced knowledge in each field .
To be able to treat a patient according to the state-of-the-art standards of medicine nowadays one has to be a specialist in his field .
For generalists the field of practice becomes smaller and smaller while more and more subjects are taken and spaces been filled with specialists .
Knowledge in medicine is said to double every five years .
This proves that a medical doctor today cannot accumulate the same level of knowledge in many medical subjects and reach a comparable level of perfection as one could thirty years ago .

Now , is this a change to the good ?
Do I agree that specialization is good ?
It might be usefull and the pace of scientific advancement might not give us a choice , but I personally believe that at the same time something is lost .
What ?
Well , first at all the general picture is lost .
A specialist often has not the same broad idea of the big picture , let 's say - to stick with the example of the general doctor - of the patient 's background , other medical problems , medical problems in different social and geographic groups of society and the influence amongst medical problems .
Second at all the more specialized a person - in this example a doctor - becomes the more likely it will be that he is only neeeded for a small number of duties , investigations or treatments , wich in my oppinion leads to more perfectionism at first , but very easily leads to a lack of compassion and boredom soon afterwards , leaving behind a specialist with no enthusiasm and compassion any more for his job and profession .
In that way I personally do agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many topics or subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
We can often see many sucessful people in daily newpapers and magazines .
Have you ever wondered what they have in common .
I claim that sucessful people tend to try new things more and do n't afraid of risks .
This innovative ways will make them more successful .

First , people who try new things and take risks have more chances to overcome their own lilmits .
While they are taking risks , they can inspire themselve to develop , and this self-development will be the foundation of sucess .
For example , when I was in university , I did n't like the subject `` English composition '' a lot , but I had to pass it to graduate from school .
When I registered the course at first , I hasitated a lot but I decided to take a risk and then , finally , I passed this course sucessfully .
In addition , I had an opportunity to find my interest in English .
Since then , English is one of my specialties that everyone admit .

Second , when you are trying to do new things , you can be more creative .
That 's because you face risks and there 's no sample to solve this problem .
For instance , let 's take a look at a computer company `` Apply . ''
While other computer companies were focusing on only technology , `` Apply '' was pursuiting a different way , design .
While `` Apply '' is emphasizing the design , they created more designe than people had expexted .
Afterward , now almost everyone in a subway has a iPod in their hands .

Finally , while peole who love to try new things are handling their tasks , they will not follow the traditional ways .
These new ways will boost them to find better and faster ways to success .
For example , when you do your work in your office or your room , have you ever changed the order of your daily rutine ?
At the begining , you might be confused by little things but , at the end , you will find more fun with better ways to deal with your work .

In conclusion , I 've mentioned why I believe sucessful people pursut noveler ways of doing things and do n't afraid of risks .
That 's because they can get over their limits with creativity .
Moreover , while they are pursuiting new ways , they can find better and faster methods to accomplish their work .
Many peolpe have one or even more cars .
In todays time they have become very important to many people and they cannot miss them anymore .
I do not agree with the statement : In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

In my oppinion ther will not be many disadvanatges of cars in the future anymore .
There will be other sources of energie for cars that neither would be so bad for the environment nor would they be so expensive as energie is today .
As a result , many people would like to drive their car just because it is fun .
Because driving a car will be extremly secure in twenty years , there will be other types of cars invented that will be used just for fun .
Even poor people will be able to drive a car just for fun .
Driving in a car would be much more comfortable than it is today .
In addition to that there will be a better system of streets ; as a result , there will not be so much traffic anymore .
So all in all there will not be many disadvantages left .

In twenty years the peolpe will be more bussy than today .
Therefore they will need the car to move fast from one point to another .
It will be very important to have a perfect time-management .
The peolpe also will use the car in other ways as today .
They will use their car for meetings with other people or to have a braek and eat something in the car .
In my oppinion the car will play another role in the whole live of the people .

All these arguments support my oppinion , and show why I do not agree with the statement .
The car is very important to many people today and because of the development of the problem , not to have enough time , it will be impossible to miss the car for the most people .
As a result , there will be many cars in twenty years .
I disagree with the given statement `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
Although one may arrive to this conclusion by observing a particular group or kind of people .
However , one should remember these groups do not represent the whole of todays young generation .

I disagree with the idea because i myself have seen many instances of community work done by school and college students .
Many social work organizations accross the country constitutes of very young people .
For example in almost all institutes of excellence in higher study through out the country ( India ) , they have a credit course on social and community service namely ( National Social Services ) .
In this course students try and help their community by doing various social works in their free times .
For example teaching english to village children , educating villagers about certain diseases and hygine conditions , etc .

Also , since this statements seems to be a realtive one .
Like comparing todays younger generation with that of past .
I dont think scenario has changed a lot with time , i mean youth today are aware of their responsibilities and duties towards the community as much as their ancestors .
We can find all kinds of peoples at any given time period , Moreover , there are no conclusive evidences that section of youths working for the community have increased or reduced with time .

According to me nowadays the young crowd is more informed about its duties and responsibilities .
It is quite evident from the fact that competition is increasing in every area .
More and more people want to become something be it doctor , engineer or scientist , they all are willing to serve the community in one way or another .
The above example may be a bit confusing as , how these academic advances can be related to helping the communities .
But , in my view , a student studying engineering or medicine is surely serving the community , by providing it with doctors and engineers for the future .

To summarize , I disagree with the given statement due to lack of any given statistics and my own personal experiences .
Infact , according to my point of view the young people nowadays are more aware and responsible towards their community .
Young people and older people enjoy their life in different ways .
Some people think that young people enjoy life more than adults , however other people think the opposite .
I will discuss both points of views and finally give my opinion .

Young people enjoy their life in several ways .
Children have fun playing with their toys , they can spend hours playing with them and they do not get bored .
Teenagers like to go out with their friends and also to go to parties .
For example , as a teenager I like to go to the beach with my friends and go to discos and pubs .
Young people also enjoy life when they reach a goal .
For instance , I felt really happy when I won the first place with my friends in a rugby competition .
Children also enjoy and feel happy when they know someone protects them and give them love .

Older people have fun and enjoy life in many ways .
Adults feel happy when they reach a goal or they get something important .
For example , when my father was hired in a very good company in my country he was really glad and I noticed he was enjoying it .
Other way to have fun is travelling , most adults like to travel and meet other people .
For instance , my mother is a person who likes to travel a lot and I always go with her , I enjoy it too but I know thats the way my mother enjoys her life .

Something that is very common is that adults lay on their beds and watch television and they seem to enjoy it , even though some people find it boring .

In conclusion , I think that younger people enjoys life more because there are more moments of happiness while they are children and teenagers .
They have fun in easier ways than older people .
Therefore , in my point of view , children and teenagers enjoy more their life .
It is often said that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
When you are young , you are less aware of the difficulties you can meet in a life .
I think this sentence is in some ways true .
But I also believe that when you are older , you can enjoy life more than young people .

First , when you are young , your life is ahead .
We can say that anything is still possible .
You are not conscious of all the realities of the world and your mind is still full of dreams .
When you do n't have a family to feed , Life seems so much simpler .
Moreover , you are still healthy , health matters are not there to stop you .
What can deprive you from going in club all night then ?
If you do n't do this now , when will you do it ?
When you are young , you still have illusions that you drive into doing things without much concerning about the implications of your decisions .
However , it seems important to me to notice that nowadays , the reality of the world has changed and young people are probably more worried toward their future than the past generations were .

Second , I guess that when people get older , they find other ways to enjoy .
I think it is difficult to compare the joy of going to a club every night and the joy of taking care of his/her young grandchildren .
I believe when you are more experienced about Life , you do n't see the things from the same point of view and you can enjoy some little things in your life that you would n't have noticed when you were younger .

If enjoying life means doing crazy things , then you have to be young to enjoy it .
If you understand it as feeling happy to live , then I think you could be as happy at any time of your life .
Learning and understanding are two cognitive abilities that are closely related and are part of the every day experience of a human being .

I would say that , since students are constantly interacting with their environment and with others , learning from these experiences come as the main factor .
This ability could be defined as the disposition of the student to process information he receives from his environment , through his senses ( what he sees , listens and feels ) and is capable to categorize and keep this information for adaptional purposes .
Each information is contained in what we commonly call : experiences .

And by experiences I mean facts .
Facts are part of reality , part of the outside world , and helps a student understand a world that should be articulated with his internal experiences ( such as thoughts , and emotions ) .
Moreover , become socially adaptive and in coherence with his own thoughts about how the world works and how will he explain to himself the actions and reactions of his enviroment ; including natural scenarios , people and the diversity of this interactions , which are all part of the process of learning .

Understanding becomes an ability where the student considers what of all that he has learned is comprehensible enough for him .
That is , if he distinguishes significantlly between events and parts of reality .

For example , a new subject ( chemistry , to mention one ) is being taught to a student , first he receives all the information about it , theories , authors , investigations , etc ; but right after he has , lets say , accumulate all this information in his mind , after he has learned about this new subject , he will begin to comprehend , understand it , by re-reading books , articles , by talking and expressing his ideas , by reproducing the author 's point of view , etc .

Therefore , I do n't agree with the statement .
I consider that facing the oustide world is first and it is a process of learning ; understanding is that second part of the process on where the student ( or human being ) will form in his mind ideas , concepts , opinions , even hypothesis about what he has already learned .
So learning and understanding are in the same level of importance .

It is a matter of what comes first and how they influence the interaction between the student 's innerworld and reality placed outside .
Enjoyment is an obscure term .
It is very relative in its meaning and varies from person to person .
But the final denoument of an enjoyment is joy , happiness , a time to forget our worries and to be cheerful and optimistic .
So a young guy possibly enjoys more in the company of his girlfriend than he does that at home .
Or an old man enjoys more with his grandchildren than in exploring new restaurents and tastes .
The reason to write prceeding lines is to construe that the term enjoyment does n't lessens with age but it redefines its meaning with age .
And that is why I disagree with what is implied in the issue - enjoying life declines with age .

For , most of the people who would be in consensus with this topic , will have a portrait of an old man in their mind , who 's very feeble and is on verge of collapse and for the young the 'll possibly think of a nocturnal creature who never leaves a chance to party .
But if we think in a different direction , and imagine that oldies are not always feeble .
The great politicians ruling our country , the businessmen , entreprenuers , critics , film directors , novelists and every person who 's having a very promnent place either in corporate world or society , very rarely we find a stint of young in them .
Dont these people enjoy their life ?
Dont they enjoy their life by giving a complete devotion to their work and benefiting millions of others - including youth .
At the end of the day , to make earnest decisions we need to rely on older ones , we need to seek their openion without which our work wont progrss .
And dont they enjoy giving their valuable openion to us ?
This means that enjoyment cannot be restricted only to regular partygoers and for the ones having a great friend circle .
One can derive enjoyment from his work , from his decisions , by spending time in company of those whom we love , by sporting , by entertainment .
And any of these terms are not restricted by age .
The only thing required is inclination towards doing things from which one derives pleasure .
And thus I conclude a negative assertion towards the authors topic .
Is not easy in this case to completely agree or disagree with this statement .
Reason being that ideas and concept cannot prescind from understanding of facts .
A fact is something that is happened , while a concept is the reason why it happened .
These two things have to go together for an individual to be able to catch the complete essence of things .

For me , what this statement says , is that what happened in the past can easily be ignored , that facts , what truly happened before , play little or no importance in a student 's learning experience .

Every History teacher will scream when hearing such an opinion .
In many cases , facts can teach a lot more than concepts .
Just think about our whole story , the story of mankind , and the big crime we would commit when ignoring what man did before us .
You can study about culture and philosophy , about religion and mathematics , but you will never completely understand about yourself and the others until you 've learned about what has already happened and what has already been done .

The concept of genocyde can be explained with hundreds of words , but will never be fully understood until what happened has been studied and observed through documents and videos .
So the concept of , to give a contrasting example , driving a car can be explained with loads of words and ideas .
But only when it comes to actually show what happens if you take a certain action you can fully understand about driving .

At the other side , I must say that without a complete understanding of basic concepts , it is impossible to study proficiently any subject .
Whatewer will be shown to you , always needed will be a clear concept that explains the meaning of what you see .

A major difference between an Italian University and an American one is in the different learning method : while in the Italian institution fundamental is the necessity of remembering word by word what is explained in the books , without any practical application , in the American method this study is accompanied by an active class discussion and group participation .
The first method will obviously bring every student to memorize the concepts studied , but sometimes without even understanding them , while with application and confrontation in the class , basic understanding of the concepts is needed to constructively participate and learn .

Without concepts , there is no understanding of facts ; without facts there is no `` real '' understanding of concepts .
The two things must go together .
I think that fewer cars will be in use in twenty years because of several reasons .

First of all , there is a growing environmental awareness that is going to drive the decrease in car usage .
People are increasingly aware that current pollution levels and even oil resources are not sustainable in the long term .
Even nowadays there are examples of city majors banning the entrance of cars to certain areas in order to protect them , and this could well be a growing trend looking forward .
An efficient technological alternative to oil has to be found but until this outbreak occurs , governments would have to find a solution to make the best possible use of the limited oil resources .
Therefore , a possible solution would be to encourage the use of public transportation while disencouraging the use of cars ( taxes , fees to enter certain city areas , increasing parking fees , etc . )

In addition to environmental awareness , I think that people would actually end up finding public transportation a better way to move around than cars .
This would obviously need a general improvement of public transportation , but it seems quite reasonable that this improvement will occur with the government aligned in a drive to restrict car usage .
Once public transportation is improved , people will without any doubt choose it because of two resons .
Firstly , people like to travel in the fastest and safest way .
Public transportation will be a safer way of moving around than cars , and it woul even be faster , as it could avoid traffic jams .
In the second place , public transportatio will prove to be more cost and time effective .
People will be able to save a significant amount of money while travelling in a more time-effective way , as not only will they get to their destinations in less time but they will also be able to read or even work while they are travelling .
I strongly agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing only what they already know how to do well .
Because without taking the risks and trying new things one can never be successful in his life .
His success is very limited by the adopted procedures .
If we ca n't take risks and try another things how can we develop new things , make new discoveries .
It is only because Einstein conducted 1000 experiments we get bulb .
It is by taking chances and risks one can do creative works .

Every new technology is created by taking risks and trying new things .
Take the example of Television in 1980 there are black and white CTVs and by trying new things technology is upgraded day by day .
Relate the Television of now with that of 1980 now we have screen up to the size of 100 inches and we have LCD TV and PLASMA TV which is 100 times better than the past TV in terms of technology , size and graphics .
It is only because of trying new things .

Definition of business is to try new things and take risks .
If you stick to the adopted methods you will only go to a certain limit .
If you want to touch the sky then you must try new things .

Take the example odf WIPRO chairman Mr. AZIM PREMJI he has a vegatable oil bussiness but he tries new things and had taken risks and now WIPRO is billion dollar software company .

Take another example of INFOSYS mentor Mr. Narayan Murthy a middleclass man in 1980 try a idea of opening a software compony with ten people by contributing RS .
10,000 only by every member and now INFOSYS is a global softwre company .
It is because he take risks and moreover try something unique and now he is a successful man .

Therefore I strongly agree with the statement that Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I support this by giving specific reasons to support this .
I believe that the young people enjoy life more than the old .
There are two major reasons for this claim .

At first , the young people are healthier than the old people .
Health is everything for humans .
In fact , if one is not healthy he/she can not enjoy the life at all .
Most enjoyable human activities , such as relationship with the other sex , eating , doing fun things such as playing sports games , dancing , etc. , require healthy people .
As humans age they lose their ability to enjoy most of these activities as much as they used to .
For example , a 70-year-old man can not eat food that have high calories and a number of unhealthy ingredient .
In contrast , a 20-year-old college student can eat from the same food as much as he wants , and nothing happens .

Secondly , older people loose their enthusiasm to do a lot of fun activities because of their financial risks .
Older people tend to avoid doing activities not only because of the health risk , but also financial risks .
Unfortunately , most of the fun activities in today 's world cost a lot of money , such as going for a vacation on an expensive island .
At young ages people do not think about financial risks of their action because they think they have a long life to compensate .
However , older people would think that if they overspend they may not be able get a job and work to make up for it .
Although it may be argued that older people would have more money to do the expensive activities than the young people , I think that young people have the potential to work hard and save enough money for these activities .

In conclusion , I strongly believe that as the people get older they enjoy the life less because of a number of limitations that aging brings to them .
The success of a person is only measured on a just way by himself .
If it is not a persons priority to live in luxury but with knowledge we ca n't assume he is not successful if he does not have a big house and a big SUV .
We can acknowledge that he has had success in his life because he reached his goals .

Even so , it is my belief that people that succeed in their goals are people that have to , on some circumstances , take the risk and play their chances to what they believe in .
If you do only what you know what to do well , you will only do what you were taught .
And you wo n't stand out from the rest and succeed if you do only what everyone does .

People follow patterns in their everyday lives .
Many even have routines and feel secure with them , but the key to succeed in life is to take risks when you have to and play to your strenghts .

Not everyone is the same in attitudes and experiences , but the fact that someone has knowledge and information equal to that which we possess is a possibility , the difference comes to what we decide to do with what everyone knows and what makes you special .

When we try to leave possitive mark in the world and its inhabitants day by day , we are succeeding on a level of moral fiber and character .
Then , that kind of success will translate into a series of events that lead to what we chose when we decided what we would do with our lives .

Its hard to fail and believe that we have not succeded , we are forced to believe that because we failed some prototype imprinted to us by someone or something , but if we are really whole and concient people , we will see that to fail to ourselves is the only way to fail in life .

Money , fame and women are n't success unless you want to think so that way .
Media gives us a vision of of what is according to them a true successful life , but it is we who make the choice of what to believe .
Success innovates , success creates , but more than anything , success gives you peace and interior calm .
It is a well-known tradition for students to dislike dates .
Therefore , it seems that maybe they do n't like learning facts , which seems harder than `` just '' understanding an idea or concept .

Indeed , once you have understood the idea of something , theorically , it remains in your mind , whereas facts are easily forgotten .
You can then re use the concept you have learned before , only because you understood how it worked , why it was important , and so on .
And , something very important for the students , if they do n't really remember the exact words their teacher used to explain the concept , they can made up something of their own , which may still be accurate .

On the contrary , you cannot do the same withs facts .
Facts , as it is implied , are precise , occurred in special situations , and were followed by special consequences .
For example , you can explain to someone what is the concept of Epicure 's philosophy , even if you do n't really remember all the aspects of it , eventually your explanation may still be valuable for the other person .
It is more complicated with facts ; indeed , you cannot imagine how Henry 8th left the Catholic Church to create the Church of England , unless you know the facts , the dates , the consequences , and so on .

As far as I am concerned , I think that facts are as important as concepts or ideas .
Facts are needed to understand concepts , and concepts are needed to foresee facts ' consequences , for example .

Concepts may sometimes be too abstract for students , and the vocabulary generally used to explain a `` concept '' is not really words that we use in everyday 's life , and it may be a problem for some students .
Here , facts can help the teacher ( or the person explaining ) making the ideas clearer for the others .

To conclude , I would say that there is a very close relationship between understanding ideas and learning facts ; none is more important than the other , and when you are sutdying , you need to do both to succeed .
In our society , where advertisements are everywhere , one can wonder if companies do not try to convince us that some of their products are much better than what they really are .
We will first discuss why it is sometimes true , then why companies cannot really cheat , and finally , we will explain why it has no real importance in our society .

It is a commonly shared idea that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
As a matter of fact , the aim of an advertisement is to sell a product .
Therefore , when a company wants to sell a product , it can be more efficient to make potential customers believe that it is better than what it really is .
In our society , for example , design is widely used to make us buy things that we do not really need : the lack of efficiency of a product can be hidden by its design , or by the pictures and text shown in the advertisements .
For example , companies like Apple greatly rely on design to sell them products .
One can wonder : `` Why does this company need so to spend so much in advertisement ?
Is the product not worth its cost ? ''
.
Obiously , the way some products are presented in advertisements make them appear better than what they really are : advertisements for pastas always shows them cooked with delicious sauces ; advertisements for burgers always show us big , perfect burgers , whereas everyone knows they do not look at all like this when we go to Mac Donald 's !

But on the other hand , cheating with the actual quality of a product is not effective in a long term commercial strategy .
Obviously , people who bought a product because they believed it was much better than what it effectively is , will not buy it another time .
This is why companies know that they cannot cheat too much .
Moreover , there are several laws concerning advertisement : lying in an advertisement is forbidden for instance .
For examples , we can see on old Guiness advertisements , `` Guiness is good for you .
Gives you strength '' .
Such advertisements , which were common in the early 1900s , has completely vanished because laws have been voted to prevent this .

The most important think is , i believe , that as we all perfectly know our society , we all more or less know when advertisers lie to us and when they do not .
Even we often see monsters jump out of cereals on the television ( like for instance the tiger from Frosties ) , we know that it will not happen for real .
In the same way , we do not believe that some product will remove every kind of dirt on any clothing .
It has been argued that it is better to gain wider knowledge of numerous academic subjects rather than to deeply research one specific subject .
I disagree with this idea because specializing one particular subject brings several advantages for the following reasons .

First , since technology is really advanced nowadays , professinals , who have deep knowledge of one subject , are more required than generalists who have broader knowledge .
For instance , my uncle works in Micro Soft .
He told me that when he started working in the company , there were many employees who had vast general knowledges .
However , since computer technology has been developed dramatically , the company only hires specialists these days because more sophisticated programmers are essential in order to advance its technology .
This tendency explains that it is better to focus on a specific subject than to have broad knowledge of wider subjects .

Second , as technology is sophisticated , specialized knowledge is mandatory to protect it as well .
For example , PC security and computer hackers are one of good example .
My uncle has been assigned in a computer security division in Micro Soft .
There are 20 core members in his division , who all have PhD , including my uncle .
Hackers do like computers and they study computer programs very deeply .
Thus , the security division must hire people who are very specialized to fight the hackers .
This example also represents that it is better to gain a specialized knowledge than broader knowledge of many academic topics .

Lastly , specialized knowledge brings higher income .
For instance , my uncle receives much higher salary than his long time friend who are a sales representative in Micro Soft .
His friend studied various subjects in his school age and actually regrets that he should have focused on a particular subject .

In summary , although some people insist that it is better to develop broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to focus on a particular subject , I disagree with this idea .
This is because the latest sophisticated technology requires specialists in a particular subject to develop and protect it .
Specialized knowledge also brings higher incomes .
Tycoons are famous examples of persons who embody success .
However , people might become successful because they took some risks and achieved something new , whereas others are successful in repeating perfectly something already existing .
I think that success is bound with innovation and that doing something already known is less impressive .

In science or technology , many scientists became successful because they discovered or invented something new .
Indeed , taking risks is similar to not following a commonplace guidance .
For Bill Gates found success in creating the first computers .
Another example is Alfred Nobel , who took huge physical risks in order to secure and then product dynamite .
Successful people are visionaries .
In art , innovation often benefits inventing artists .
Howard Hugues , an american tycoon , became famous because he dared to shot the most expensive movie ever made , and he broke many records in airplane history .

On the other hand , taking risks is not always followed by personnal success .
Success only happens when a majority of people acknowledge that someone did something outstanding .
For example , Nicolas Copernic asserted that the Earth was moving around the Sun , and not the other way round .
Even if he was right he did not became successful because no one at that time could believe that theory .
Howard Hugues , though he had great ideas will remain in memories because he failed to output its project of a giant plane .
The question , whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one spefific subject is an issue of controversy .
First , I am going to point out the most important points in favor of having a broad knowlegde of many academic subjects .
In my opinion it is very important to have a reliable basis of general knowledge in many different field of study , in order to be qualified for all upcoming challenges in future life .
Especially in our modern times , one can never be 100 % sure to be able to keep the same job during one 's whole carreer .
This means diversity is what counts today .
People need to be adaptive to new kinds of tasks all the time , which will obviously work best , when they are educated as broadly as possible .

On the other hand , there are also arguments in favor of specialising in one specific subject .
To begin with , I would like to point out that despite the advantages of having general knowlegde in many academic subjectes , this knowledge will always stay at quite a superficial level .
It is simply not possible to get a deeper understanding of many different academic subjects , as each one of them is very complex in itself .
In order to work in a responsible position , i.e. as a doctor in a hospital , the general knowledge is not sufficient .
This implies that at least for responsible professions it is absolutely necessary to specialize in one specific subject .

In addition , human beings are a very diverse species .
Not everybody has the same competencies .
This means that people should be able to specialize in the areas they are interested in and in which they are able to compete .
For example a professional pianist might be very dissatisfied , if he had to go to classes of economics instead of being able to go to more music lessons .

To sum up , there are points in favor of having a broad knowlege in many academic subjects and points that argue in the opposite direction .
In my opinion , a compromise should be found : During the first year at an academic institution the students should be able to gain a broad knowledge of many different fields of study but they should then be allowed to specialize in any area they want to , as Nobdoy should be forced to study a subject they are not interested in .
When people imagine about young people 's lives , they think active and joyful lives , so I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people usually tend to try something new .
In other words , they feel excited about an event that they have never experienced before no matter how hard it is .
However , majority of older people do not want to try something fresh because they already feel comfortable with their ordinary life .
Even though they are bored with their circumstances , they normally do not have desire for more interesting life .
Last christmas , I met my grandmother .
When I suggested going on a trip to wherever she wants to go , she seemed she was not enthusiastic about the plan , obviously contrary to me , so I asked her the reason for her feeling .
Then , she said that she felt exhausted enough and all she wanted to stay at home rather than travel .
At that moment , I could realize all the seniors like my grandmother desire more comfort and rest .

The other reason is that young people are provided much more experiences from the society .
For example , when teenagers graduate from their high schools , they eventually enter the university .
And , in the university , there are plenty of clubs that they can get involved .
Thus , through variety of clubs they experience , they can find their intersts and feel pleased .
Older people , on the other hand , do not receive many opportunities from their circumstances because they usually stay at home or go only several places where they use to go daily .
Although these places can provide them convenience , they cannot give them a chance to try various kind of activities .
Therefore , the older people undergo much less experience than young people .

As a result , the young people enjoy life more than older people do because young people try to find something new and they experience variety of opportunities more than older people do .
The demand for cars is rapidly increasing .
But in twenty year time , I think there will be fewer cars in use than today .
I agree with the idea that the car number will increase in twenty years , and hasve some reasons for agreing .

First , the fossil oil based energy sources are dicreasing .
It is getting expensive and unefficent to use those resources for the energy supply of transportation .
Electricity , nuclear energy sources , solar energy and even hydrogen is in consideration for replacing the fossil oil usage .
There is also another reason for this replacement which is the air polution that is caused by the fossil oil usage .
In order to reduce the polution governments are limiting the gasoline types and quality used in cars .
That also rises the price .

Not only the fossil oil reserves but also the iron , steel and other metal reserves are forcing us to use our resources more carefuly and more logical for our future .
We should understand that these natural resources are limited .

Considering the population growth , and the sizes the big city 's reach , it is possible to understand the need of a special way of transportation : public transport .
The trafic jams , the time consume rides are causing caos , trafic accidents , polution in the citys .
Because of these results of personal transportation solutions , annual expenditure of the economies are increasing constantly .
This is not a weight every economy could handle .

I think the public transportain , especially the rail usage has to increase to handle these problems .
Fossil oil energy sources could be used more efficiently and harmless in different areas of the industry .
More enviorement friendly and economic solutions has to be found and used for transportatin problems .

The car companies are working on the alternative energy usage for the future to substain their companies .
Some big companies buy the other companies to reduce the competition and some others have merged .
This could be analyze to understand the sector 's future characteristics .
I think the shrinking market conditions force car companies to fight harder to survive .

With all these signs , I think in twenty years there will be less cars in use than today .
Students around the world have different methods of learning , it highly depends on the subject in hand .
Some subjects depend more on learning facts , other subjects are more towards understanding the ideas .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , and I think that this statement should be applied to all subjects .

As a start , by understanding the ideas and concepts , students will end up understanding the subject in hand , not just learning it by heart .
Understanding the ideas and concepts will make it much easier for them to learn the details by heart .
For instance , in Biology , if you understand the exact route of blood from the heart to the organs , you will find it easier to later on learn the names of the organs that the blood passes through .
Moreover , some subjects such as Mathematics , need clear understanding of the concepts so that you could apply them to the questions .
After understanding the concepts , you can learn the rules , and then apply them .
In addition , it is more easy to forget a subject that you simply learnt , but not quiet understood .
In my junior high school years , my worst subject ever was History .
I used to learn the facts , write them up in the final exam , leave the exam room already forgetting everything I had just wrote down .
That is because I never bothered actually understanding the course .
Thus by understanding a course , you can remember it for a long time , and apply it in another courses afterwards .
Finally , you can understand more about a course by reading more knowledge than required about it .
It might not be in the syllabus of the course , but it will help the student to expand his mind more and learn more than required about it , this would make the course seem more interesting .

To sum up , by understanding the ideas and concepts rather than simply learning facts , it would be easier to learn and apply , it would be more interesting and you 'll end up remembering the course for a long time .
Therefore , I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Yes I do agree to the statement hat young peopleenjoy life more than older people do .
This is because of the fact that age withers body and an ageing person is laden with more number of problems than a person in his youth .
A younger person has less responsibilities comparitively .
Younger people tend to enjoy the technology and the happenings in the world around them more than the older people .
This is because of the problem that older people find it more difficult to adapt themselves to the changes around the world compared to a younger person .

Family problems and crisis add to the woes of older people .
The fear of being rejected by their children is always on the back of their mind and the tensions that the age brings with it seems to make older people more and more devoid of entertainment and enjoyment .

Health problems in the older age are the primary causes for older people to enjoy less than the younger ones .
With the increasing pollution and the rapid growth of diseases and the appearance of newer diseases day by day , older people are devoid of their joy .
A stamina and the resistance power of an older person is comparitively less than a younger person .
The older person is more vulnerable than a younger chap .

The pleasure that youngsters derive in spending their time with friends and frolicking is immense which is not so in case of the older people .
There may be some cases wherein even the older people might meet their friends and have some fun time but in practical sense and especially in the present day scenario , how far is that possible and how many such older people are really enjoying their life ?

Thus the health problems and being more and more burdened with problems with increasing age , older people find it more difficult to enjoy than younger people .
The Number of Cars in 20 Years

Cars have been one of the most impressive invents of last centuries .
However , in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Declining oil reserves and oil prices and the increasing level of traffic in the cities will decrease the amount of cars in use .
People will use public transportation instead of their cars .

Oil prices have increased dramatically since the invent of cars and other vehicles using it .
The amount of oil in the world is limited but on the other side the need for oil is increasing .
Although the new explorations of oil fields can contribute to get additional reserves , the need for oil is increasing more rapidly than the explorations .
With the increasing cost of drilling oil by these exploration the price of oil get higher day by day .
The cost of driving a car is really becoming a big burden for family and country budgets .

By the increasing number of cars , the traffic in the cities becomes untolerable , people start to complain frequently about the the traffic jam they are experiencing .
You are buying cars and spending huge amount of money , but all you experience is getting tired in traffic .

Public transportation is improving .
The comfortable subways and nicely organized services will persuade the car owners to get rid of their cars .
They will save money and avoid driving in traffic jam .

People will leave their cars and the number of cars in use will decline in twenty years .
Considering the oil reserves and oil prices and the crowded traffic , they will substitute to public transportation for the sake of saving money and not affecting by the traffic .
Since a long time at universities and elsewhere a discussion is going on on how the education of people should be organized .
There are basically two different ways which have an important effect on the quality of people 's later way of working : You can build your education on a very wide basis and try to collect knowledge of as many academic subjects as possible .
Or you can do it the other way round : You can specialize on one specific subject and try to get as good as possible in it .

At first we 'll have a look at the method to try to gain a broad knowledge of a variety of academic subjects .
With this strategy you are able to see how things are connected to each other , in which way they work together or influence each other .
This later makes it unlikely to you to produce products that work fine in one special way but do not fit the needs of a large number of customers .
When developing products you will have an eye on each group of customers , on the companies aims , on the nature , and so on .

However , a big problem of the previous mentioned strategy is the following : If you are good at practically everything you can not do very well at anything .
So , in fact , you have to gain a specialized knowledge of the topic that is most interesting to you .
In this way you should be able to achieve very good or even outstanding results .
This can bring you , your company , or sometimes even humanity one step further .

In my opinion the best solution lies in the middle of those extremes .
Specialization is good because you can not perform very well if you do not have in depth knowledge .
On the other hand , if you just have knowlege on one specific topic , you can not see in what way your decisions influence other areas .
So you should specialize on one subject and try to get basic knowledge on other topics , at least on topics related to your subject .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This a commonly held view , but not necessarily a correct one .
Throughout the years , there has been an immense gap created between the young and the old ; emphasized by literature and the media .
However it has not been an accurate representation of life itself .
Even though it is true that younger individuals do hold substantial differences when compared to older ones , different is not a synonym of better or worse .
That is why youngsters do not enjoy life more than older people do , as they simply hold different interests , values , and priorities .

One of the factors that diferentiates the different generations the most is interests .
Younger people tend to be more interested in the new trends , and even follow the current styles in regards to fashion , music , and entertainment .
Older individuals on the other hand , tend to hold on the past , and to be more interested in trends of their younger years .
This difference , however , does not mean that younger individuals can enjoy life to a greater extent , it simply means that some areas , such as personal interests tend to vary with the pass of time .

Another factor that marks a difference between younger and older people , are values .
Younger people seem to live in the moment , and sometimes even avoid the future .
Their values have a tendency to be similar to those of the people of thier generation ; things such as friends , or an education .
However , older people seem to plan ahead much more , and tend to hold the values and morals of thier earlier years .
Values start to modify with th pass of time , and start to modernize .
That is why older people hold more conservative values in comparison to the younger generations .
However , enjoying life has nothing to do with morals , but rather on an individual 's personal level , and that is why it does not mean that older people are lacking a love for life .

Finally , th last factor that differentiates the younger from the older are priorities .
Older people have many more responsabilities , since they have to take care of entire families , and even provide a stable income .
Younger people on the other hand have other priorities , such as completing a proper education , and planning ahead for their future .
It is clear that both parties have apparent differences , mainly because of the coming of age , however it does not mean that younger people enjoy life to a greater extent .

Every individual is different , and they each have thier ways of viewing life .
Most older people tend to have similar outlooks , as younger people do as well .
However , this does not mean that one knows how to enjoy life better than the other , or that one has the right recipe to happiness .
They are merely apparent differences that highlight the diversity that the world possessess .
Because enjoying life varies from person to person , and what might be the correct manner in which to seize life for one individual , might not necessarily work for the next .
A broad knowledge of many academic subjects is surely useful and to a certain point also necessary .
However , I do not think it is better than a specialization to a certain field .
I think a mixture of both points is the best way .
In other words , a trade-off between broad and specialized knowledge is necessary nowadays .

The basis of a broad knowledge is already made in school .
All the children become the same eduction and have to pass the same test .
By doing so , the students are prepared for different future scenarios in life and they also become an overall picture about the world .
For example , the students at school do not only learn maths and language , but also biology , chemistry , histroy etc ..
Thus they get a good understanding about the relations in their environment .
Consequently , a broad knowledge is very important and also necessary .

On the other hand , the information input increases with the age .
Hence , after a certain stage in life a human being is not able to gain all available information .
Additionally , each job requires specialized knowledge .
Consequently , a person has to choose which information is more important and useful for his future life .
For example , after school a student has to decided what he want to do with his life and he has to answer several questions .
What kind of job I want to do ?
What are my main interest ?

To sum up , I think that it is import to have both , broad and specialized knowledge .
The broad one to get a overall picture of the world and to understand its important relations .
The specialized knowledge is necessary and not less important .
The statement , that advertisments tend to be too euphoric regarding the products value or effectivness , is an ofter heard observation from people consuming todays massmedia .
The reason for a company to spend money on an advertisment is to make the product known to the public and to compete with their competitors on the market .
If the advertisment is made for a new and innovative product , it is more likely a realistic view of the products abilities , than it is in case the product has to compete in a dense market of similar products .
In the later case the consumer is alredy affected by the advertisments of other companys or even own experiences and therefore less likely convinced by a new product .
Depending on the market situation the product is facing , the advertisment has to be choosen by the advertiser .
The statement , I am referring to , should be made more specific , as a general view on advertisments is not possible in my oppinion .

Another reason why advertisments can seem to be much to confident in a products value but actually are not , is the setting or story told in the advertisment .
A vacuumcleaner in front of a beautiful landscape is somthing different from the same vacuumcleaner in a wardrobe .
The product is the same only the viewers connection to the advertised product varies .
Sometimes it is the consumers imagination that lends him to the conclusion that advertisments are promoting a unrealistic picture of a product and not the advertisment itself .

In the case of products intended to be used by a very young usergroup ( kids or teens ) the advertisments are more likly to present a better picture of the advertised product that reality would allow them to .
The young consumers are more easily affected by such campaigns than older consumers , who tend to be more carefull when relaying on advertisments .

The general understanding that advertisments ca n't tell the truth is wrong in my view , though the technique to present a product in a better light as it really is , is definetly in every advertisers toolbox .
Avertisement is a topic involved with marketing , and marketing is about creating long term relationship with customers .
Before focusing in advertisements , a company has to create a marketing plan of how to reach the target market .
If the marketing plan of a company is effective , the need for advertisement is not as big as the need of a company that has a bad marketing plan .
Why do I involve marketing with the purpose of advertisement ?
Well , because a problem is only solved when the roots of the problems are known .

When a company has a good marketing plan , that company will not have trouble reaching their target market and obtaining profits .
Starbucks is a great example .
This company developed an excellent marketing plan according to their values and their objectives .
Starbucks has reached all their objectives and without the need to use advertisement .
They do not need to tell the people how good their product is because the people already know it .
This example leads me to explain if I agree with the statement that `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''

I do agree with the statement because advertisements will be used only if the product or service needs it .
A commercial for example will make products and services look better than they really are because that product or service needs the consumer 's attention .
Of course I only agree with the statement because at the beginning of it , it says `` most '' .
If the statement would not have that word , I would not agree at all .
The reason I would disagree is because there are companies like MacDonalds that do not need the advertisements to sell their products , but they use them because the competition is huge , and they need their consumers to confirm why they are the best .

Advertisements are only use to catch the consumers attention , but it does not mean that the product or service will be exactly as is shown .
A person will only let himself believe everything he sees and hears if that person does not know why the advertisement exists in the first place .
Companies would do anything that is necessary in order to sell their product or service .
In a few words , most companies would do anything to be successful and make profits .
Staying young is one of developped countries inhabitants 's greatest concerns nowadays as the others still have to face survival issues such as starvation , ability to cope with natural catastrophes ...
Indeed , people nowadays often seem ready to do almost anything to preserve their youth .
Why that ?

I disagree with that common thought in developped countries which is , ageing brings with it sadness and boredom , and makes enjoying life hardly possible .
I think is is a cultural question .
Indeed , being african ; yself , I can affirm that in Africa , it is the contrary .
Only older people can really enjoy life as they have had time to figure out the meaning of life and they have been able to fulfill their destiny .
They have acquired that wiseness totally inaccessible to young because of the latest ones ' inexperience .
I think the difference of opinin between what I will called the Occidental culture and the African one stems from the fact that these cultures do n't have the same definition of enjoying life .
I would say that the Occidental view of enjoying life is much more hedonistic , epicurian whereas the African one is more ascetic .

Actually , in the developing countries ' minds , someone who enjoys life is someone who has the ability of undergoing thrilling experiences , such a person goes out a lot , has a lot of friends , is able to stay on dancefloors until the sunrise .
That is not my conception of enjoying life .
My view concurs with the African way of thinking .
It is not possible to enjoy life if you do n't even know the meaning of it .
And in my opinion , young people do n't know it .
They interes themselves a lot in superficial things and are unable before a certain time to be able to understand the true meaning of life .
How can I claim that I enjoy life while I do n't even know what makes it so important ?
And I suppose the answer to that question can only be given after having experienced a lot of ordeals .

I find it quite funny the fact that the conceptions of life between the two cultures are so unlike .
In my mind , the occidental one is rather superficial and shallow .
It may be due to the fact that Africans ca n't allow themselves to be superficial .
Seeing all that misery surrounding them , how could they ?
It may also come from the fact , Africa is a relatively quite young continent , in which ancesters ' culture is still deeply rooted .
I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
In my opinion , traveling alone or in an autonomous small group offers more depth and freedom to a trip .
However , traveling with a group and guide also has certain aspects that may appeal to people with different tastes .

Traveling alone or in a small group often means a less rigid and more flexible travel plan .
You are only limited by when the plane/boat/bus arrives or leaves .
Everything else , from where to stay , where to dine , or what sites to visit , can be arranged on the fly or changed on a whim .
For example , a trip to Europe originally meant to see the great castles of the middle ages can easily be changed to an exciting adventure focusing on the modern night clubs of Paris .
In most tour groups , the whole trip is planned out in advance , the hotels booked , the tours arranged .
In my opinion , this lack of freedom means that you are n't able to pursue what interests you most about the place you are traveling in , and instead must conform to what the tour guide chooses as `` worth seeing '' or `` interesting '' .

Another benefit of independent traveling is the possibility of more depth to the whole experience .
As mentioned before , most tour groups have to follow a rigid schedule .
Take the Europe trip for example again ; if you were to come across a beautiful , intricate little chapel in the castle you are visiting , you could stay there for the rest of the day if you wished to , taking in the beauty of the place at leisure .
On the other hand , if you were in a tour group , the only way to appreciate that beautiful chapel would probably be to sacrifice a restroom break in the hopes of snapping a few extra pictures .
Another example would be visiting a museum , if you are going with a guide and group , the experience will be limited to what the guide can show you , often no more than a rushed glance of the most famous works , and then it 's off to the next piece .
However , visiting a museum alone means that you are able to appreciate all the artwork that interests you , without the pressure to leave in time for dinner .

However , it must also be acknowledged that traveling in a group with a guide can have several advantages as well .
Most importantly is that the tour guide is often someone familiar with the local language and customs , which can make arrangements of dining and lodging easier .
Most tour group agencies also have deals with the local hotels and retaurants , which in turn means cheaper deals or better quality accomodations .
For someone who travels to relax , eat good food , and stay at five star hotels , it would be better to go with a group .

In conclusion , I think the best way to travel is not in a group led by a guide , but rather alone or with a small group .
This is because that I treasure freedom and the potential for a deeper experience more than the conveniences of traveling with a group .
Touring should be done with a touring guide .
Primarily a tour guide is necessary to cover all the places planned ; to keep the time always in tact as it is a most vital factor in all the tours ; communciation skills ; general knowledge about the places of our visit etc .

First and foremostly the coverage of all places can only be achieved if guided appropriately .
Tours are not planned frequently and if given an option the option should be utilized to the fullest extent .
Basic idea of any tour itenary will have the places of visit .
Coverage of all the planned places is very necessary for it to become a very sucessful one .
Without appropriate guide the coverage cannot be achieved or in better words it is difficult to achieve .
Tour guide will know the operational hours of any place .
Consider you liked to visit a park , a boat house - everything has operational hours and knowing all the operational hours is very difficult .
Though the information can be gathered prior to the tour , all the information thus gathered may not be very true .
There might be false informations if the information was obtained from the internet media or a old paper clipping .
A tour guide will obviously know about the operational hours , best time to visit and cost of the visit .

Second important factor is the place of stay .
Choosing an accomodation is the most important aspect of any tour .
Accomodation should be cost effective , near to the places in the itenary and the environment should be very good .
Choosing an accomodation all by ourselves without a guide may seem plausible but there is no gurantee that the place selected would have all the qualities as enumerated above .

The next factor would be communciation skill .
Consider you are touring on a place where they speak a foreign language which you have n't come across .
Language plays a major role while going to new places as without that it would be an unseeming task of covering all the places in the itenary and reaching the destination in time .
Speaking about the time - time is a very important factor .
Even if the tour was planned with buffer times it might not be possible to reach a place due to various practical reasons .
Tour guide will solve all those problems .

Climate and other conditional factors to your favorite destination is important .
We may have decided on places based on various sources .
May be from our friends , our relatives and from the great Internet and other media .
All the information may not be correct about the climate .
Say you are going for a fall drive .
You will know the place is better in fall .
Without any guidance the exact practical scenario cannot be predicted .
It has really happened to me .
I was once on a trip to `` Vermont '' for the fall scenic drive .
Though i knew the colour of trees would be awesome pretty less i knew about the time at which the leaves will shed .
Hence always in any tour a touring guide is mandatory .
Assistance always make things easier .
It will not be a bad idea to grab an option if it is available .

I would like to state a personal experience wherein we planned for a big trip to a hill station without a tour guide .
There were fifty peple in number and we planned to visit number of places .
Because of the lack of a tour guide we managed to visit only fewer places and that too we could n't spend much time in all places .
As there were even girls in the trip we chose a better accomodation on the first day and second day we settled with a mean place .
First day stay was very expensive as it was too luxurious to stay and second day stay was so mean that people could even barely sleep .
Next most worrying and disgusting thing was we could n't get food as we thought .
People like various kinds of food and it was a hard time to satisfy all the people .

Thus for any tour a touring guide is mandatory .
Tour guide as described about will have a vast knowledge of the places we visit and he/she would make the best out of our plan .
To really see the value our money tour should be enjoyed with a tour guide .
Is it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects ?
Or is it better to specialize in one specific subject ?
Tricky questions .
I would have to say that it depends , they both have their cons and pros .
For example , when you 're in high school , which is my case , you definitely should have knowledge of all the academic subjects that you need in order to graduate and pass on to your next step in life , which is college .
But once you get to college , for example , why would you need to know advanced math when you do n't want to study anything related to it ?
You would just be wasting your time and money .

Right now , I 'm required to know , at least a little , about everything , from ancient history to the meaning of the mathematical term pi .
But sometimes I find myself asking : will I ever use this again in my life ?
Why should I learn all these things if I do n't want to study anything related to it ?
But then there are some other times when , for example , my younger sister comes to me with a school problem and I can help her because I 've learned those things before .

Sometimes we can be very lazy and only learn what is presented to us at the moment .
But then there are the times when we want to know everything .
Like for example , when we are kids , that everything our mothers do we question them why .
Why this and why that , and there never seems to be an answer to all of a our questions .

Going back to the questions , a pro of knowing about different subjects is that you actually know about pretty much anything .
This makes it easier to have a conversation with another person and even to get a boyfriend .
A con is that maybe you 've spend way too much time doing your research and when you realize it a part of your life has gone by .
A pro of specializing in only one specific subjetc is that you can be better at what you do .
A con is that you wo n't have so many things to talk about with someone outside of what you do .

To summarize this entire thing , I definetely think that everyone should have knowledge of basic information and subjects and even read the newspaper , at least once in a while , and be educated , but have more knowledge on your field of study and that way you can be the best professional that you can be .
The following statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject. '' is a faulse statement lacking evidence to support such an argument .
The passage below will demonstrate , through three examples , how the above statement is inaccurate .

Firstly , if the population of the world continued to educate their children , or adults in many subjects then the world will have too many people that know a little bit about everything and none that know accuratley and condensly about specific subjects .
If we take the case of Jordan or Saudi Arabia , we find that the education system has proved to be less successful than that in the west , namely the A level , or IGCSE system .
Studies have shown that students tend to do badley when the education system includes many subjects .
The English system for example , has proved quite successul .
We find that students tend to choose subjects of interest , and tend to focus quite well and progress flourishingly at university since they focus all their efforts at subjects of interest and tend to excell .
It has also been proven that if a student enjoys a subject such as Math they tend to do considerably well , and may never excell in subjects they dislike due to the left part of their brain working better .
Studies have shown that the human brain is split into to categories , the more creative side , and the more mathematical side .
It is upto the subjects to excell those parts of the brain more considerably .

Secondly , if indeed we broaden the knowledge of students into many subjects , we will find a lack in quality in nearly everything .
If we take the following examples , we find that in disciplines such as Architecture , Urbanism , or even Medicine ; a need for an accumulative time frame where constant knowledge is used to develop in such subjects .
If an Architect , did not spend an approximation of ten years learning and mastering the topic , then the work will be far less than perfect .
Ofcorse , it is always useful for one to learn more about other subjects generally , however it is important to relate them back to one discipline to actively excell in a particular topic .

Thirdly , we find that at Postgraduate level , the reason the world is moving forward and excelling in terms of technology , science , and what have you , is due to researching specific topics at a higher level .
A PHD professor spends all his time focussing , and detailing a single topic for 3 to 11 years , and that is when the subject moves beyond it traditional scope .
We also find that respectable institutions have continuously been re-inventing new topics of education such as Human resourse education , and emotional intelligence .
If we strived to learn all topics in their totality , then we would lack sufficient resources to keep expanding and creating new forms of education .

In conclusion , we find that one needs to focus and free himself of external factors in order to succeed in life .
As illustrated above the definition of success is the amount of knowledge one has gained in a particular topic to the degree where he has created and invented a new form of language to offer back to the world .
If we all attempt to learn about many topics in general , then we will loose the devoted time to excell in just one .
As mentioned , and supported in the examples above , the art to mastering a topic is to devote much time to perfecting the information up to the final elements .
As the saying goes : `` God is in the detail '' .
Cars in the modern world are one of the most essential objects in life .
Cars have given many benefits to the humanity , by allowing people to travel to places they would want to go in a very short time , or carrying heavy loads that cannot be carried by humans .
However , in twenty years , cars will not be as used as it is now , and its number will surely decline , due to the decreasing number of population , increasing pollution problems , and development of a new transport .

In many advanced countries where cars are everyday life for people , the population is surely decreasing .
For example , In Korea , there were baby booms after the war in 1950 .
Many families consisted of more than five children .
The families these days , however , tend to have only one child , maybe two at the maximum .
There will surely be a population decrease in twenty years time , automatically resulting in a decrease of car usage as well .

Cars , although very beneficial to people , did not prove beneficial to the environment .
The gases from the exhaust ports of the cars cause great damage to the environment .
Furthermore , the accumulation of this gas in the atmosphere is also harmful to people , especially to the elderly and the weak .
There has already been talks of reducing this car gas by reducing the number of cars and using public transport instead .
In twenty years time , this issue will be even worse , and the usage of cars will eventually decrease .

Lastly , in twenty years time , there will be a new transport that will provide better services to human life than cars will .
In twenty years time , people could be attending work via a flying machine .
Or even use a small watercraft .
Cars will eventually fail to these other superior devices , and give way to some other wonderful transports .

Cars have been in extensive use ever since it was made about a hundred years ago by Ford .
But since the technology continues to improve , cars will eventually give way to other wonderful inventions , just like the horses gave way to cars .
In twenty years , cars will stilll be in use , but surely as not as much as it is now .
I disagree with the statement .
I believe the best way to travel is to guide or plan a trip by oneself .
In this way , a person can see what she wants to see and spend as much time as she wants at a place where she wants to be .
In addition , she can learn a culture of a country where he or she is visiting .

The problem associated with a planned tour by a travel agency is that a traveler cannot stay a place where she is visiting for as much as she wants because the travel is already scheduled and the tour has to move on on time .
Hence , she has less time to see or stay at a place where she is visiting .
In my opinion , this is negative because I do not like to feel being restricted by time .

Another problem with a travel company 's planned tour is that a traveler will not be able to get to interact with people living in a country where she is visiting .
Interacting with local people in the country is the best way to learn its culture .
If she was in a group led by a tour guide and have a question about the country , she would not ask local people walking on a street but rather she would ask it to the tour guide who comes from her country .
However , if she was not in the tour group and had a question about the country , she would have to ask to local people .
I believe interacting with local people is a great way to learn a country 's culture because by watching how they react to a traveler and she can learn some aspects of the culture .

In conclusion , it is better to plan a trip by oneself rather than following a planned trip offered by a travel agency .
Some might argue that the planned trip by the travel company would be better because travelers do not have to worry about where to eat and how to get to a place and so on .
They are correct in that traveling in a country by oneself where local people do not speak a traveler 's language is hard and creates a problem with food and so on .
On the other hand , I believe that it is a part of traveling a foreign country .
If there was not such a part in a travel , it would be the same as staying in your country .
Struggling with getting food and getting to a place would give a traveler a good experience on how to function in a different culture and how to adopt it .
Overall , I believe that traveling in a foreign country by oneself will give h an experience that he can use for later in his life .
No matter where you go , what you do or what your educational background might be , you will be confronted with advertisements every single day .
You see them in newspapers , magazines on television , even at bus stations .
Thats why it is no wonder that companies spend thousands of dollars for the marketing of their products .
In my opinion it is true that that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Because most companies spend a significant amount of money to advertise their products , they obviously want as many peolpe as possible to buy their product .
In order to do that , they must make their product sound as good as possible , probably even better than the products of their competitors .
To be able to do that companies need to make sure that all the emphasis is on the positive features their product obtains .
And therefore also try to hide all the imperfections a product might have .

If you take a look at just the advertisements in a magazine , you can already tell if it is a magazine that is suppose to be read by females or males .
If you think about a very well known magazine for women like InStyle , you find one ad for lipstick after the next .
Every single one of them tells you how uniqe the lipstick is and what great features it has , but none of them points out any negative things like if they are produced in a 3rd world country or if any animals were used for the testings of it .

Companies need to make sure that their product stands out and that people feel they desperately need it in order to get people to buy their product in particular and not a similar one of another brand .
Companies try to give the reader of a magazine the feeling that they are only young and hip and fit in with everyone else if they own their product .

That is why in my opinion products often seem so much better when they are advertised than they really are .
Not only because companies put the emphasis on the positive things but because they try to hide the things that would make their product much more difficult to sell .
I agree with the statement that `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
The twenty first century is accompanied with a lot of growth and development in science .
Globalisation has led to a lot of countries coming to our country and trading here .
This is generally seen to leave an impact on people .
The cultural values are slowly fading away from our society .
Young people are given the responsibility to help their community move ahead and have a strong stand in the society .
Unfortunately , the younger generation has failed to divide their time and use it to the fullest .

The cultures are changing at a very high pace .
It is seen that the young people want to take an easier path and go with the flashy stuff .
Little do they realise that by doing this they will eventually let their community to fade away in the longer span of life .
They are so impressed by other lifestyles and communities that they forget their responsibility .

People are migrating to different countries .
Most of the countries have formed a group of a certain community people .
But , it is seen that there are very few who work whole-heartedly for their communities .
Others , usually either do n't have time or are reluctant to help .

It is also seen that the younger generation lack the sense of responsibility .
They have taken it rather too lightly .
They will have time to go to a party with friends or go to a holiday with the family but find it too difficult to take out time for community development .

Helping out their community is rather a kind of formality for them .
They might pay the yearly allowances but never care to go and check if its actually being used to the fullest .
Even if they make it a point to attend to it at certain intervals and make some improvement , it would make a lot of improvement .

What is required is their full support and their ideas to help it flourish .
They should realise that it is a kind of an investment .
This will never go waste .
The more they will help , the more the next generation is going to benefit from it .
This should give it importance because if not looked upon now , the values will become extinct sometime .
No-one will care for their origin .
It will come as a setback later .
The hardwork of our ancestors should not go waste .
I think that having a board knowledge of many academic subjects is not what our era necessitates .
In our times , it seems to be more important , and more awaited to be a real expert on one specific subject .
This thought of mine has many reasonings behind it .

First of all , I do n't think that a broad knowledge on many subjects could be useful , as long as with such a knowledge one cannot be really comfortable with all of those subjects , on which he claims to have a knowledge , and with knowing a little from everything , it is really easy to get confused when you study , or prepare a project .
Actually , that is why teamwork is important in business life .
Since a project cannot be prepared by one person , it is distributed among a group according to the specializations of members of that group .
Thus specialization is favoured in industry .

Secondly , I do not think that such a broad knowledge is needed in industry , though specialization in one field is necessary to have a succesful career .
Since at our level of technology everything is hidden in details , and thoughts that make differences are at minor scale , one should be able to observe the subject , and problem that he is working on with all aspects .
According to my opinion , an understanding that through , and detailed is only possible with high level of specialisation .

Thirdly , a broad acedemic knowledge means that person works on very many , and irrelevant topics .
Yes , with such a working style you are working on a wide range of subjects , and you are continuously changing your study topic , and you know some of everything , and you seem to be successful with a lot of work fields you have , but you lack one , and a very important thing : Experience .
Experince is , maybe , the most wanted speciality of a person , that is to be in high levels of his career .
It had become to this that , experience is the key to a succesful business life .
And i do not think that a broad academic knowledge distracts one 's focus , thus gaining experience is harder with that kind of knowledge , than the case with a specialisation field .
What is going to happen twenty years later , cannot be predicted accurately by anyone .
The use of cars will decline or increase depends a lot on the success of the contemporay researchers success , who are curently working diligently on finding an alternate renewable and cheap source of energy , which may help power the engines of the future automobiles .

If we do not find a replacement for gasoline as a fuel for driving the cars engines , this exhaustable fuel source will some day deplete .
In the situation of reducing supply of the fuel for the car , the prices of the oil will increase , making it less afordable .
The car companies may initially decrease the prices of their automobiles to lure the customers harrowed by the increasing oil prices .
This price decrease may not last long , since the car companies will realise later that it is more sensible to sell high priced cars to a few people and gain a higher profit by working less , rather than making more cars to gain the same or may be even lower profits .
Hence the number of cars on road may decrease .

Furthermore as the world economies grow more , the governments of the world would try to improve the public transport systems , and recomend to their citizens to favour it over the use of private vehichles .
The litreacy rate is also bound to increase with time .
Hence the literate and more sensible citizens would readily take the advise of the governments and start favouring public transport .
This would again decrease the number of cars .

If a new renewable and cheap fuel source is invented , initially the automobile industry may suffer due to the technological changes that it may have to adopt but , eventually this may bring about a boom in the automobile industry .
People would be interested in trying the new technology , and hence try to adopt it .
Cheap and non poluting fuel may make people want to own their own private vehicles .
The government will try to subsidise this new fuel to wean off its citizens from the use of gasoline .
Such moves will make people want more cars and hence the numbers of the cars on road may increase .
The growing population of the world is producing more consumers , hence the number of cars in the given circumstances are bound to increase .

Hence in conclusion I would like to say that the question of weather of not the number of cars in the future is goin to decline cannot be answered instantly .
It depends on the developments in science in the near future .
I absolutely disagree with the given example .
Older people enjoy life the same or more as young people do .
This is due to the fact , that young people live life according to their expected future , creating this way a false sense of eternity .
Therefore , young people are unable to experience the marvellous mysteries and beauties of daily life .

On the other hand , it is well known , that older people live life more intensive .
Older people are capable of experiencing every second of their existence , because they are aware of their mortal destiny .

Life is based on experiences , life is what we create on a daily basis , but life has an ending .
Life is uncertain , but death is certain .
Everyday responsibilities have made young people , as myself , unaware of the reality of our existince , of the real meaning of life .
Life should not be just about completing assignments and working for a company , life should be something deeper .
But it is well known , that our industrialized society has made out of us working machines , and taken away our freedom to live life accordingly to our decisions .

As one grows , one is taught to be a person who dedicates most of its life to the well-being of the society in which one 's live .
Before , for example in my country , reaching 65 years , one is obliged to work , and one will be able to live only after turning this age .

This is an important reason , that explains why most of the young people are uncapable of enjoying life , the way they should , and why older people are capable to .
It is a pity , that most of the people in our society will start to live life just after having dedicated their entire life to society .
It is during this stage of life , when older people realize that their life is mortal .
It is during this revelation , that people start enjoying life more .
Every second is precious , and every second could be the last .

It is this fact of life that make older people enjoy life more than young people do .
Young people , the new generation will enjoy life setting their goals and acheiving them .
It is the way one loves to set the rules of his game and cruising ahead in accomplishing them in the near future .
Young people have the energy and passion to do anything what they want .
they are provided with lot of useful technology now a days which is used in accomplishing their goals and desires .

Young people have the extra edge to travel the extra mile .
I would love to give the best example regarding this aspect .
The two young computer geniuses Sergey Brin and Larry Page who have found `` Google '' which revolutionised the information super highway called the internet .
It is Google that has become synonymous for the world .
It is web based search tool for every individual around the worls to gather the required information .
It is a best example showing how they transformed their college project to a world recognising internet tool which is highly in demand .

These people have revelled in their success and boast of a unique lifestyle unlike the old corporates of the American Business fraternity .
It is the best example I stated because Iam working on the same domain they have invented .
Iam proud to be working on their domain as an young accomplishing dreamer to reach my goals .
Now they are enjoying their lives with true pleasure and satisfaction as they acheived their goals and working on future developments .
They are great because they are helping the youbg people to get their dream jobs .
this shows that they are enloying their lives by providing lot of information from around the world in front of us with in a fraction of second .

coming to the end i would like to state that young people enjoy their life by adopting new things and challenges and acheive all their dreams in no time .
So young people are enjoying better over older people who tend to be orthodox in their living .
Young people can define enjoy with great attitude .
Young people keep enjoying their life by doin such great things .
When you try to guess how many cars will be used in the future , you have to pay attention to several facts .
Some may imply that there will be even more cars but in my opinion there are far mor reasons that their will be nearly no cars at all on our streets anymore .

The first and most important reason why I am thinking this way is fact of rising gas prices .
No one believes that the rising of gas prices will stop .
No , it is a fact that they will raise even faster .
And who of the ordinardy people can easily pay the gas station bill nowadays ?
This will become more and more difficult .
So in my opinion , only a few people will be able to afford having a car .

Another reason why I am the opinion there will be fewer cars is that the public traffic institutions will improve there services and so the possibility of using them will look far more attractive then it does now .
The price you will have to pay when using a train or bus will decrease when more people need to use them , e.g. as a result of raising gas prices .
And this will lead more people to use public traffic vehicles again .
The second improvement of which I am sure to come is that the net structure will become better day by day .
This will also be a result of increasing interesst in them .

Another fact is , that according to my own experience , you can use the time in a far more efficent way when you are travelling by bus or train .
The time you spend with driving can be used to work .
Let 's assume you have to travel half an hour each day to arrive at the place you work .
If you could invest this time in preparing you work , you could take a free afternoon avery two weeks .

And I am sure more and more people will see these advantages and there will be fewer cars .
We are living in a material world in wich technological advance , social status and political development are leading young people to become more egocentric and less able to find joyce or satisfaction in life .
More young people than elderly people become less intersted on enjoying the beauty of living and the emotion in simple things .

New generations are more concentrated on getting a social statuss based on academical and professional success , and financial adquisition that prove to others how independent and successful they are .
Media and culture set up social values such as beauty and popularity , that for many young people become an obssesion and most important goal in life .

It is not a wonder that public nacional parks , and family entretaiment centers are more visited by elderly people , who always seem to be more happy and peaceful by just having a walk in the mittel of the forest , by watching a sunrise or just by going in the nature many of them find the most quiet and interesting point in their lifes when they have acomplished most of their professional and educational goals in life , so that they can spend more time at home with their families and friends , so that the can enjoy life .

Young people 's standards and goals to acomplish are becoming more coplex and hard by each generation , so that many of them become depresed or descoraged very easy .
For the new generation it is becoming less interesting and motivating things that their grand parents used to do when they were young .
Perhaps many young people may find the happines that they are looking for by learning from those that have more experience in life than our selves .
Most of the time , young people may have the opportunity to expercience things that do not use to do in their busy lifes finding the beuty and joy of living and being a human been with feelings and emotions .
I disagree with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities . ''
I believe that there are a lot of young people right now , that contribute to the benefits of our society and/or communities .

In the course of the last fifty years , young people have gained a lot of independence from their families and from their communities .
We have more freedom , of course within the bounds of our parents rules .
But with independece comes responsiblity and I firmly believe that young people take this responsibilty not as a burden , but as a chance .

In Germany there are several volunteer based organisations , only led by some staff members , but made effective by their large volunteer basis .
Church - , as well as Non-Profit - and Government-Organisations .

In these organisations most of the volunteers are young people .
They can contribute the time and are willing to contribute the effort to improve something in their community .
Because of my experience as a volunteer in the AFS ( American Field Service , the world-leader in student exchange ) and another Church-Organisation I take the freedom to discuss the motivation of young people to engage in these activities .

It is a plattform to communicate and connect with other young people , while improving your own `` soft-skills '' and helping a worthy project .
That seems like a very good oportunity .
Young people know that they are helping , but in my opinion there is no reason not to have fun while doing it .

The discussed statement implies an older speaker , a grown-up , who believes that in his time , young people were doing more for their communities , that he in his youth was doing more , than young people do today .

Maybe the kind of work changed over the course of years as well .
Today these volunteer organisations make food ralleys , fundraise money doing car-washing or make benefit tombolas , while in the past , `` helping your community '' was maybe more like collecting trash from the community garden .

Helping your community has become more attractive over the course of time for young people and there are a lot of young people doing this kind of work , but maybe the areas of this work have changed so that for a outside viewer it looks like less is done .
Marketing has evolved throughtout time and has become more complex as time pases .
What used to be very simple , like introducing a new product to a market , has become a real challenge .
Now a days there are so much markets that are compiting between them , that the product that has the best marketing strategy is the one with the biggest revenues .

The best way to obtain attention from the clients , is showing them a product that covers all their needs , products that can do everything at the same time .
That is why most products seem much better than they really are , because there is no such product that can cover all , and even most , of the needs or wants of the posible buyer .

In television most products that are being advertised , really does not work .
That is why they tell you `` if you call within the next 2 minutes you will get a bonus pack '' , this way they get the attention of the person , by making them think they are getting not only the fabulous product , but also the amazing bonus pack , distracting them from the real product .

Another way of getting the attention of posible buyers is buy selling them lies .
Advertisements tell you all the things that the product can do , but really most of the time it just works partially , or not at all .

At the end , most people are really unsatisfied with the product they have bought , and end up buying the one which they really needed , and not the one that is giving you lots of promotions , that at the end does not satisfies the custumer .
It is really important to show what you are really selling , that way costumers will be satisfied with what they are buying , and they will continue to buy the best brand .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to unterstand ideas and concepts rather than just learning facts .
I believe this , because students will gain a higher level of education that they need in their jobs and they will also have a higher motivation to learn .

The first point is that I think students should understand academic models , ideas and concepts in order gain a higher educational level .
When understanding a theoretical model , a student will be able to apply it to the real world even if the real world does not exactly match the theory and its assumptions and implications .
For example , when just memorizing and recalling facts , a student might not be able to make a proper decision in the real world because some assumption or conditions have changed since the facts were learned .
This way , a student will not be able to customize his decision to the new situation when using her knowledge .
So , a student who understands the theory and get react to new developments can achieve by far more in her job , which is ulitmately the goal of education , namely to prepare for the work

Another good reason for understanding ideas and concepts is that students will most likely have a higher motivation to learn and therefore learn more .
In contrast to memorize facts and recalling them , understanding an idea is less boring than a process of memorizing , which is repeated over and over again .
When I was in school I did not like to just learn facts , and propably everybody else I knew did not like it , we all learned far more things when understanding a theory , which supports my point here .

To sum up , it is far more important to understand the ideas and concepts of the matieral that should be leard , rather than just facts .
The reasons are the higher level of education with a significantly higher chance to suceed in work and the better motivation of students which will yield to more knowledge .
At first glance , we could easily think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
However , I disagree with this statement .

There is no denying that young people seem to be much more dynamic , excited and ambitious than older people .
As far as I am concerned , I have the feeling to do many more things than my parents do .
I study sciences , I practice different sports , I play saxophone and I go out with my friends every week-end .
By contrast , my parents are less active and prefer watching TV .
In addition , I will not reveal the number of old peolple that told me that I was lucky to be young as if they were suffering from their life .
Hence , young people give the impression to be really excited by life whereas older people seems to be less enthusiastic .

However , beyond these appearances , I feel that young people do not enjoy life more than older people do .
First and foremost , young people are not as happy as others could think .
Especially in France , the youth face lots of social and economic problems that affect happiness .
For example , last year , thousands of French students demonstrated in the streets to blame the government for not taking seriously into account the dramatic unemployment for young people .
Lots of them cannot find a job even if they have a good degree and thus they do not succeed in making an adequate living to provide their future families .
Moreover , it is frightening to see how great the number of young people who killed themselves is .
These example provide the evidence that young people are not as happy as others might think .

Lastly , we should not forget how happy lots of old people .
Being parents or grand parents might be one of the most important thing in a human life .
Being successful in life is something that we all desire , unluckily only a few ones will manage to get it .
Personally , I think that success depends on many things and not only on taking risks because if you want to be the number one on something , you need to be born with certain skills , give the best of you and to make an important sacrifice .

Some people may agree in saying that being succesful means to break the rules , However you can not break any rule if you do not know how rules work first .
I mean , if you want to be the best at playing soccer , you need to know that there are certain rules that you are suppose to follow , like team work , solidarity , understanding your mates etc .

in this case , to think that you will become the best football player in the world by doing whatever you want and not paying any attention at all to any recomendation is absolutely nonsense .
Obviously , when you behave like this , you are taking a risk , but that risk is ridiculous and naive .

I wholeheartedly believe that if you ever dream of being a successfull man , sometimes you will have to take a risky step , but that step can not be taken without having the previous knowledge about something or withouth being fully aware of the consequences .

The fact that we live in a society that everyday demands more and more , makes us think that if we do not gain sucess we are nothing .
Nevertheless , success is not a matter of being the best at something , but being the best in all these small things that we do in our everyday life .

To conclude , if you want to be successful take risk , but do not let this risk destroy your whole life .
I would rather agree with that statement .
At the beginning I better define what I mean by saying `` young people '' and `` old people '' .
Young people are in the age of 15 to 30 and old people could be considered as older than 50 years .
Of course there is a gab in between , but like in most discussions there is not only a black and white scheme , but also a `` grey '' in between .

Well , first of all , in my perception young people are simply more active than older people .
This is truly a obvious argument , but why is that ?
Young people are more curious and less experienced .
Because of this they feel more demand to go out , discover , making new experiences .
They are still more in a process of personal development than older people are .
Speed is a signifacant reference for that .
An example - young people fell in love more often and probably have more relationships than people have in older days .
They discover much more streams of the `` Zeitgeist '' , which means they develop new forms of expression like new music styles , fashion , computer gaming and new kinds of behaviour like flashmobbing or exchange via internet .
Despite the fact that young people have less money to spend than older people , they are trying out new ways of travelling and doing party .
Older people are in general less open to new developments .
They are often not able to keep up with all new streams and developments in society .
They are embedded in their normal day situation which often only consists of business and family .
Their social activities and sport activies more or less follow the same patterns .

Of course it is possible to older people to enjoy their lifes too , but they often wait too long until starting with that .
In their older days they are often handicaped and unable to to what they always wanted to to , to go out and feel young again .
This might be quite frustrating .

To sum up I would clearly argue that young people are doing much more activity than older people .
and they are less defined by their jobs , a family , a duty or handicaped by their physical abilities .
I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

There are at least three reasons that can help support this point of view .

First of all , young people receive enjoyement not only from the experiences they actually live but also from the hopes and dreams they can build .
Young people have a lot more to live yet so that they can indulge themselves in fancying every kind of future : this helps them being optimistic and enjoy life in a more positive way .
Older people on the other hand have already shaped their lifes : they presumably have a job and a daily family routine from which it is usually difficult to escape .
An adult cannot change his life or begin from scratch , so that they cannot enjoy dreaming of a different life .

Secondly , young people perceive every experience they live as new and fresh : this helps them live life with more excitement .
Since they have not seen a lot in life , young people live feelings and emotions ( and every kind of experience ) with a sense of excitement coming from the discovery of something new : every sentimental relationship seems to them as the first , every music or movie or book seems something never seen or heard or read before by any human beeing .
Growing up and becoming older , people seem to perceive life more as a routine : in the eyes of the older ones , anything seems to be someway already known or seen or lived .

The last reason , is that young people have more time to enjoy leisure activities .
Since they are mostly student , they do n't have to fulfill a lot of the obligations that having a job implies : hence , they have a lot more spare time , that they can use in every kind of recreational activity ( like spend time with friends , practice sports , play music ) .
Even if they have a job , they usually do n't have to take care of a family : also for this reason they have a better chance to spend time in a more entertaining way .

Older people , on the other hand , have to comply with tasks that both having a job and running a family need : considering all the time spent on the job place or dedicated to family , there is not much time left to be used for individual entertainment .

In the end , my opinion is that younger people have a more reasons than older people to enjoy their lifes : they can dream of their future lifes , they live their actual life as something new and fresh and , finally , they have more time to dedicate to more enjoyable activities
I agree with the statement `` It is more important for atudents to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' Here are a few ponits to impress upon this statement .
First , understanding the concept of a particular idea in a subject provides the student with a not only with clear and strong foundation in that particular subject matter but also enhances and expands their creative aptitude .

For example understanding the concept of the physical formula v = u + at ( where v = final velocity ; u = initial velocity ; a = acceleratoin and t = time ) allows the student to apply the formula to numerous problems in linear motion .
As such , the knowledge gained will allow the student to tackle the problem , however varied its presentation may be .

Secondly , in the feild of medicine , understanding the concept of the cell cycle and mechanisms of tumor spread allows doctors to apprppriately plan the best mode of treatment that they can give to their patients afflicted with cancer , such as radiotherapy , or cell-cycle specific/non-specific chemotherapy .

Also understanding of the concept is important in that knowing the concepts will in itself obviate the need to remember certain hard facts and figures .
For example , the value of `` Pi '' can be easily derived in problems ifd we remember that it is only the circumference of a circle divided by its diameter , rather than remembering all the digits .

To conclude , though facts are important in many ways such as historical dates and events , ( in such circumstances , they are unavoidable ) they are more cumbersome and less useful in lerning especially in the sciences .
Allowing the student to try and understand concepts and ideas will only help him expand his intellectual horizon and creativity as
It is quite possible that the number of cars in use will reduce in twenty years because of various factors .
Firstly , if the public transport facilities keep on improving in all countries , as it seemingly is , there are chances that people will rely on them to a greater extent than on cars .
Already , in many parts of the world which have a high quality public transport system , people going to far off places for jobs take their cars only to the nearest parking place from where an efficient commuting source is available .
No wonder if the transport system keeps on getting better and better , they wo n't even need to drive to the parking place in a car either .
Another factor that can cause a reduction in the number of cars is the cost of fuel that cars depend on .
The cost of fuels is increasing all the time at such a high rate that sooner than later , only few people would be able to afford a car .
Added to this the possibility that the source of petrolium may die altogether in twenty years as has been predicted by various scientists .
However , this point is itself challenged by the fact that other new sources of power ( for example fuel cells ) might develop in twenty years that would replace fossil fuels as the most significant source of energy .
Another factor that could account for the reduction in the number of cars is the population increase .
The human population in twenty years would increase to such numbers that it will no longer be possible to drive a car through most places as they would be overcrowded by pedestrians .
There might not remain enough space for public parking as residetial buildings are going to occupy most of the available space .
The condition of the atmosphere would have worsened by air polution by then and various governments would have to impose a restriction on the maximum number of cars their country can afford to accommodate .
While on the brighter side of it , we can expect that in another twenty years , people are going to become sensible and mature enough to avoid using cars and depend more on walking and public transport in order to improve their healths and save the environment from various forms of pollution .
Change is an integral of life .
Things keep changing around us almost all the time on itself .
But at times it becomes neccessary for a person to induce a change .
A thing which is absolutely new and could be dangerous .
What is the fun in leading a life when there is no challenge to be faced no risk to overcome ?
I completely agree that new things should be incorporated and risk taken rather than dwelling on the things that a person is adept at .

Firstly , it makes the person all the more competitive which is very essential to survive in this earth .
If he does the same thing that he is adroit at , may be he is right on his part .
But actually he is missing on the myriad opportunities that a new issue can provide him with . '
Survival of the fittest ' a pithy that is so true .
If the person has to survive he should do new things and take a few risks in order to achieve the zenith .

Further , by trying new ventures the person has the opportunity to recognise his other skills which were untouched for so long .
To become successful it is very essential to recognise personal strengths and vulnerabilities .
This is the stepping stone for success .
May be they founder intially but at the end the hard and smart work gets him across the hurdle .

Moreover , by trying hand at different things a person gains a lot of experience and this can be utilised in his present or future ventures .
Life becomes very monotonous if just one task is repeated all through the life .
By trying new things a person can actually make his life more colourful and intresting .
By continuing the same task it is just like a frog whose world ends at the limit of his pond .
But successful people look globally .

A successful person never falters to accept a challenge and this is the hallmark of successful people .
By hitting at something new it is indeed a challenge which the person through his diligent work , overcomes .

To conclude i must say that a risk is there in every action of the entire mankind .
It is this strength to counteract this risk and emerge truimphant that makes a man successful .
We all know the common advertisements in the media .
No matter if they appear in television , in magazines or in the radio .
Do hamburgers really look so much bigger and so much more delicious in the TV ?
In my opinion , they definately do .

In the different marketing lessons I took part in , I 've learned that this effect is a widespread marketing tool to sell more products and according to this a bigger profit .
The marketing bureaus of big companies are working hand in hand with designers to make their product looking the best it is able to .

Let us have a little review about the example with the burgers .
In the advertisements the burgers and french fries look so incredibly delicious that you might have a bite directly from your TV .
Furthermore they even seem to be very huge .
But when you step in an fast food restaurant you will face the truth .
The burgers taste awful and in addition to that you will , still hungry , leave the restaurant unsatisfied .

There are plenty more examples than only the look of a product .
For instance , most people think that the cars of Daimler Chrysler settle the leadership in safety .
By using the only good results out of some safety tests , Daimlers marketing bureau implements the reliability of their cars .
But the real leader , when it comes to safety , is Toyota .
So , when the first problems with your air-bags occure , you might recognize the truth .

The quality of some clothes gives us another example .
Regarding the very popular clothes company H & M , you know what their type of advertising is !
In their ads they tell you that you get their clothes which so trendy and fashionable for an extremely low price .
But you might get to know why this piece of fashion is so cheap when you put it the first time out of your washing machine .
The colours have been bleached and they wo n't fit anymore .

To sum up , I really have the opinion that the most advertisements make the products seem much better than they really are .
In this essay I shall argument whether succesfull people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
Looking at myself I would prefer a mixture of what I know and have experienced in the past as well as new and risky moves in order to be successful .

At the one side I support the idea of trying out new things , daring the new and wanting to experience the unknown .
It may led to unconventional and brilliant solutions .
People that are already successful or wanting to reach that state have to go unknown paths more that others in order to maintain a successful and professional status .
In my point of view this might explain all the wonderful and sometimes awkward technologies that were invented in the past .
If Mr. Bill Gates would have never ever dared to dream of the opportunities a computuer would open for mankind , who knows where we would be now ?

On the other side who tells a person whether a new way and risk will led to the goal one is hoping for ?
What if a plan comes out as a draw back and the solution is far off of what was hoped for .
Being not familiar with a situation or not knowing how a thing will turn out , needless to say that great dangers could be involved , might awake precaution .

Of what I experienced in the past I can state that I was mostly off best when I looked back on what I experienced so far and listened to advices I got from dear people .
Starting off from there I was still able to include some new and unconvetional methods in order to reach my goal .
Still I think that things a person can rely on are the best basis to get other things started .

To make a long story short a combination of new and old would be my best bet for a successful way of working and living .
And who knows - there might be something new to discover with that as well .
I cannot deny the fact that some advertisements make products seems much better that they really are .
For example , since online shopping is getting more and more common , sometimes I have to buy things only judging from the information provided by the advertisement , and I received a completely different thing from what I expected from the advertisement .
However , consumers are getting smarter , too .
There are many advertisements that shows the real information by various methods .

There are various types of methods used for advertisement that provide real information .
For example , the company provide samples of the products to allow consumers to experience them .
With this method of advertisement , the consumers acutually use the products by themselves , and they can make a decision to buy it or not .
It is a good example to allow the consumers to get the real impression of the products .

Another example is that some advertisements provide statistical information .
The advertiser conducts a marketing research of their own products to show the users ' impressions or customer satisfaction .
In this way , the consumers can get the reliable information of what the users actually thought of the products .

Finally , there are many advertisements that a sales representative actually demonstrate how to use the product .
The consumers can ask questions about the product at the site , and the sales person answers information of what the customers really need with showing the products .
Since the customers are actually looking at the product , it is possible for the consumers to get real information .

As a result , customers know that advertisements have a tendency to promote only their good sides , and companies know that it is not enough only to provide good images .
There are many methods of advertisement that allows consumers to obtain useful information that represents the actual products .
In my opinion , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than just specializing in one specific subject provides many advantages .

Transfering the knowledge of one academic subject to another can often simplify life .
Good knowledges of mathematics , for example , help in various other academic subjects like Business , Econonimics , Physics , etc .
Other than that , being well educated in many subjects means that you do not rely on other people as much .
You have the knowledge ( `` power '' ) to decide by yourself what is right or wrong ( at least in your opinion )

Having a broad knowledge in many subjects also keeps you away from being a coach potatoe .
If you show your interest in many areas you will see that there are connections that might be exciting .
Then you want to learn more about it , you would to understand how things are working .
Your brain keeps being used .
In this way you are not just satisfied by knowing that your good at one topic and just leave the other topics unregarded behind .
Look at senior citizens .
Many older people that are still interested in many topics also show good physically health .

Our society is changing from a industrial oriented to a more service oriented one .
This implies changes in the job sector .
Jobs in the past will not be needed to be done in the future .
But - going with this - new jobs will be created in fields that we ca n't think of at the moment .

If you just have knowledge in one specific subject rather than in several ones it might get really difficult for you to find a good , satisfying job .
Companies are looking for people that show a big interest in a variety of topics .
They believe that a broad knowledge helps new employees to easily adapt to their new task at the company .
Often , scientist are hired in the business world because they are believed to think in a more logical , structed way .

All in all , specializing in one topic is not completely wrong .
But having a broad knowledge in many academic subjects truly enriches and simplifies life .
Some people agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
However , I disagree with the statement for the following reasons .

Most importantly , ideas and concepts are tools for people to make facts clear and simple .
In other words , ideas and concepts are not necessary if there is no facts related to the concepts .
For example , unversity students in a department of counseling should learn a lot of concepts and ideas for the treatment .
Specifically , there is one important concept , which is the reciprocate theory of self-disclosure .
That is , people are likely to disclose themselves , when others disclose themselves to the people .
This is a conceptual theory .
However , though a lot of practice sessions the students conduct , they gradually know that there are many cases where the concept can not be applicable .
In other words , even if the counselor discloses herr/himself , the client will not share her/himself .
At that time , students should learn that there are many exceptions which concepts and ideas can not apply to .
As shown above , students need to learn facts first and they also should know ideas and concepts are tools which help themselves to see the facts clearlly and simply .

Additionally , facts are more persuasive to students regarding to learning .
As I mentioned above , students study many concepts and ideas for the counseling , such as person-centered method and cognitive method .
However , sometimes , these concepts do not help students understand what counseling is because of the abstractness .
Then , knowing and learning facts help them understand important things more convincingly .
For example , the students sometimes visit clients homes and have an interviews with the clients .
At that time , students may see the facts .
That is , they will find that the main cause of the depression comes from the terrible family relationship or the main cause comes from their past experience they want to forget .
These facts which the students will find will be more persuasive to students and the students will be able to know and feel what the counseling is , what the counseling can do for them , and how the counseling works .
In other words , facts a more persuasive to students regarding to their leaning .

In conclusion , some people agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
However , I disagree with the statement for these reasons .
In olden days we use to hear people saying `` Jack of all and Master of none '' .
Well , it means that the particular person is skilled enough to perform many tasks but not in depth .
These people can find jobs , works in many different places earlier but not today .
Yes , today we belong to the world of Specialization .

By specialization we mean that the person is not master of all but Jack of one thing in particular .
These principles apply to our daily schedules , programmes and studies even .
Like around us we can observe the height of miniaturization being achieved by companies , scientists etc .
These can only be achieved if the person has a thorough knowledge about a particular subject , regarding its principles , designs oriented its pros and cons and many other things .
As a result it takes people to study further go for Masters , we can see people pursuing their Ph .
D 's in a particular topic which an undergraduate student would have read under a chapter .
So knowledge in depth about the particular topic or a subject can result in many interesting conclusions and its amazing results can benefit people later on .
Though it requires a lot of hardwork to have knowledge in depth but on the other hand it can help the world with new discoveries and inventions .

But along with the specialization one needs to take care regarding the fattigue which results to an individual practising the same instrument for many years .
As a result along with specialization person should involve in various other activities too so that his interest in a particular application is maintained .
Since its the world of specialization so we need to be specialized in a particular task and help this world with its demanding needs .
And along with it we need to take care of our interests , refresh ourselves well within time and work more enthusiastically in future .
Understanding is an important aspect of the student education nowadays .
It is very important to understand ideas and concepts that should help the students to be aware on its subject .

In some areas in the world and at a certain level of the education , student learn facts and do not try to understand the topic .
This has a great consequences on the ability of students to express themsleves on any topic .
Understanding concepts and ideas help students to implement the ideas and concepts they understood by trying to make realistic as possible .
In the same way , students ability to to think is reinforced and their critical point of view would arise .
For instance , when we explain a concept to a student and then we ask him to use that concept in his real life experience , he would be able to do it perfectly and at the moment we are sure that he understood instead of just learning the fact given by a teacher in class .

Furthermore , a student who understands ideas and concepts should be able to give his own point of view in different manners .

Based on my own experience I encooutered some students that learn facts and are not able when you ask them thinking question related on that topic to answer correctly .
One day I helped a student to learn his biology lesson on root systems , they learned that are two types of root systems .
I asked him to give me the difference between those types and I was amazed because he was not able to do that , but when I asked him to give me the two different types he started to give me all the writings of his notebook ; this means that the student did not try to understand but only learning .

In conclusion , based on my explanation and support above mentioned , I agree with the statement that It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
What is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject ?
In my point of view this is a very controversial topic and I will explain you why .

On the one hand you can say , that a broad knowledge is very important and it is good to understand many things and If you know a lot you will be able to learn new things faster .

But on the other hand there are many disadvantages .
Fist , it takes a lot of time to get a broad knowledge .
For example you have to study longer and so you have less time to earn money later .

Second , you only take an overview of the topics , but you do not receive a deep understanding of them .
That is not a problem for easy discussions , but it is very depriving for really big problems like in scientific understanding .

Moreover , companies want to employ specialist , because they are often confronted with very difficult tasks , which can only solved by an expert .
So in a society , where knowledge is becoming more and more important we need people who are the best in their subject and not people , who only know a little bit about everything .

In addition to that you are unique when you are an specialist .
So you are better than the rest and therefore you are in a very comfortable postition .
For instance if you apply for job , you will have no problem to get it , because there are not very many other applicants , who are so fit as you .
As a result you get the job and you can earn a high salary and live a pretty good life .

To sum it up there are more andvantages than downsides to specialize in one specific subject .
Deeper understanding of the subject and work are only two points , which show you that specialist do better than people , who have a broad knowledge .
In this era of modernisation , where man has reached space , developed nuclear arms and made other tremendous progress , the time is more in favour of a specialist .
Though a general knowledge about basic subjects is essential the indepth knowledge of specific subject is mostly required .

The curriculum of a school is so devised as to teach the growing child the basic subjects like english , science , mathematics , social studies , moral education and so on .
As the child grows a stage comes when he has to choose the subject he would like to specialize .
In college the students are required to opt for a subject as their major area of study .
He has to choose his career .
Nobody would disagree that there is not much of use of literature and economics if a person wishes to be a doctor or other science major .
Similarly the persons opting for business need not care about studying biology .

Being a medical graduate I understand that today the world is in favour of specialist .
A person if he has contracted a disease goes first to his general practitioner who tries to manage the case but if the case is not recovering with his treatment he refers it to a specialist .
Thus the specialist looks into the problem and treats effectively .
The specialist sometimes may face problem as he has to deal with a case who has disease in many organ systems thus he has to take the help of other specialists .

The need of broad knowledge about many subjects may help in securin good positions in quiz , exams .
There are some jobs , that require knowledge in many subject , like teaching school children , taking care of librariesetc .
But on the whole most of the jobs require the knowledge of a specific subject .

In conclusion I believe that it is better to have indepth knowledge of a specific subject than broader about many subject as one should not be `` jack of all trades but master of none '' .
In general I agree with the statement .
I only agree in general because I think one has to take lots of things into consideration .
It is is true that especially nowadays young people do not help communities a lot . ''
Helping the community '' is a very broad term , when I read this I understand contributing or becoming actively involved in a community .

Especially in these days it seems to me that people in general , young people included , expect more from a society and community than what they are willing to give .
There are certainly various projects and possibilities to become involved .
However , especially in the last years the development of media , video games and goods of consumption in general desensitized a lot of people , especially the young generation .

This leads to unawarenes of problems that might exist , or even when recognized to an unwillingnes to act .
Also I think one has to consider the social backgrounds and sorroundings of young people .
If a young person grows up in a society where nobody cares about contributing to society and their community , how is he or she supposed to learn that it is necessary to be involved in the community ?

On the other hand , it is common sense to become active .
It is a taking and giving , if the giving aspect does not work properly , the community will not be able to uphold the services it offers .

Especially young people are not aware of this process .
Therefore , I do agree with the statement .
However , instead of blaming the young generation , something has to be done so that young people get encouraged to be a part of a community and get active .
The University usually teaches the students to work hard .
To read the appropriate books , to listen carefully , to make notes and finally to recollect the learned information in an exam or paper .
But are the needed information only learned by conscious or are they understood and still available in our minds after the test ?

If a course consists only of learning facts and figures , then for sure the students will forget pretty soon what it was about .
But if they need to understand ideas and concepts they will be kept in mind once they 've been learned .

Despite the importance of understanding the information and concepts , in many courses it is still necessary to learn figures and facts to get a background knowledge about the topic .
As long as the balance between learning and understanding is kept , there is no problem with it .
But if the learning overwhelmes , the student might get bored of the stuff and demotivated .
The risk of giving up is high then .

Moreover it is very important that a student can realize how to use the learned concepts in praxis .
That point also stands for understanding ideas .
But if the idea or concept is very complex and the student did n't get it right , he might stay behind and ca n't follow the course any longer .
Especially if the following builds on the known concept .

In my opinion it is indeed more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts , because things I 've once understood I would n't forget again .
Moreover it gives me the feeling of success if I understand the way it works .
For sure I also have to learn theoretical facts for my study but I think it 's more important if I can use the facts I 've learned as a base for going further in understanding a concept .

To sum up I would say that a combination of both , the understanding and the learning process is optimal for a successful study .
This statement is true and false .
First of all , when there is a lot of people traveling toguether it may be better to travel with a tour guide , because is difficult for many pepple traveling toguether to maintain an order , and they can get lost , or they may disagree of certain places to go .
Traveling with a group can result in many problems and a lot of difficulties during the travel , so the best way to manage that is by having a tour guide .

I think in my personal opinion that the best way is to travel alone .
The person traveling alone can collect information from internet , magazines or books , and go to that strange country by her | himself , and do the best he | she can to visit the best and most wonderfull places in that country and experience for her | himself .

Its true that the tour guide is more experienced in visiting the place you dont know , but people learn better when they have to figure out things by themselfs .
For example , when you go to a museum , before you go , if you are alone , you need to investigate about it , and learn about it and things of that nature , so you can confirm that this museum is a good place for you to visit .
In the contrary , when someone is in a group led by a tour guide , there are a lot of distractions , because of the quantity of people in the group , and is more difficult to pay attention or to look at pictures for example in a museum , when there is a lot of people following a tour guide .

Another important thing is that when you are in a group led by a tour guide , you have to follow that group where they go , instead of going where you wish to go , and where your feelings take you .
For me being in a vacation is doing whatever you want and whenever you want to do it , so being with a tour guide is like being in a school trip , and you cant do what you wish to do .

Tour guides are perfect for school trips or things of that nature , because kids need to follow someone .
Acutally , the people getting much older than at older times .
That is a result of the development of better drugs .
But in additon to getting more older the old people have a better life than the younger generation .
In my opinion they can enjoy life more than young people can do , because of some basically reasons .

First older people do not have to go to work .
They had worked for an average of 35 years and so they are getting pension .
They have more free time that mean all the time they have in leisure .
They can sleep 10 hours a day .
I think that can not do the younger generation .
For example my grandmother sleep 11 hours a day .
So she is fit and do not feel tired .
Younger people are often feel tired because they can not sleep so much time because they have to go to where they work .

Another reason is that older people have more money than the younger have .
The older generation had saved money in the time they had worked .
The young people had not saved so much money .

The older generation can buy a lots of things .
All time of the day they can do a shopping - tour because they have enough money .

In addition to this the older people can fly everywhere they want for holiday .
They are very flexible .
In contrast to this I do not think that the younger generation is so flexibil in time .
Another example is that older people have more social contact .
They can meet each other for breakfast , for a cup of coffee or something else .
Younger people have the problem of the flexibility because if they have free time their friends might not have free-time .

As a result of some basically reasons , more free-time , more flexibility and more money I think that older people have more fun their life than the younger people .
I would have to say that the best way to travel is not in a group led by a tour guide but with more immediate friends and contacts .
Although , if one was planning a trip to go to a foreign country that is famous for it 's sites , it would n't be a bad idea .
Traveling with people most likely from the same country with a guide that speaks your native language would perhaps provide a comfort and ease away the shyness some tend to have when leaving their comfort zone .
But I do n't think that would be enough .

My purpose to travel would be able to experience and understand the different and not just to be able to say `` I 've been there . ''
If you only wanted to learn about a certain place , you could just buy a book or even go online and use the internet as a source to see pictures and obtain information .
You 'll be able to know how big it is , why it 's called that and everything a tour guide could tell you just by reading .
And I 'd have to say blatantly that that would seem a little boring , listening to a lecture on vacation .

Another , culture is a very important element .
With a tour guide , they 'd be able to introduce you to important restaurants and stores marketed for tourists that sell souvenirs .
With a little bit of research you could enjoy and plan all this yourself .

So , I would prefer traveling with friends and/or family .
If not , then alone .
Hopefully then , I will be able to make new friends there and also have the opportunity to hear the story from them , which is an experience that would be difficult to achieve in a pre-designed course .
I am in complete agreement with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Although there are , of course , exceptions to this situation as with all other aspects of life , it appears quite clear to me that in general , youngsters these days simply do not have the time nor the interest to engage in community work .

Youngsters these days may not be required to plough the fields and run the family business as in olden days , but that does not necessarily translate into a sudden increase of free time .
As technology advances , youngsters suddenly find themselves in an increasingly competitive world , where every skill , every achievement is of the utmost importance .
Suddenly going to school is not enough ; students are pressured into scoring better than their peers , and this is achieved through sending youngsters to cram school .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now .
All these `` extra '' skills have become commonplace - even necessary to ensure that one will not `` lose out '' in the long run .
This is where all the `` free time '' has gone to - trying to survive .
There are no more weekends ; only endless `` optional '' classes to go to .
Is it a wonder that young people nowadays do not appear to have enough time to help their communities ?

Another reason is pure apathy .
Young people are generally more self-centered than adults .
This is probably because we are all , in general , pampered from the time we were born until well into our adolescence .
Hence , youngsters , yet to face the harsh realities of life , are inevitably more narcissistic and fail to see how the welfare of `` other people '' is of any concern to them .
To them `` the community '' is something adults should manage and worry about .
These youngsters may read about the ongoing problems of their community in the papers everyday and still regard it all as happening in an unrelated place far , far away .
Parents are partly to blame in this matter .
By pressuring their children to be an overachiever in school , they have failed to instil the right amount of compassion and empathy in them .
Instead , children are brought up looking at life in terms of rewards .
Get good grades at school and mommy or daddy will give them a shiny new bike .
So when it comes to helping their communities , it all invariably boils down to the question : `` What do I get out of helping my community ? ''
.

Schools and other educational institutionals are equally to blame for moulding children into apathetic youngsters .
In certain less developed countries , such as Malaysia , children are required to learn `` moral studies '' in class .
However , it seems highly puzzling that students do not go out on trips to clean up the streets or hold charity sales for a good cause .
Instead , they are required to memorize specific words or phrases in order to get good grades during their finals .
Moreover , the examples used in the textbook do not keep up with the times .
Most of these examples still speak of villagers and broken wooden houses , and thus fail to reflect the situation in urban modern life .
Is it any wonder that students feel alienated from these `` community work '' and end up not doing enough of it ?
It is important to do your job well .
However , most people can do this by working hard and doing their jobs on time so they become successful .
To create a differance from these people who are only working hard and wasting time by only obeying the comments of upper statues , what can you do ?
The thing that you can do , can be trying new things and taking risks .

First of all , trying new things shows the creavity .
That means you do not only taking the information , you also analyse it and try to give a new proposal or product .
It gives a different value to the job .
For instance , if there are two managers that one is only trys to keep the work contunious and the other one also doing his job well but he also wants to increase next year 's bugget by changing his work princible that may be increasing the money that spent for the researchs or entering an area that has not been exist yet .
Doing things that are different than what you do every day can increase your point .

Secondly , in order to be creative , you should take some risks .
The things that you do may cause a diseaster but they also give good results .
If you do not try , you can never answer this question .
Taking risks after analysing the situation do not seem horrible .
At the end , more success and money can be riched .
Therefore , when we compare the events , the results are like this : If you do not take any risk , you seem stationary that will be all right for someone .
However , if you take risk and get a good result , you show improvement
The issue of whether successful people try new things and take risks rather than the people who do only what they already know is interesting one .
In my opinion , the successful people should have challenging spirits .

First of all , the most succesfull people have been something of challengers to date .
For example , Soichiro Honda , who was a founder of a Japanese car maker called ` HONDA ' , was a typical challenger .
Before founding his company , he was a only owner of small cycleshop .
But , he had a great ambition and strongly desired to help the people who were at a loss in mobility .
Eventually , he invested the first motor cycle in Japan .
It was not only his challenge , he endevored many things after this and founded his company .
Nowadays , HONDA has successed his challenging spirits and tried many new things , such as making robot called ` Asimo ' , investing hydrogen electric motor car etc .

However , it is not necessarily that every challenging brings success every time .
For example , about 100 years ago , there is a trade company called ` Suzuki Shoten ' in Japan .
The people who worked for this company were full of challenging spirits .
But , unfortunately , their efforts went too far .
Their attitude which they tried something new and spend money on it lead this company to bankrupt .
This was an example that challenging has not only advantage but also disadvantage .

But , I can safely say that people never get the chance to be success if they only do what have been manualized and never want to take any risks because everybody can do the same things in the same way .
In other word , nobody can stand out from the crowd without new challengings which make person distinguished from others .

In conclusion , only the people who made a lot of efforts to challeng something new can abtain big succsess .
Different way thinking

Schools and universities have different ways in teaching their student .
We have thousands of schools all over the world , and they have different ways in teaching .

We have a problem which is that their are two ways inorder for a student to study .
Either he understands ideas and concepts or he just learn facts as it .
Learning facts is the study in which a student just learns the facts as it is without knowing the origin of it .
I think that this isnt a goodway .
long ago we have theories done by scientists from different countries .
Every scientist does hie experiment and comes out with a hypothesis and considers it a theory .
In our present life some people just learn these facts without understanding it .
We have many problems and wrong issues that people come out with and we cant just trust it and move according to it .
We should study the origin of these theories and try to prove it wrong .
According to us fact is something that is found as it is and we should all work with it .

On the otherhand , we have the way of understanding ideas which i think that it is much better than learning facts .
A student should not just know this or that idea , he must understand it well in order to use it .
For example in my native school which is said to be one of the best schools in LEBANON , follows the first way of teaching which is understanding ideas .
Understanding ideas is a way that helps the persons brain to be more opened and refreshes his mind .

According to my opinion , i think that we must understand ideas first in a good manner .
We should not learn facts as they are but try to understand from where did this fact come from and study it well .
To become a more experienced a erudite person , one would have to have broad knowledge of many academics rather than just one .
I strongly agree with the following statement : `` It s beter to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than t specialize in one specific subject '' .
For instance , a ballerina would be a more respectful and better artist if she only knew so much about physics .
Dancing has so much to do wth physics .
In order to be able to lift herself in the air and rotate her body at a certain speed she would need to have had taken courses in physics .
Being more knowledgeable in so many accademics would increase her chances of success .

I 'd have to say that a broader knowledge of many academics would be very similar to biology .
In order to understand the human body you need to learn more about all the organisms instead of just focusing on one , and how they are linked to each other , also how they would benefit the system .
That is why when one is studying biology in college , he or she would have to study for a certain amout of years about biology in general to find out how things link themselves and how they function all together .

If this statement were incorrect then why would schools offer a variety in courses ?
They might do so to prepare a student for life but in specializing in one specific subject they would have to be more ignorant of what is going on around him/her .

It is essential that many gain a broader knowledge of many academic subjects thant to specialize in one specific subject because that much variety would lead to a better understand in other subjects .
Everything is linked together in space and in our society .
If we were to specialize in one spefic domain we would have to leave out a great amount of interesting and intriguing information that would be very helpful in certan situations .

Considering the example of the ballerina .
If she were to walk on the streets alone and suddenly she just fell and injured herself .
And if no one were here to assist her then she would have to do it herself .
In order to do so she would have had taken classes in health care or any courses that are similar to biology .
If she does not cure her wounds then she would ruin her future .
Professional ballerinas are very concered about their health and their well being .

`` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one sepecific subject '' because of how the word is linked together .
They all the sensations are in the foot .
To heal a person one would have to press on a certain location on a foot to stop the pain .
Since the televison has come to exist in our society , our way of thinking and our needs are changing with it or at least the Tv make us believe that we need caertain things that we would never buy if we would n't be bombed wiyh it for thw hole day .

In the last years Tv developed very much and commercials are always more in our today life .
Most of Tv broadcasts rely on the money that are provided by the commeracials showed on their cahnnels .
Of course Companies of the products shown on tv need to make as much money as possible , and this is why they tend to make their products seem much better than they really are .

Advertisements are not only selling you a product .
They are selling you a product , a fantasy , and they are also sending you a message .
The primary goal of products companies is certainly to sell their products so they of course show you the utilty of the object in question , providing you the informations about it .

On tv the time is so short and limited that they can avoid to spend too much time to show you the quality of the product .
Consequently the quality really decraese also in the reality .
One of the parts that obviously the companies care about the most , is the fantsy that they are selling you , infact , in the world of today where most of things are fantasies , unreal , or abstract the TV ends to be our reality .
At least the one we believe to .

With their advertisements the compnaies that whenever you will be using that specific product the commerical will come to your mind and depicts the devices in a better way .
The third aspect imprtant in TV commercials is given by the fact that companies send you a message through their advertisement .
They tell you that if you use that specific kind of cell phone or you wear that particular kind of shirt you will be cooler , or more self confident or more relaxed .
They practically tell you the way you will feel using that product , and that of course affect people 's mind .

Nowadays televison certainly make products seem much better than they really are .
This is regulated by the law of the televison thatis basically that people like to be tricked and beshown unreal things
Success is another way of expressing an achievment and successful people are known by their achievments .
Nothing can be cosidered worth a success unless certain risk fator is involved in it .
Hence I agree that successful people are what they are because they have dared new things and have taken risks rather than doing things already known .
History of mankind is studded with unimaginable achievments to justify this aspect .

The most daring and risky act , according to me , is discovery of America .
Though the purpose was different , i.e. finding a new sea route to India , Columbus dared to dream of embariking on a journey which was considered impossible .
His success is not discovering America but to have dared to go on a journey to the unknown worlds through neverending oceans .
Had he tried to follow same routes to India , probably he would have become another rich business man but no the Columbus we admire .

Sometimes the risk taken by a successful person speaks more than his achievements .
In a survey conducted by a business school of Arizona in the late 90's it was observed that out of every ten businessmen eight had adopted newer methods and undertook risky tasks to reach the their position .
Many successful people belive that there is not much use `` inventing the wheel again '' when you have so much to do in the areas which are not yet ventured into .

I consider that when we do something it should involve some novality in it .
Because without any novality , what ever we do , it will not have life .
And one should always be prepared to take risks because as it is said `` when going gets tough the tough gets going '' .
And it is the tough which succeeds .
The Statement given is rather black and white .
I would although agree with the tendence , that successful people are able and have the courage to dare new things .
And obviously not daring anything new or unusal doesnt promise any success .

An ability which might lead to sucess is the wisdom to know in which situation it is needed to do what is familiar and when a new step can be dared .
I would say this is a possibility of using resources and energie effective .
Some time it might be wise to do things which are familiar to do and doesnt consume money or time for research .
But than it is nessesary to dare something new .
For instance for a company which produces products or servises , it can be advisable to lance a small range of products first , till they got a position in the market and a name among their costumers .
After that they have gained ressourses to do steps in new directions , generally spoken .

Taking risks needs a personality that dares to fail .
An experiment can go wrong and in that case a desicionmaker needs to carry the responsability for it .
I think the ability of taking risks is definitivly a positive and creative one and needed to reach goals and success .
It is a skill for leading positions .
But as I mentioned the more important skill is to be able to distinguish situations where its advisable to chose either the known or the new action .

Sucess altough could be understood differently .
Goals could be set differently .
In the case the goal is not an economic one , and for instance to gain experience , than is trying new things and experiments defenitly an advantege .
In my opinion neither young nor older people enjoy life more than the other , they enjoy it from different perspectives .

Older people enjoy life in a more relaxed perspective , they know what life can offer , they have made choices and they have dealt with the concecuences of their actions .
They can now enjoy their successes and have come to accept their errors .
Older people can enjoy the company of their families and they can observe their young grandchildren grow without having to worry as much for their future as they did with their own children when they were responsible for their successful education and upbringing .
Since they are aware that their time is limited they place more attention to those things that are most important or personally rewarding , which allows them to be more at peace with themselves and enjoy life without so much stress .

Young people enjoy life in a more passionate manner , they are starting their life and have a great number of opportunities in front of them .
They have the energy to engage in a large amount of activities and there is always excitement in doing something for the first time .
Young people know that they might make mistakes , but they are confident in having enough time in life to correct their errors or to change their behaviour , point of view or activities in order to have a better lifestyle .
When you have the energy of a young person and your future is still promising and unknown you are more willing to trying new things , experiencing life from different angles and this makes life more exciting and appealing .

Older people could benefit from the exciting approach to life that young people have in order to continue taking advantage of life , at the same time young people might imitate older people in order to mantain better human relationships with their friends and family .
Sometimes older people lack the energy and enthusiasm to undertake new adventures and their only experiences are those from their youth .
Young people often live life to quickly , without taking enough time to fully appreciate their experiences , which can lead to missing important moments in their life .
Young people might someties be more able to enjoy life than older people because young people have a very important thing in life that unfortunatly elder people do not have ; health .

Young people are normally more capable of doing activities or things to enjoy themselves more because they do not have to deal with as many problems as older people have to deal with .
The stress that older people have to deal with in their life might lead them not to enjoy life as much they want to .
My father once told me something I am never going to forget .
He said that when you are young you have the health and the time to enjoy life but you did not have the money to do so .
And that one had to work hard to earn money , which might cause us not to enjoy life as much .
Then when you are older , between forty and fifty , you had normally made more money , you were still healthy but you no longer had time to do anything to enjoy life as we are supposed to .
Later , when you are old , you had all the money you are going to have and you had all the time in the world , but you no longer had health to enjoy life and have fun .

To my opinion , one has to be able to find the perfect balance between when you are young , older and old .
One has to be able to achieve happiness when you are young by doing things that do not involve to much money .
Later , you have to make sure you are leaving enought time for things such as traveling and family to be able to appreciate life .
And when you are finally old and are normally no longer healthy , you have to be able to enjoy life with what you have left , such as family and friends .
I agree to the claim that it is indeed important for students to understand the basic ideas and fundamental concepts of any science rather than just learning the facts .

Observing the facts is just like a surfacial phenomenon .
Only , when we penetrate through the existing reality of the subject and understand its inmost charecteristics through analysis of observed ideas an concepts , then only we can correctly map them to the existing facts .

Understanding ideas and concepts is nothing but a sort of research .
Thus , we can redefine our knowledge on the subject and find out the innovations and possible ways to utilize it for our use .
If we just concentrate on facts , then sometimes we may just get carried away with our erroneous conclusions .
Only , through understanding its fundamental features we can analyse it 's basic nature and can put forth satisfying theory that works well with observed fact .

Mankind had progressed significantly most of the time through understanding the ideas and concepts relating to the subject rather than learning facts .
Ofcourse , facts too have their significance , but only analysis of the subject will make progress in that field .

For an example , lets take the field of VLSI ( Very Large Scale Intergrated Circuits ) .
Only through the understanding the concepts behind it made significant chnages in it field .
Onbody can really look into the Integrated Chip and learn how it works .
Only , through a thourough analysis of ideas and concepts we can actually fabricate a chip .
In this case we have no scope to observe the fact rather than understanding it .

The main reason for supporting to understanding the ideas and concepts is , then only the students will have complete idea about how the fact will actually take shape .
Then , they can plan for innovations and alterations in it .
Thats how the concept of research arises .
Only through research have progressed to this extent .
By understanding the basic concepts and learning , analysing facts will become automatic .
But , the converse is not true always .

The first one will prompt for further research while the later , just give a dry understanding .
The basic nature of a research is nothing but understanding and thouroughly analyse the ideas and concepts .
Which ultimately boosts the progress of that field .

Especially , when it comes to the students it is their responsiblity to understand what they study and if possible bring out the best innovations out of the existing ones .
Learning a fact is mere acquision of some knowledge regarding that which often have lesser importance when compared to understanding the concepts and analysing through ideas .

So , I conclude that it really important for the students to understand ideas and concepts reather than to learn the facts as it motivates them to for research and come out with excellent enhancements and new developments .
Ofcourse , learning fact is important , but it is of lesser importance when compared to understanding the ideas and concepts .
Learing is a complex process .
It includes understanding ideas , concepts , learing process , and getting the facts .
There are discussions about which is more important during the learing process .
I think it 's more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than just to know the facts .

As is known to all , during learning , we should not just care about the results , we should also care about the important ideas and concepts underlying the results .
We should make clear that we know how we can get the results , that 's how we can go through the understanding ideas , integrating concepts , and making derivarition to get the results .

Nowadays , because of the study competition , students care much about the grades they can get .
During study , sometimes , they just want to get the right answer without knowing why it comes to this not another .
Sometime , they even just memorize the results as to get the right marks in the test .
This is contradictory with the real goal of learing .
Facts are important , but the ideas and concepts we should learn through the process of getting facts are more important .
So the students should not just satisfied with the right facts , they had better pursue the right process through which we can get the right answer .

Learing prepare us the backgrounds , knowledge and technology for our future work .
This includes the ideas and concepts those are strongly confirmed .
The facts are just one kind of methods to help us understand ideas and conepts better .
The facts for different situations are different .
Even we know the right facts at this time , if we ca n't master the methods and technology gaining from the basic ideas and concepts which are used to get the facts , we wo n't get success in our future work .
In future practical conditions , everything is new , every problem is like a stranger to us .
We ca n't use the facts we memorized before to get the conclusion , we should try our best to use the ideas and concepts we have mastered to get the new conclusions .

In conclusion , I think it 's more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it 's for them to learn facts .
Lately there has been an ongoing debate over whether or not most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
Some people are of the opinion that ads represent a great opportunity for manipulation with regard to certain products while others contend that ads cannot change the nature of the products they are presenting and are therefore not manipulative .
A close examination of the issue reveals that the statement which asserts that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are is unsubstantiated .

A main reason why such a claim has its limits is the fact that the advertisement industry is regulated .
The state decides about what can and ca n't be said in ads by legislating about ads and competition .
That makes an advertisement susceptible to lawsuits : An angry consumer who thinks that a certain ad has mislead her can sue the advertising company .
Since advertising companies are aware of that , they will try not to make false claims about the products they advertise for .

Another reason why the claim about advertisements and their misleading status does n't hold is that most ads do not actually inform about the products , but that they rather encompass certain images and emotions which are associated with the product they are trying to sell .
How many ads about ice-creams include the nutrition facts ?
The answer is none .
And since most ads do not inform anyway , it is impossible for them to make products appear better than they actually are .

Perhaps the most convincing reason why the great majority of ads is not misleading is that an appraisal of a product 's quality is in most cases subjective .
For instance , some people like onion soup while others hate it .
Some people would immediately switch the channel when they encounter an onion-soup-ad while others probably would enjoy watching it .
So , one 's perception of an advertisement undoubtedly depends on her subjective attitude toward the product .
This subjective attitude would almost certainly affect the degree to which one would find the ad deceptive .

In conclusion , the claim that most ads make products seem better than they actually are is unsubstantiated for three reasons : State regulation , the advertisement 's non-informative nature and the subjectivity of advertisement-appraisal .
I agree that most of the advertiesements are used to make products seem much netter than they really are .
We can see many exaples of this phenomenon in our daily lives .
Ads have been an inevitable component of the daily media , such as TVs , newspapers , radio , even along the wall of the subways we use to go work every day .
the advertisments are continously trying to make us believe that some products are worth buying .
By without even we got influenced by them , we by tons of equipment that we do not even need at all .
A serious problem I see with the advertisements that they lack honesty most of the time .
generally , those who prepare tyhe ads resort to tricks and misleading statements that show their products better that they actually are .
In the following , I will give my obsrevations on this issue .

Firstly , I think that most ads try to show a product different than what it actually is because there are many similar products of the same kind in the market .
Therefore , advertisements use some lies to make their products distinguished among all its competitors .
recently , I needed some cutting equipment forthe kitchen .
In one of the examples , i saw a set of equipment which is told to be able decrease the time spent in the kitchen to half .
The knife kit was shown to be able to form varuious structures to cut different vegetables .
It was said to hae a mode for potatoe kneeling anothe mode for peeling carrots .
having influenced by this , I ordered the specific set of knives .
However , the result shocked me .
What I bought turned out to be a simle set of knives bundled with some simpel plasic boxes .
Obviously , I felt cheated .
this is an example how advertisements can be effective in showing things different than they truly are .

Moreover , I think the technique of distorting the truth has become the unofficial definition of the advertisement .
There are many examples to convince me to think so .
Today , the advertisers use various techniques to show the products brighter than they are .
They use television shows to ` prove ' the usefullness of the product .
However , all those shows are set up previously .
They consist of people just playing their roles to convince us on the merits of a product .
Today , there are even some Tv channels just for this purpose .
Advertising relies on exxagerating the positie sides of a product while suppressing the negative sides .
An example is thebrochures of holiday resorts .
Theyu always show high storey buildings with a big swimming poo in front .
the scene is always bright with a smiing face in teh background .
Once I have been decepted by the beauty of such a brochure to buya holiday program on seaside .
however , what I ended up when I arrived the holiday resort was a disaster .
thre was a pool , but it was not functioning .
the picture on the brochure did not belong to the actual building .
This was a very bad experince , which strenghtens my belief on the fact that advertiesements are used to make products seem much netter than they really are .

As a conclusion , I agree that advertiemnts are used to sho the products better than they are .
I think this is done in order to make a specific product distinguishable among other similar ones .
Moreover , I believe that this approach has been the norm among the advertisers .
Therefore , one should be very careful when making results based on ads .
The results can be very disappointing , as it was the case for my kitchen tool or my disastrous summer holiday .
Today , the television , the so-called TV , is constantly dropping on us bombs of advertisements in an infinite number and often the relation between the product exposed and his real qualities is broken , like in advertisements with diet systems , fantasic lotteries or toys , and all that is done in order to sell the more as possible .

The most clear example of the statement are the advertisements of diet systems : they are exposed like some kind of miracoulous thing that , while we are continuing to live our life , can make us lose a lot of weight without any physical effort , and often they have no effects or collateral effects on the users , attracted by an easy way to improve theirselfs .

Another fake thing are the advertisements where we can easily win something special like a car , a travel or a lot of money by apparently doing something with a less greater importance , like buy some books or a certain number of a determinate object .
Then we can discover that it 's quite impossible for us to win that fantastic thing that we wanted , or that this thing is n't really so great as we can expect .

But the most attacked targets are the children ; thousands of toys or games advertisements are daily transmitted from our television , and they reach directly the imagination of the chlid that is watching them .
Often this toys do on the screen a lots of things that they ca n't really do , and this thing is `` casually '' specified with some very , very little phrases transmitted in a quite invisible way near the border of the television screen , so that a child ca n't read or even notice them .

In conclusion , is absolutly true that a lot of advertisements about products , like these described , makes these products something incredible , unbeliveble , fantastic , and often they are really much worse of what we can see and think but , as a result , they make us lose a lot of money in a useless way .
A universal tendency of human is to prefer the accustomed method of working over the new method .
This tendency arises from the fear of risks , specially from the fear on the subject that one do not readily know .
However , the successful people are often the ones who adopts new ways of thinking rather than familiar ways .
The opportunity given in the known measure is fixed , but it can vary in new venture ; in fact , one might find a better opportunity by far compared to the old one .
Two historic figures of American literature shows the better chance of success in new things .

Edgar Allan Poe , an eighteenth-century Romanticist writer , applied many unconventional genres and the measures unfamiliar to himself in the course of success .
His fame in the genre of short stories was greatly hindered by the social attitude on the genre .
Short stories were considered lower , compared to the traditional style of novel and poetry .
He championed the short stories and became a master of the style .
In another case , Poe 's apparent experimentation with new poetic technique is shown in some of his poetic works .
One of the technique he stumbled upon was the use of refrains .
In later life , he wrote one of his most famous work with the excellent use of refrains : The Raven .

Another poet who provided the broad course of American poetry is Walt Whitman , also known as `` Good Gray Poet '' or `` Bard of Democracy . ''
He contributed the influence of distinctively american voice to the later generation 's work .
His current fame , which was an initial notoriety , came from his advocation of free verses .
Style of free verses was largely unknown at the time , and his poems were criticized as `` lacking poetic value . ''
However , his constant working with unfamiliar territory of literature eventually brought him success .

As expressed in Robert Frost 's poem `` The Road Not Taken , '' these two literary figures ' success was marked from `` taking the road that is less taken . ''
\\
I agree with the concept that most advertisements make products seem much better because I experienced the same event .
Being a consumer , I meet first with the new products in magazine or TV advertisement .
If I get attracted to the advertisement , I wish to buy the product .
Thus , most advertisements exaggerate the good side of the product because the producers want the world to buy them .

For example , most advertisements do not mention the side effects of drugs even though they can be pretty detrimental .
One consumes drugs frequently whenever faced with illness .
Even though it is bad to take the loads of them , one takes it over and over again until the disease is gone .
I am not sure about American advertisement , but in my home advertisement , there is no mention about side effects of the drug .
There is not much chance that side effect will appear even 10 percent but I believe it is better to warn the cosumers with those beforehand .
The producers do not mention about the side effects because they want their product to be sold .
I believe this applies to any other products .
Thus , advertisment represent the product to be better than the real quality .

For another example , advertisements do not show how long clothes or the whiteness of teeth last for .
Two years ago , I bought a box of `` White Strip '' .
I did not pay attention to the lasting quality because the advertisement did not mention any of that sort .
I tried them for a month and my teeth sure did get whiter but that was a temporary effect .
After a month , my teeth were same as before if not worse .
From that time on , I never buy those products again .
Consequently , the advertisement did not mention that the effect lasts temporarily because they want consumers to buy the product .

Another example would be diet coke .
Advertisement say that diet coke has less calories than the original one .
If one has ever drank diet coke , she will notice that it is sweeter than the real one since diet coke use artificial sweetner .
According to the research , artificial sweetner has no calorie but is more harmful than the real sugar if consumed in large quantities .
Nevertheless , the advertisement does not mention anything about those information .
It is sel-evident that the advertisement gives the false impression .

In conclusion , advertisements are not to be believed completely because they omit the bad effects or disadvantages of the products .
Consumers buy the products if they are attracted by the advertisements and that is producer 's trick : representing the better quality of the product to allure the consumers .
Specialization in my opinion is a key word that has to be taken into account .
From experiences that have occured to me in life I have forged a negative idea of the knowledge of many subjects .
I I think this is a valid explanatory element therefore I have decided to include this happening in order to give my thougts some back up .
My English teacher in the 12th Grade made a clear distinction between the Italian teaching system and the American teaching system .
The Italian system had a vast program but it did not prepare students for `` that specific sector '' in university and then work .
On the other hand he emphasized the fact that the American educational system had fewer amount of topics but the piece of information absobred by the student would have surly been stored in his long term memory becoming permanent knowledge .
Whilst depth knowledge can connect a student to `` work '' in general , the student with a vast but more superficial knowledge will probably have more difficulties in settling and finding an occupation suitable for him .
For all these reasons I think specialized knowledge has a more utlistic aspect that the knowledge of seldom subjects lacks .
It is true that knowledge of a variety of topics can be applied in other life situations but the needs people have in our society are different .
A person goes to the university as he wants to have knowlege on a certain topic , this knowledge will enable him to find a job .
Recalling on another life experience , my father that ownes a fabrique told me how he had some employees that lacked of the working skills .
All turned out to be a waste of time since he had to teach and explain the information that has not been taught previously .
If a person specializes on a single subject he will easily work effectivly therefore the results for society will be postive .
I think schools and universities should provide this system and then they should give the opportunity for students to reasearch singularly .
If a person is attracted by the vast variety of knowledege he should research and study on his own , An unclear knowlege of many topics may undermine working system in society .
As we finish high school , we start having an idea about what path we would like to take for the rest of our life , so as we begin to attend college we have a , more or less , detailed idea of what it will be our field of study for the following years .

I personally disagree with the statement , because I believe that we need to specialize in a particular field .
What I mean is that , as soon as we have a clear idea of what our major is , there are several reasons to specialize in one subject .
For examples classes from our major make us more competitive in our field , because we gain knowledge on what it will be our future work environment , and at the same time it will make us more prepared to face problems during our career .

At the same time in a constantly changing world , the more our knowledge goes deep in a field , the more we will fit higer level job positions , or the more competitive we will be in the application for Graduate school .

I am a Materials Science and Engineering major student .
What distinguishes myself from the other students of my major are the elective classes that I took on specific topics , regarding nano-materials .
Taking high grades in this classes enhaces my curriculum and makes me more eligible for scholarship for the next years .
At the same time a company interested on developing a nano-material technology would be more willing to assume me than another Materials Science and Eng .
student with another kind of background .

At the same time from a non-scientific point of view , I have to say that I lack preparation on humanities knowledge , and I do not feel confortable when other friends of mine speak about art , history or literature , and if I could I would go back at college to take a couple elective classes from history of art major .
I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn them .
When a student is taught ideas and concepts it helps him develop his own understanding and gives him the power to analyse differences in two given situations .
A student who has learnt the concepts properly can apply these and thus come out with a solution on his own .
So what this does is , it promotes and drives the student to grow as an individual intellectually .

Now consider the case that the student is given all the facts .
He will have all the knowledge that he needs to solve a particular problem or he will have all the answers to any question that is thrown at him .
Since he has learnt these facts , its easier for him to recall them whenever he needs to .

This is where the comparasion of the two practices is required to ultimately determine which is more desirable or which one is more beneficial to the student .
While knowing all the facts can be considered an asset , not knowing how and where to use them to achieve the desired goal , means that all the factual knowledge is wasted .
In such cases the understanding of ideas and concepts is more beneficial as the student will know how to use the information he has or can comprehend from a given situation or example and still come up with a solution .

For example i am taught in a phychology class that an individual when scared , acts in a particular way , i will learn that as a fact and the way i need to respond to that will also be learnt .
Now suppose the person for some reason , choses to act differently and takes me by surprise , since a response for this has not been learnt .
So every fact is not useful , the understanding of the concepts of behaviour in this kind of a situation is more advantageous and can help effectively deal with such a situation .

So i feel it is more important for a student to understand rather than learn everything he can because things learnt may be forgotten but if the student still has his concepts right , he can still deal with anything .
The issue of the quantity and the quality of knowledge required to succeed is a very old one : in fact we today know that nobody can have the so-called ` Total knowledge ' of the world .

This was probably possible three or four centuries ago , when the state of our scientific knowledges was limited , that is why scientists , philosophs or writers like Goethe , Rousseau , Pascal have surely known everything when they lived .
But it is an utopy today , and in our everyday life the question that comes often is : Do I have to follow a generalist or a specialized cursus ?

I personnaly agree with the statement underlining the idea that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic areas than to know everything about one area , like cells biology or ship construction , for example .

My view is surely subjective because I made a French ` Classe Preparatoire ' before being admitted , two years ago , in a Business School in France .
So I had to study during two years no less than 8 academic classes : Mathematics , French , History , Economy , English , German , Philosophy , Computer skills .
Each one was very important and often evaluated with both writed and oral assessments .

To my mind follwing a great number of classes at the young age is a very constructive and usefull way to be educated : on this purpose all countries all over the world proceed this way until the child becomes a teenager .
But after that each country has its own view on education : Germans will prefer to choose a specialization very soon ( with 13 or 14 ) whereas France or the United States gives a priority to long studies at the university .
I remember a day when I was in ` Classe Preparatoire ' , a professor of Philosophy felt that few people followed his class , and he told one of the students that in spite of his probable future of Financial Manager , dealing with numbers and banks all the day , he will miss his classes of Philosophy because it gave him a way to think about everything in the life .

This explanation of our professor created by me a new view on subjects I did n't appreciate , and now I make efforts to interest me on each Business point that I have to study at School .

But to conclude with , I naturally understand that I will have to decide me for a specific orientation to my professional future very soon .
It is necessary , but I think that in a highly evolutive Labour Market , it is a n opportunity in conceiving to do very differnt things in his career .
It would not be correct to state that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today .
Car has always been the most widely used mode of transportation while compared to the occasional air , water and rail transport .
The availability of cheaper and eco-friendly fuel , expansion and developement of infra-structure , car 's advantages over public transport , availability of cheaper and better cars in the market strengthen this claim .

Price of fuel , which seems to increase minute by minute , seems to be a valid reason that could stop the increase in the number of cars in the near future .
But extensive research being conducted and other cheap and eco-friendly sources of fuel making their debut into the market suggest that the use of cars will get cheaper and better showing how much more car facilitates the way people commute .

Every city , town and villiage in today 's world are urbanizing and the infra-structure expanding which suggests that there are more facilities vailable to a person at large .
The necessities in the life of a person such as medical care , vacation trips , shopping - to name only a few - are more easily accessible by car .
This along with tomorrow 's cheaper and environment friendly fuel forms a sound practical reason for an individual to use car .

One method of transport that would reduce the rate at which the number of cars increase is the public transport .
Time in today 's world is money .
Everybody seem to want to reach their destinations at the earliest possible time .
With a view on the developement of road ways in the form of broader roads , better connectivity between places , the number of cars , mostly the easiest way of transportaion , can only increase .

There are many car manufacturers and the competitive nature of the car market is extremly high .
This suggests that there will be cheaper , more efficient cars available in the market at the near future .
Thus with this wide array of choice to the buyer , a car , is most definitely the most widely used form of transport and would likely remain so .

Hence car is likely to remain most widely used mode of transportation while compared to other modes of transport .
The availability eco-friendly fuel will improve the current state of our environment .
A car would increase accessibility of everyday requirement and otherthus will increase in number in the next twenty years .
Nowadays people are talking about a broad range of controversial topics .
One of these topics is big amount of cars that are used in the world .
Some people belive that whithin twenty years the number of cars must be reduced a lot .
However there are just as many people who do n't agree and say that there will be a growing in the quantity of cars used in the world .
Both of the groups have several reasons to argument their opinion .

One the one hand those who believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than nowadays , say that the goverments of the differents countries must set restrictions in the use of cars to stop contamination problems caused by the combustion gases , such as acid rain or the growing of the hole in the ozone layer .
Also many people want to prevent cars coming into the city centre in order to make the cities more confortable to their citizens as well as to avoid traffic jams .

On the other hand there are people who strongly feel against the reduction in the number of cars that will be in use in the future .
Their main reason to say this is that the car is quicker than the public transports therefore it allows people to save time in their movings .
Furthermore the high prize of the tickets for the bus or the underground do n't help leaving the car at home .

To sum up the topic of the number of cars in use in the future will remain controversial .
While some people mantain that in twenty years the number of cars in use will be smaller , you can find just as many people who think that this number must even grow .
In my opinion , unless we discover any kind of non-contaminating car , we should restrict the use of vehicles to preserve our planet in good conditions .
`` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know hoe to do well '' .
This statment is often said about people and what they should do in order to be successful .
Succes is measured by what you have accomplished .
In life if you take risks your are going to be more successful because your are going to get better at what you do , improve in some areas and learn .

First , if you take risks you are going to get better at what you do because you are going to have more practice .
Having more practice you can see what you are better at and what things you should improve .
One day my friend was really scared about making a decision because what if she failed .
The first times she tried she was right , she failed .
But with practice the teacher is born .
She became so good at what she did that she was more successful .

Second , you are going to improve your qualities .
Like my friend , she realized what areas she could change and improve them in order to be better .
If you dont take a risk you are always going to be good , and thats all .
You want to be great at everything and sometimes we just need a little push and courage to know that at first maybe its not going to be better , but at the end of the road you are improving in every single way .

Third , by taking risks and chances you are learning .
Learning is the most important quality .
If you learn from your mistakes and from the things you are good at , you can combine the knowledge and create something wonderful .

People are successful because of what they do , the things they create and what they are good for .
Every person during their lifetime has to take a chance , risk what they have .
If they dont they are never going to be great , just good at what they are .
But if they do decide to take a risk they are going to learn so much more that even if they fail they gain more knowledge than a person who didnt take a risk .
This is why successful people take risks , to gain to knowledge of different things , and to be great at what they do .
In the modern society , things have changed dramatically every day , company owners or executives at companies who should categorized to be a successful people should pursue new things all the time to understand what customers need and where the current trend goes .

I have been working as a personal assistant to the president for a Japanese company at the moment .
He has started the company and told me that he went through so many hardships until he made the company successful .
He mentioned that there are nothing you can gain if you do n't take any risks .
Obviously , becoming successful involves a lot of risks to take .

I believe that if you keep doing the same thing all the time , you feel comfortable and confident what you are doing but you do not gain anything much .
Especially in the business world , if you stick to old idea all the time because you are afraid of changing , you could not expect to grow your business .

If you like to become a successful business person , you have to read a lot of books to get wide range of knowledge , to try a lot of new things to keep yourself interested in something .
New things which keep yourself being interested in do not have to be always business or politics but music or sports .
By doing do , you can make a conversation to anyone such as your staff or your childre at any age and gender without feeling a barrier .
After pursueing new things , some of them ended up becoming your hobby and your hobby brings some friends to share your common interest .

I believe that people who is willing to challenge new things without worrying too much of taking some risks tend to be succesful because they tend to have positive attitude toward everything in their live that they are dealing with , while people who tend to stick to one thing that they are doing fine tend to be stable financially but never be successful .
I completly agree with this statement that `` young people nowdays do not give enough time yo helping their communities '' .
The younger generation nowdays spend most of their time enjoying themselves , not very affected by whats goin on withing their community .
They are to busy enjoying their quality time on uneccesary thing .
They do not understand the importance their communities have and how it could benifit them by being a important part of it .

A community basically gives the a child or young people some important moral values which they do not even recive from their parents .
These communities give the student the basic needs to live in a society .
They teach them how to behave in diffrent situations which could help them in their future .
Young people should alwase be a integral part of their communites and help them in what ever aspect .

These communites also take part in varios activites such as relif funds etc. for the needy people affected by varios disastors like an earthquake or a hurricane .
Young people should take an initiative in such activites and help their communities in perfrorming their important tasks since it will be benifical not only fer the needy and the poor but also for an individual himself , since it will bring in him an important quality of helping which is very important fer every human being .

These young people should take some time off from their normal activites atleast once or twice a week and spend some time with their communities and work with them and make it a better community .
But on the other hand these communites should also include some interesting activites like sports and games , which is sometimes fun and could enhance the participation of young people in them .
Thus the communities could me made more intersting by having such activties .
By this way they could promote their communites more and more and increse the number of young people joinng them and helping them to make the community a better place .
This statement implies a double response for me .
Indeed in my essay I will give several reasons to show that I agree with this statement but there is also some reasons which make me think that older people can enjoy life more than young people .

When we are young we have less resonsability so we make things without thinking of the consequences .
For example , if we want to act dangerously , this is our own decision , we have not a family to protect .
In this sense , young people enjoy life more because they have nobody to worry about .
If they desire they can just have fun .
We can also say that young people are more lead to do extraordinary things such as leaving a family and going in a place they do not know , just because it is a new experience .
Indeed most of the time they do not plan what they will do , they do not spend hours thinking about the consequences .
They just live the present moment .

However what is also true is that old people can enjoy life too .
Indeed they do but in a different way .
They are happy with very little .
For instance listenning the birds sing or staying in their home with their grandchildren .
They have a greater maturity than the youngers ones have .
So they do know care about details .
They have lived a lot of things and pains .
They are able to see the world with a distance so they can see what is important or not .
This enables them to enjoy life .

As a conclusion what I want to say is that we cannot really say if young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I would say that it depends on the context of our life .
It depends also on the experience we had throughout our life .
It is true that nowadays , school gives out more work for students to do .
And most of the students are packed with school work that they do not have spare time to do other things .
Even though it is true , I still believe young people are putting enough time to help their communities .

As for my school , an average students spend about four to five hours on their homework , and it depends on the level of the difficulties of the courses they took .
But , even though our homework takes up a great time , many students from my school still work for community services .
My school ends at 3 pm everyday , but we have activities that is offer after school , such as community services .
And most of the students are `` forced '' to do community services .
There 's no rules set on the minimum hours worked per year , but for those people who wish to get into good college , would do community service everyday .
Because we know , colleges care about community services .

Of course , there are people who help out in their communities just because of their interest .
You might ask , `` why would people enjoy doing community services when there are better alternatives such as watching movies and chilling out with your friends ? ''
The reason you would have asked the question is because you have not found a community service that you can enjoy doing .
I have been persistantly going to Leprosy Home everyweek .
I worked about seventy hours every year .
College Application might be one of the reason I visit there , but the main reason that keeps me spending so much time there is because of the residents there .
Even though most of the residents had never gone to school before , there 're things that I can learn from them , such as , the way to live and look at your life .
They are disabled , and they have been through all sorts of difficulties , and while chatting with them , they 'll share their storys of how they 'd gone through all the difficulties .
And that 's why there are people who enjoy helping out the communities - they learn many things that they do n't usually learn from school .

May be , around the world , young people do not give enough time helping their communities .
But from the environment I live in , I see people doing communities almost everyday .
Some of them might be forced by their parents or college application , but those people are still the same as those who do communities with interest .
Either way , people are helping out the community .
And I think putting an extra two hours everyday on top of the five hours homework is a decent amount of time to put into the community .
I do believe successful people try new things and take risks .
I believe life is full of opportunities that can benefit us , but we have to be ready and willing to accept this opportunities .

If a person just sits around and keeps doing the same than his/her life will become in a rutine .
Risks are always good because they motivate the person and makes a person give it 's best to achieve it 's personal goals , It 's always good to try new things .
A person has to look at it in a way that if nothing comes out of this than its not a lost , its actually a win , because you earned experience .

Experience is a very valuable gift a person acquires over time .
Nobody is born with experience , life gives a person the experience required to become successful and not fail .
Successful people have already obtained a certain degree of experience that has taken them to the spot they are located at .
A good example of how experience helps and is acquaired would be that a guy recently graduated with a business major , would n't be able to run a company by itself .
He probably has the knowledge , but not the experience to know what to do , or what decisions he needs to take , or how the company is run .

Important personalities in life have taken risks .
One good example is Cristopher Columbus .
He took the risk of sailing through the ocean , because he had a dream that the earth was round , and not flat like everybody said it was .
He took that risk and he had a great outcome , he found America .
If he would sat around and just believed what everybody else was believing in and just traveling in the same route everybody was , than he would n't have never found the glory he found when he decided to take that risk .

Life is full of risks , and we have to be well prepared in order to confront them , and when they come we do n't have to be afraid of taking them because we do n't know what we might found or the outcome of them will be .
A person wont become successful just wishing and dreaming they were successful , What they need to do is get up and go out and overcome all types of adversities .
Time is a big problem nowadays .
Not only concerning the time we have to spend working every day to make our living but also the time we have to spend to serve social demands .
What young people are taught in an average family today is much different from what they were taught fifty years ago and it does definitely not lead to a person who is actively participating in social areas such as communities without being pushed by parents or career .
Spending time for social benefit instead of for personal interest is something that is very rarely seen .

I think that it is right that young people of our time do spend very little time helping their communities but I am of the opinion that one should not only blame the youths for their lack of interest but in fact look at the causes which are basic for this change .

If you want to be respected and liked in our society you have to work hard for a good education in order to work in a profession which allows you to earn a lot of money .
There is not much time left besides this .
It is a question of moral standards that changed our attitude towards community work .
When our parents were young there was no question that the family went to church every Sunday and that the mother and children helped at community feasts and celebrations .

Those parents showed their children that this community work is part of their daily life .
Nowadays however this is not the case in most of the families anymore .
How are the children supposed to gain access to their community ?
How are they supposed to value the benefits they get from such work if the parents do not show them anymore ?

I found that the friends I made within my community are the ones which remained over a long period of time , not all of them but still a noticable lot .
I spend a lot of afternoons in the communities ' room for kids when I was about fourteen and I must say that I truly enjoyed helping to organize our yearly community feast .

Finally there are always exceptions to be made when it comes to generalizing an opinion about a group of people - or even a whole generation - as in the discussed statement .
Not all young people are interested in helping their communities but still there are some who are more than interested .
Therefore I find it difficult to agree to such a general statement eventhough there is definitely truth in blaming our generation for not being intersted in helping others without directely earning benefit fo oneself .
I agree with this statement but there are some disadvantages I will not leave unmentioned .
There are actually two questions included in this statement .
The travel in a group and the guide who leads the group .
Travelling in a group has some fantastic aspects that can turn a journey into an adventure .
If you travel with several people you will be able to share your impressions , opinions and concerns with them and you will have the chance to learn more about your `` travel-mates '' as well .
Furthermore you can do things you could never afford when you are travelling on your own or only with your partner .
For example renting a bus , a house or even a guide who has some insider informations for you .
The guide is the second point I would like to talk about .
Taking part in a tour that is led by a guide includes the opportunity to see areas and listen to information or stories that are not available in a book or a magazine .
You can see really hidden parts of untouched nature or you can get a great tour in a museum with special information about certain artwork .
If you join a guided tour with a group of friends you will share your new and exclusive knowledge with others .
Because ( if we are honest ) exclusive knowledge and impressions are only interesing if someone can show off with them .
At least for some of us .

But there are some aspects of a guided group travel I do not appreciate .
You alway have to consider the mood and the wishes of all people within the group .
Consequently , you cannot make everybody happy .
There will almost always be at least one person who would like to do something different and he or she will be disappointed if this idea is rejected by the group .
My concerns about a guide are small but you have to think about them as well .
When you pay for a guide you have a day that is usually exactly organized which is good because you want to get something for your money .
On the other hand , there is no space for a break , some leisure and relaxing bcause the group has to move on .
You cannot discover anything on your own you cannot have your own little adventure with your partner .

To sum this up I would like to give my own statement .
A travel with a group led by a guide is a fantastic experience but there should be some space left to be alone or with your partner to relax , enjoy each other and discover the area on your own .
I agree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
Most of the things , we enjoy require novelty , travelling and friends .
While young , we have the physical strength to travel around places .
Old people travel little and that too making their travel as least streneous as possible .
Therefore , they avoid exploring new and difficult reaching places .
Travelling becomes much more enjoyeable when it involves physical activity and sports such as trekking , mountaineering etc , which old people are unable to enjoy .

Visiting places may not be as fun to old people because they already have so much experience and stand much higher chance of visiting the same place again .
Youngs , on the other hand , feel the excitement of visting a completely new place and environment never explored earlier .

The normal lives of young is more dynamic as compared to that of the olds .
There are always very special events such as the first date , marriage , first child , first job etc which keeps a young person lively .

Old people are more prone to illness and therefore restrict themselves to a safe and secure environment which keeps them restricted to small vicinity .
Old people in general tend to take little risk in whatever they do , for example , planning on-the-move trips .
Uncertainity adds another diminsion to entertainment , and since young can afford to take such risks they tend to enjoy themselves more than old people do .

Least but not the last , friends are very important element to enjoy life .
Young people usually tend to have a wider friend circle , since they meet much more people during thier daily routine during college , at office place , at clubs etc .
However , old people mostly prefer to stay at home and therefore have a limited frind circle .
Old people have thier old friends but again due to limitation on frequent streneous travel they get o meet them rarely .

So all in all we should try to enjoy as much as possible while we are young .
We never know when we would become physically so weak that we may not be able to enjoy ourselves much .
I personally do not think that the travel in a tour with a guide is preferrable for several reasons .
Instead , I suggest the travel alone as a best way .
This essay compares and contrasts the advantages and disadvantages of travelling alone and in a group led by a tour guide .

First of all , a tour led by a guide requires a set schedule : tourists cannot go around as they like ; instead , they exclusively have to follow the guide all the day .
By contrast , travelling alone permits a person much freedom : she or he can decide the schedule of that day according to her or his will .

Second , although the existence of a guide might seem to be helpful , it sometimes does not function so .
For example , at the tourist site , the guide gives an explanation to it , and tourists just listen to the guide .
This form of information-acquring is just passive .
Instead , I prefer learning things by myself actively , and I think this is the major advantage of travelling alone because the knowledge or memory acquired by positive attitude should be better than memory got by passive attitude .

Third , the guided tour might not allow people to take a closer look at tourist sites or monuments .
Since there is a certain number of people in the group , it is hard to estimate that an individual can have a closer look at tourist features until he or she gets satisfied .
This is precisely due to the set schedule as indicated .
People have to go around the one place to another in a rush in order to make it on time .
Again , on the contrary , sicne traveling alone allows much freedom , a traveler can take a closer look on the site or tourist features .

Having said that though , travelling in a group led by a guide does have some advantages such as : some interaction and socialised relationship amongst other members of the group ; safety because they travel with other people .

However , as far as the first advantage of travelling in a group is concerned , it is still achievable even if it is a travel by alone .
Being open , friendly and social enables the traveller to have the interaction with other people along the journey : even if s/he does not have any friends or fellows at the beginning , s/he can acquire them through the trip , and this is the exactly exciting point of travelling alone .

As far as the security issue is concerned , the advantage seems to rest upon travelling alone .
Yet , considering other aspects , as argued , travelling alone should be still entitled to be a desirable way of the journey overall .
I totally agree with the statement that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts .

Firstly , only learning facts is something which is kind of simple .
Everybody is able to do this .
It is not a special feature of students .
Just learing things by heart is something which you have done in primary school , and of course it is good to do that there but not at highschool or at university .

Besides it ist not important anymore to know many facts because there are so many books , and of course the internet , where you can search for everything you want to know .

Secondly , as fast as you can learn facts as fast you will forget them again .
So it is much more of interst to learn where you can find them than knowing them in detail .
That 's why I think it is enough to know the book or the homepage where you can find the information you are looking for than knowing the information .

Thirdly , learning how to understand ideas and concepts of things will help the students to come along in there life after their studying time .
When they will have a job they will not be asked for facts such as how many people live in Ohio , but they have to come along with more complex quesions where they have to use their ability to understand the idea and concept of for instance a new project oder product and to combine this knowledge .

Lastly , it is not only good for the students ' job-lifes but also for their private lifes to understand the general idea of things .
For example when reading the newspaper it is much more of interest to verify critical statements than learning the exact number of the people who died in the Iraq War .

So all in all you can see that the ability to understand the gist of things is more relevant than just learning facts .
Young people nowadays definitely do not give enough time to helping their communities .
This is clearly reflected in modern society where everyone is busy taking care of his/her own problems and very few people have the kindness of caring a little bit more about the people around them .

There are two kinds of young people that should be considered .
On the one hand , there are those who do not care about the community where they live in , they are so busy doing their things , enjoying themselves or getting into trouble that there is no way they would have time to think about their community .
These people live their lives centered on themselves and are most commonly seen among us .
They do not want to do it because they would rather use their time and money doing things that would benefit themselves , which is probably the most obvious thing to do .
This selfishness is one of the main components of the human being that is almost impossible to eliminate .
Even if they had enough time or money , they would surely find something to spend it on and not dedicate it to helping the community .

On the other hand , there are those who really wish to help the community .
They are rare , but not extinct .
They are usually those who have a little more spare time to dedicate to things other than themselves and probably the economic power to do it .
Spending more time and resources on the community would mean having less left for themselves , something that not many people can really afford because these young people usually have to study , go to school , or even work !

I personally believe it all resides inside of us , in the desire to do it or not .
Even when under bad circumstances , as long as you have the will , there is nothing that can stop you .
But if the will is not present , no matter how much time or resources you have , you will always need it for something else .
In my opinion , history shows that people that take risks and try new things are more successful that those that prefer to rely on their existing knowledge .
There are several reasons and examples that support my point of view .

First , in our globalized world , knowledge and technological innovations are rapidly increasing .
Ten years ago , nobody used the internet .
Today it is almost impossible to be successful without knowing how to write an email and how to surf in the internet .
Therefore , it is necessary to be open to new inventions and changes in societies in order to make progress .

Moreover , inventions have normally been made because people started to try new things and to take risks .
A musician that only plays the songs he already manages quite well is n't very likely to invent a new song or to improve his interpretation .
Only by trying out alternative interpretations , even though it may sound odd in the first place , new ideas may come to the musician 's mind .
Consequently , his interpretation of the song can be improved .
Therefore , by taking the risk of leaving behind old patterns of thinking , previously unknown concepts can be found out .

In addition , people that take the risk of starting a business with a new concept may have more success than those that sell established products .
Although franchising , for example , gives the shopowner more security , the possibilty of making huge surpluses is lower .
Enterly new and creative concepts , however , can help you to become really successful .

In conclusion , taking risks and trying new things contributes to make people successful .
Due to globalization , society changes rapidly , so that you are required to broaden your horizon in order to succeed .
Furthermore , the possibilities of making a new discory and to run a successful business are higher .
Thus , I prefer to do new things and to take risks .
Everyone wants to be successful , in our personal or professional life .
This is a level showing your qualities , and this can show as well your wish to progress in your life .

As an example , if a working person wants to progress in his working life , he has to show his motivation by trying new things such as giving innovative ideas or spending more time on projects .
This will prove to his manager that he is concerned by his work and by the company itself .
He can reach to a better job by this way , being promoted and earning more money .

On the other hand , if this working person stays quiet , does not try new things , this means that he does not want to take risks .
And sometimes , this can be a security for him , he can keep his job and he will be sure that he will be paid at the end of the month .
Indeed , if this one has a family , he has to be able to buy all his family needs .
Maybe he will find a routine in his everyday life , but he will be secured that his family will have what they want .

In my opinion , I think that we have to progress in our life .
And if this means that we have to take risks , or to try new things , most of people should do this .
For example , if I have a report to do in group , I will suggest all the time new ideas , even if these are not relevant , but at least , I would have tried .
I know this can be boring for other team-mates , but by this way , the report can progress , and this could be a success if everyone tried this .

Successful people are not rare , they are part of our everyday life and they allow some works to be done in time , and with ideas of quality .
I do agree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knoeledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' .
because of differents reasons .
Firts , I believe that it is nice to be able to talk about differents kinds of themes .
For example , I would love to have the opportiunnity to debate about economic problems with a person and discuss world history at the same moment with another person , such as it could be a dinner with friends .

Also I believed it is better to have and idea about differents aspects of life because it shows what is important for a person in their lifes .
The idea of be interested in a variety of stuff for me is a way to demostrate that he or she is a culture person who wants to learn more and more about life .

Besides , that is a statement that I have been debateing with myself lately becacuse I am at one step to enter to the university , and I had to choose whether a carrier that contains knowledge of many sbujects , such as International Relationshiops ( I. R ) , or to choose one with more specific information .
Since I like to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , I decided to follow the I. R carrier .

In conclusion I prefer to have knowledge of differents aspects beacuse i have the strong believing that it is important to be informed about almost everything .
In addition to that , i think that with this kind of knowledge , society personal 's image of a person is gonig to be better and more interesting .
Finally it is the kind of knowledge that I considere appropiet for the university carrier that I had decided to follow .
The purpose of advertisement is to sell a product ; the product will be promoted to allure the customer into purchasing it .
Therefore , I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Not only do they emphasize the product 's qualities but they also do not mention features that can make the product hard to use .

Emphasizing a product 's quality in an advertisement is not unlike producing a movie preview .
It , unfortunately , becomes more and more common to be disappointed by a movie after being attracted to it by its preview on TV .
Have n't you noticed how it seems that all the good parts of the movie are shown in the preview ?
All you have left to discover , once you go to the theater , are the dull moments .
Just like a preview which shows you all good things about a movie , an advertisement highlights the great product features .
Once you finally purchase the product , the novelty wears off pretty fast and you are left with the mondain task of actually using it .
You may even realize that the cool feature they were advertising was just that , a cool feature , and this product is not better than any other one .

As much as an advertisement emphasizes the product qualities , it will hide any feature that can make the product hard to use .
Let 's take the iPod for instance , it is small and getting even smaller as new models are developped .
It also as all the controls around a circle .
This definitely looks great on the advertisement but once you actually try to an iPod , you realize that this cool product will require a lot of patience in order to master the thumb movement and control its functions .
Any advertisement would be faulty if it lead the customer to think that there might be any difficulties in using this product .

As can be seen on any advertisement , only positive points about a product are ever highlighted .
This is what advertisers need to do to make products attractive .
Therefore , they will make products seem better than they really are .
`` If only had youth the wit , and old age the time , '' I heard once .
The answer to the above-mentioned question is hidden within this magic sentence .
Implying that young people , out of lack of experience , make a lot of mistakes and people old enough to become experienced do not have the time to use their experience fully , one has to conclude that the old people have no choice but to enjoy life more than the young ones .

Young people have fun , live adventures , keep falling in and out of love , yes : all of this is true .
Yet do they really know what they 're doing ?
Are they even aware of how they 're wasting the precious time they have ?
No .
Only after they reach a certain age can they appreciate the value of experiences .
Only after losing the opportunity of living the life they really want to live can they understand how valuable their past memories are and value the little time they have left to complete their unfinished businesses before they die .

Do not mistake me , I am not at all implying that the elder have the energy to get up and go out and have fun in the exact same way a young person can .
I 'm simply saying that whatever they do , even if it is the simplest thing to do like feeling the wind on one 's skin or eating a homemade meal cooked by their wives , they do it with utmost intensity .
After all , it 's not the quantity that counts , but the quality .

One more reason I believe the older people enjoy life more than young people is because the young people , no matter how successful they have been that far , still have a life ahead of them , full of worries : Are they going to be successful ?
Are they going to be able to properly support a family ?
Older people , having lived through these worries , are past this episode of tension and are relieved .
If they have grandchildren , for instance , they know that it is their biggest accomplishment .
If they do not have grandchildren , on the other hand , they are aware that worrying will be useless for there 's the chance has passed them .
So all they have to worry about is enjoying the rest of what 's left of their lives .

Examples and situations may vary with personalities and periods .
Yet one thing stays the same , the fact that even though young people believe that they 're enjoying life more than older people , it is the exact opposite .
Therefore even though as a twenty one year old person myself , I tend to wish that I am enjoying life better than my seventy year old grandparents , their quality of enjoyment is much better than mine .
Being young or being older influence the decisions , personal characters and the way of life , as well .
By statement the way of life , I refer not only type of living but also the enjoment of that life .
Do young people enjoy life more than the elderly ?
I agree with that statement , because youngsters are more enegetic , not stessful about the future , and not reluctand to experince new things .
On the other hand , due their valuable experinces , senior citizens could have chance to enjoy more than youth .

Firstly , the younger people , due to very biological and hormonal feature of their bodies , are very enegetic , which could not be compared to energy of older people .
Being energetic gives youngsters a chance to do too many things within very short periods of time .
On the other hand , elderly even there are too many energetic old people , cannot due the same amount of things within the same period and also within the same quality .

Secondly , young people do not worry to much about their prospective futures .
Of course , they have some kind of concerns about their careers and study but it is better to think about the end of the life like somehow elderly do .
It is more probable to the elderly to feel deppressive due to feeling old .

Finally , younger people do not have any oppositions against living and experiencing new things , such as new tastes , new adventures and even new friends .
In contrast , senior citizens generally prefer to live in peace rather than in adventures .
They have more concerns to continiue the stablity of their lives , which makes them somehow conservative , as well .

In addition , we should not forget that due to their valuable expereinces , elderly in some cases can enjoy the life more .
For instance , their experinces allow them to know what to do in which time .

I hold the view that younger people enjoy life better and more than elderly .
There is a famous English proverb that illustrates the scope of this topic , it reads : `` He is a jack of all trades , ...
but a master of none . ''
What this proverb essentially implies is that it is not possible to attain mastery in several fields , one can only specialize in one .
The statement of the issue being discussed epitomizes a very paradoxical situation that we as human beings encounter throughout the course of our life i.e the path of mastery or the path of overall education .

It is often as a child you are asked the question : `` What do you want to be when you grow up ? ''
.
The child being ambitious and idealistic at the phase of his life would base his reply on his passion for a particular subject .
Well , it is true that most well educated human beings eventually settle down to choose a particular career based on their academic strength and prowess .
When pusuing a higher education we are made to choose a subject that we wish to major in and probably the subject that will encompass our career in the future .
We are forced to academically pusue a mastery in a particular field of life as this field shall play a vital role in determining our future , our social strength and our monetary power .
It will help in determining what we will be in the future of the socio-economic struggle among us , which evidently has become an essential part of our survival .
It is a fact , we need to attain mastery to build our success , we need to excel at something to prove our ability thus developing specialization in a particular axcademic subject is essential .

There is however , a counter-claim to this argument , a claim which defines the power of a well rounded , overall education .
Possessing a fundamental and broad knowledge in every walk of life and having an opinion on all matters .
A person who follows this ideal is a person whom i would define as a `` Jack of all trades '' .

Through my arguments I do not undermine the power of a well rounded academic back ground , what im trying to imply is that education is what is inculcated at the grass root levels .
Acquiring a broad knowledge of various academic fields is covered at the elementary and sub-secondary levels of education .
It is after this stage , that a human being has metamorphosized from this phase of his life into a phase which is ready for mastery , he is in a position to choose .
The options are always open in life , but it is our duty to choose and master the option that we most strongly believe in .
This is a trait that will help us stand out as the masters of our field and give us purpose in life .
We were born to make a difference in this world and by attaining mastery in one field of academia we can fulfill our duty to ourselves and humanity .
Everything in life had to go new ways at one point .
Evolution for example .
Without going new ways , humans maybe would still live in caves if they existed at all !
To connect this example with todays life , you only have to look at famous people like Bill Gates for instance .
He tried new things , and today he is one of the most famous people in the world , pushed the technology a huge step forward and ows up to that more money than I could ever count .

Of course , on the one hand I have to say , that you are on the safer side of life if you only do the things you know you can do .
Because you are selfconfident in what you do , and you will do it the correct way without having to worry about not solving a problem perfectly , for example given by your boss at work .

But on the other hand everyone wants to improve and be ` as good as can be ' , and that is not possible withoug moving on .
A good exampel is a tennisplayer .
If he would never change his way of playing , everyone would know how to beat him , and he could quit his tennis career .
That 's why he is trying to learn new techniques .
And this was only one example .
Another one could be , that he gets bored of playing and feels unsatisfied his whole life through .

In every part of life it is the same .
You want to improve , so you have to accept the fact , that you have to try and learn new things .
So I do agree with this statement that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what the already know how to do well '' .
Because mankind wants to move on - thats in its nature .
And you can only move on if you try new things .
The statement of how successful are the people that try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well is an interesting one and many times is also a controversial one .

On one hand there are those that try new things and take risks .
For example , there are those that are willing to put all their lives savings into a new business .
Others that , after 20 years decide to start a new career or even go back to school .
Nobody knows what the future holds .
It is uncertain .
Some people are broke one day and rich the next .
A new tv show called Deal or no Deal is a great example of how within seconds your decision might change your life for the good or for the bad .
The show invites contestants to win up to a million dollars , and by within 10 to 15 they need to say if they want to accept the deal that the show offers or continue opening briefcases until they find their million .
The key is that your briefcase might have 1 million as well as it could only have 1 penny .
You decide how much you want to risk .
Donald Trump is another example .
It is publicly known that he lost a lot of his fortune years ago .
To get to where he is now , he certainly took risks that paid off .
Other people , like the CEO of Starbucks saw an opportunity to try something new and presently , his company is the # 1 coffee company in the world .

There are many factors to be taken into consideration when taking risks , because the size of the risk may vary depending on the decisons made through considering those factors .
Do I want to risk my 2 years savings for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids college fund to start up my business ?

One the other hand there are those that only do what they already know how to do well .
We all know people like that or we might even be like that .
It is a preference , a choice and many times a personality trait .
People that are content with the fact that they wo n't go through that moment , day , hour or minute in life when they will hold their breath to wait to have gotten what they were looking for when we risked something , because most times , if not all , things that we risk are of value for us and many times , to those around us .

In conclusion , I believe balance and most importantly passion are key for success .
I have personaly taken risks in my live , and believe that without having taken them I would n't have achieved personal and mostly professional goals that I always wanted to achieve .
In terms of balancing , how about taking the risk of opening a business of something I know how to do well or at least feel passion about ?
The question of whether young people enjoy life more than older people do is a very important question , epsecially when considering that with modern medicine people are continously enabled to grow older and older .
Even though I would in general agree with the statement , several aspects should be kept in mind when answering this question as well .

The first question that comes to mind when reading the statement is what can be understood under `` enjoying life '' .
Personally , I believe this includes things such as travelling and exploring new cultures , interacting with friends , having fun etc .
When considering that older people generally tend to have a worse health than younger people , I would thus say that younger people do enjoy life more , simply because they are more able to .
For example , my grandmothers back continously hurts .
Thus , she is impeded from taking long walks , traveling or any other enjoyable activity which implies a substantial amount of physical activity .
In that sense , I am able to enjoy life more than she is , because I am in better health and do not continously suffer from pain .

Furthermore , I would say that young people enjoy life more than older people because we have more opportunities to do so .
For example , there are vasts amounts of activites for younger people to do in their free time , such as going to the disco or cinema , doing sports with friends , etc .
Of course , older people attend or participate in these activities as well , but I believe that it is more common for younger people to do so , as younger people tend to have more free time than older people .
Additionally , when in school or studying , young people see and have the possibility to hang out with their friends every day .
Older people , however , are more confined to their jobs , and tend to have their friends outside of their job area .
Furthermore , older people are often confronted with the death of their friends , which often results in older people growing more and more lonely .
Young people on the other hand still have their whole life ahead of them and thus constantly explore new ways of living and enjoying life .

Of course , it must be kept in mind that my perspective on older people results from the fact that I am still young .
There are many reasons for why older people may enjoy life more than young people as well , one of which would for example be that they have already achieved a lot in life and are not anymore `` lost '' and trying to find out what to do with their future .
Thus , even though I agree with the statement , I would say it 's more a matter of young people being ABLE to enjoy life more , not a matter of people naturally becoming grumpy or discontented over time .
All in all , I would thus say enjoying life comes down to a matter of health and free time to a large extent , both of which young people tend to have more of .
I agree with the only first part of the statement which says that `` Successful people try new things and take risks '' because this is the precondition for achievement in both business and personal life .
However , I disagree with the rest of the statement which emphasizes that the successful people do not simply do what they already know how to do well .
In my opinion , these people can become successful by the help of the things that are already familiar with them .
Now I would like to mention the basic ideas behind my contention .

First of all , trying new things and taking risks require a high level of self confidence and this is one of the most significant characteristics that many successful people possess .
Self-confidence enables them to apply new methods or take new decisions in their both professional and business lives .
Moreover , being open to new developments or ideas widens the people 's perceptions regarding the issues or concepts and so this brings the success .
Furthermore , to take risks may at the same time lead to increase in chance for invention .
In other words , it can be accepted as a way to be an inventor of something .

On the other hand , all of these can not be possible without using the old knowledge .
That is to say , a person can be more self-confident if he or she really trusts his or her own knowledge , experience and ability which had gained before .
Most of the time , by relying on their already acquired skills , they are able to become successful .
In addition to this , the experience gathered from previous tasks provides remarkable clues about the nature of the risks .
By already predicting the results of the risks , many successful peopl decide to take a certain risk .
In other words , while they take the risks and try new things , they also guarantee themselves .
This generally becomes apparent in the case of the businessmen working for many years and knowing the inside of the business issues .
I completely agree with the statement which says that for students it is more important to understand ideas and concepts instead of learning facts .
I think that the basis for a wide personal culture , which stays forever with a person , are to find in what the person himself understands , not in the quantity of things he can learn ; obviously knowing facts , dates , names of historically relevant people is very important , but not much as the greater quality to understand the ideas which bring you to the fact .

For example , if you have to study a difficult subject as Macroeconomics , the most important thing is to understand what you are doing , not just studying all the models given by your text , because the concept are at the base , once you have made them yours you will be able to solve all the exercises without knowing all the models by heart .

I would light to highlight that learning by heart is , in fact , something I do n't really agree with , because I think it is just a loss of time , spendable in a more useful way , also for the long time you need to learn and the short time you use to forget !

It 's true that learning facts is a compulsory part in everyone 's study , absolutely not to avoid if you want to be really prepared , anyway I would like to underline that it is not enough , nor really useful , if you have n't understood what is behind the argument you are studying .

Even if you know all the facts , you have learned all the dates written in your book , if there is a lack of comprehension , in my opinion your study in an useless effort .

When I was young , my grandmother used to repeat me `` what you understand , none will never steal it to you '' : I really believe that a statement like this can support my opinion , because memory is something that can go away in a whisper , but once you got something , you have it .
In twenty years I believe that the number of cars in use will have fallen .
This is mainly due to increasing expenses linked to owning a car coupled with the fact that public transportation is becoming easier , cheaper and more efficient to use .
Not forgetting , of course , growing awareness in the damages caused to the environment .

Owning a car is becoming more and more expensive .
At this rate in twenty years time a lot of people will probably no longer be able to afford such a luxury .
Petrol prices are spirelling evermore out of control .
The stock market price is at an all time high and nothing seems to be indicating that this trend will change and that prices will fall back down .
Add to this factor , the price of insurance , of car repairs , of the car itself as well as parking .
Numbers have actually shown that in France the number of new cars being sold has dropped dramatically these past few years .
The number of cars already in circulation being so high people can easily find what they 're looking for at a convenient price on the second-hand market .

I think that public tranportation also has its role to play .
As fuel prices rise , traffic jams and pollution increase , people seem to be turning more and more to public tranportation .
Public transportation has evolved tremendously the past few years .
Bus lanes have been privileged in order to avoid traffic jams , trains are going faster and faster at extremely competitive prices and a growing number of cities are loaning out bicycles free of charge .
All this plus the huge publicity campaigns in order to promote public transport and reduce the number of cars .
The fact remains that , especially in big cities , people prefer using public transport to the hassle linked to using a car .
Take Paris for example , it is cheaper , faster and far less stressful to use the metro then to spend hours stuck in traffic jams with parisiens yelling at you from all sides and then having to look for a parking space ( which you 'll also have to pay for ) .
Not to mention the impact on the environment .

The growing awareness and support for environmental issues is also slowly beginning to reduce the use of cars .
In my opinion , as the years pass this factor will play an evermore important role in the number of cars on the road .
I fully agree with the captioned statement .
As a member of young people generation , I believe that we should find much more time to dedicate to and help our communities .

The society in which we currently live put al lot of pressure on young generations in order to push them to think about their studies and their carrers .
The messages that young people receive from family , school , work are not oriented to develop a feeling of the community where they live .
On my opinion , our society is building selfish people concentrated on their own interest and goals .

I am currently leaving in Milan , the business capital of Italy .
In Milan the feeling of living in a community is quite disappeared .
By this , I mean that we are all concentrated on our projects and we work so hard that we do not have time to think about ourselves .
We all live as single people with amazingly working hours that do not allow to think or to find spare time for a community .

This mechanins is completly wrong because it destroys the sense of community and all the benefits that a community can bring .

I remember , when I was living and studying in a small village where my parents currently live , before moving to Milan , that I always appreciated the existence of a community .
We all knew eachother at that time , because the village was very small .
If someone needed help , everone was willing to give their support .
The families in the community were very closed to eachother .
I personally grew up with many other children of other families of the communities and we were obliged to help people with some difficulties .
I remember that I was teaching at that time Italian language to foreign little children , coming from Africa but living in our community , and I was so happy to be of help .

In conclusion , I believe that communities are very important for our lives .
They can greatly contribute to our needs .
For this reason , young people should keep alive the sense of community and make a lot of effort in finding time to help their communities .
I can affirm that helping your community can be very rewarding and that life is not only made by your personal goals and career .
I am essentially agreed with this statement .
Understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts for students .
But in my opinion they must learn facts too .
As far as I am concerned one thing implies the other .
If a student does not understand ideas or concepts , he will not be able to learn facts in a proper way .

We shall see this clearly with an example .
If a student has to learn for his history exam the main events of the French Revolution , he can just study the main facts ( such as king 's prison and death and Robespierre 's government ) but if he does only this , he will forget them easily , even before the exam .
What he should do is trying to understand the causes of the Revolution .
If he knows that French people was almost starving while the queen made costume-parties at palace , he may be able to understand why the furious inhabitants of Paris took `` La Bastille '' , France 's most important jail and , consequently , he will remember easily the fact itself : the assault of `` La Bastille '' .

It is true that in earlier times , when my parents studied for instance , the students were told to learn facts .
Professors paid almost no attention to ideas or concepts .
Nowadays , it is quite the contrary .
At school , and even now , at University , we , as students , are supposed to be aware of ideas and concepts , but not of facts .
They are misregarded , as unimportant information .

I think that a really good education ought to cover both concepts ( which are basic to understand the causes of facts ) and facts themselves .
If we do otherwise the only thing we achieve is a partial idea of what we learn .
In order to clarify it more , I will give another example connected with the French Revolution .
If we know that `` La Bastille '' was assaulted at 1789 , that fact signifies nothing , it is only a number .
If we know that French people was upset with the king and queen in the later years of the 18th century we do n't know that at this moment the assault of `` La Bastille '' took place .

We must be familiar with everything in order to get a deep , a complete knowledge of the matter .
The car has rapidly become the main way of transport for active citizens in the 20th century .
Still , some say that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use then there are today .
Of course there are many arguments that support this statement but there are also arguments that refute it .

In effect , the car industry is in no way slowing down it 's production .
On the contrary , news cars appear on the market all the time .
Most car companies are aware of the new restrictions for car owners and these new models work around them .
For example , when faced with the mounting parking problem , a company issued the Smart , whose size permitted the owners to park easily .
Other models use less gas thus working around the pollution problem .

However the arguments in favour of this statements hold more weight .
One of the many reasons the number of cars will go down is that right now , even with small cars , it is too hard to park your car in cities .
Parking is becoming an issue with commuters as it is also a waste of time that many could do without .

Also because of environment issues such as pollution , many governments encourage public transportation such as the train or buses .
In Paris , the mayor has rendered certain parts of the city difficult to access by car .
The bus service is becoming more adapted to the needs of the citizens ' needs such as comfort and availability .
To make trips faster , the street is divided into corridors , one for buses and one for cars .
Of cours there are still many cars so now car owners are faced with monstrous traffic jams while bus users just whiz by .

The metro system covers most parts of the city so many resort to the subway as means of transport .
If I wish to cross Paris rapidly , I know that it is faster to take the subway than to take a car .

Even though a car provides comfort that public transportation lacks and is also easier to use for your schedule the cons are largely outnumbering the pros and with the awareness of all the trouble the environment is having , many are rethinking their frequent car use .

I believe that in twenty years there will indeed be less cars is use , as they will be reserved for long trips or transportation in rural areas .
People should help communities because human beings are the part of society .
Today , it is hard to find young people who help their communities because they are busy doing their own things .
Therefore , I agree young people do not give a lot of time to helping other communities because they are busy for preparing the furture life and not be educated by adults about helping others .

First , today 's life is hard to live doing work and studying hard .
Young people usually concern about their future for going to good school , doing well in school , having a part time job and getting a good job .
Our society focused on doing well in school and work rather than educating them to have to help others .

For instance , when I was in college , I was asked to study English as a second language in order to have a good job .
All day long , I stayed in the library and studied to get a good job .
I even did n't have time to hang out with friends .
I could not have time to think about others because life is tough in my side .

Secondly , adults like parents and teachers ask young people to work hard and study hard .
They always pointed that life is hard and people should prepare in advance before they regret .
When young people are attending classes , they do not have enough time to think about others and teachers do not mention the points that people should help first rather than doing own things .

For example , I never met teachers who said about helping communities are important of our life or showing voluneer work by themselves .
My parents only worked and my teachers taught their classes .

In short , I strongly agree with the idea that young generation nowadays do not give time to helping their communities because they only focus on preparing their future life and are not educated by adults about helping communities .
I am absolutely convinced that it is much more important to specialize ourselves in one specified topic if we are strongly interested in it .
This idea is deep rooted in me , because I am sure that a person will be able to achieve higher aims if that individual decide to focus his studies on few specific topics .
Nowadays there is a strong competition running both in professional fields and in academic fields .
That is why I am convinced that only if you are able to perfectly manage a topic you can succed in your field of interest .

Moreover it is necessary to consider that , if you have a broad knowledge of a lot of different subjects , you can not have a deep knowledge of anyone of them .
You probably will be able to talk about a lot of different things , but You will not be able to deeply analyse anyone of these .

However , it is just a matter of how deep is our need to command and masterise a specific topic .
Our society is a very superficial society , with the massive use of the Internet we have been teaching to surf on information and just to obtain what we need from these information , without analysing the different item stending behind a subject .

Otherwise it is very important for a student who want to achieve high aims , to analyse many different aspects of their field of interest .
I am convinced that it is charming to analyse a problem and to study it from many different points of view .
This will give people a strong opportunity of improvement and of growth , both as an student and as a future worker .

Specializing in one topic , and leaving all the other subjects , is a very strong challenge , and actually it is a risk because you have to take a decision about the main field of knowledge you are going to develop probably during you whole life .
But , if you like challenges , probably you will obtain higher aims .

Life is full of choices , and this is a very difficult choice for you career , and for you life .
But I think that challenges and choises make life colourfull and funny .
I do agree with the statement , that advertisments make products seem much better than they truely are .

But do the producers of the products really have another option ?
These people want to sell their product as often and as efficient as possible , which of course is understandable because this is what they do for living and also our modern century offers possibilities to make a product look perfect , such as TV or the world-wide-web .

So why should n't they make their product look brilliant ?

We all have experienced the following situation in one or the other way once in our life .
Imagine yourself coming home from a strenous day at work and all you want to do is relax with some good food in front of the TV .
You switch the TV on , and there is a commercial about teeth whitening toothpaste and additional material .
The commercial shows a beautiful woman , which is now , after using the bleaching material ONCE , even more successful in her carreer and private life since she has bleached her teeth .
Throughout the entire commercial she is smiling and having a good time and so the person watching this scenario naturally wants to indentify with her and wants to get the life she has .

After buying the entire bleaching material that is offered in the drugstore around the corner and going trough the ritual of testing everything , you will soon find out that it does not work out quite as well as it did with the woman on TV .
So you do it over and over again , and than after a while you notice that whenever you eat something cold or extremely heatened your teeth start hurting .
And there you have it .
This is not what they tell you in the commercial .
White bleached teeth and hurt go together .
Every dentist tells you that bleaching and exaggerated bleaching can and will harm your teeth .

I think this story is perfect to show that a product at first sight might seem perfect to you .
It concentrates on wishes and plays with desires you naturally have , for example , the wish to fit in a certain way of life , the desire of having a successful carreer and finding the love of your life .
The products promises more than it can really give to you , so of course you are disappointed if you do not get , what it has promised you before .

So my conclusion is , look behind the advertisement and do not believe everything because the real word differs from human dreams .
It was five o'clock and I was sleeping on my confortable bed in my home .
Suddenly , I woke up crying and screaming .
I could n't believe it , I had had a bad dream .
Before , I realized that dream had a profound effect on my feelings .
The dream was about a trip where I got lost and there was nobody next to me .
I was afraid !! .
I agree with the statement that says that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
The reasons why I agree with that are my personal experience of traveling alone and the cost

First , one of the reasons to travel with a group is my personal experience .
I went to Brazil alone and I did n't enjoy it so much .
I realized that I do n't like traveling with no people .
All the trips should be done with people who you care alot .
Moreover , I would like to visit others places like Bolivia and Chile , both countrys from South America .
But , I 'd go with my close friends .
One who spends with their relatives or lovers have fun more than one who spends time alone in a foreign country .

Futhermore , the cost is another reason why I think that taking a guide for your group trip is a good idea .
Visitors spend more money going by themselves to an unknown place .
If you have a guide , he or she is going to tell you where you should go to eat delicious native meals .
Also , he or she can tell you the cheaper restaurant in the city or town .
In adittion , everytime you travel with a group , the discos and taverns are the favorite places to have fun .
There , you can dance and drink all you want with less money .

In conclusion , the best way to travel is with a tour guide .
He or she can show you where to go , where to eat and where to have fun without paying big amount of money .
Other way to travel is doing it with a group .
To be in a foreign country alone is not agood idea because something could happen to you .
Moreover , being with your bestfriends or maybe with your family makes the trip more exciting and unforgetable .
Is it more important for students to understand ideas and concepts or is it more important for them to learn facts ?
In my opinion it is more important to understand concepts and ideas for several reason .

Fortunately i had the oppurtunity to experience high-school in Germany and in the United States of America .
In Germany there are no facts asked in test or exams .
Moreover you absolutely will not find any multiple choice questions .
In juxtaposition to this multiple choice questions and remembering facts is basically all i did while i was in Chicago .
I never really had to work with the facts i memerized .
Today I can say I forgot almost everything i have learned in the US but i still understand the concepts and ideas that were taught to me in Germany .

Another reason why it is more important to understand concepts is the following .
A person that is able to memerize a lot is not necesarilly an intellegent person .
So it is possible that a rather unintellegent person gets higher grades in school than person that has a high IQ if only facts are asked .
In my opionion the studying facts should be rewarded but you should not be able to achieve a very high grade by just memerizing facts .

My last and most important point is that understanding ideas and concept prepares you better for your work life .
All these facts you might have learned in school will not help you if you cannot work with them .
And the first step to work with them is to understand the main idea .
Understanding the main idea makes it also a lot easier to memerize it .
So from understanding concepts you pick up facts anyways .

i believe if you understand the ideas and concepts you will memerize the most important facts anyways .
Therefore just memerizing facts is a less advanced way of learning .
As a consequent of this it makes it more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
In the industralized world , it is a common practice to advertise different products in order to generate as much profit as possible .
This method is used in different ways like television , internet , newspapers and magazines .
A close look at these advertisements will unveil the negative effect that they have on the consumer .

As a matter of fact , most advertisements are based on profit making .
The products are shown by their advertisors as the ultimate solution for a problem .
For example , a detergent company may resort to showing the negative effects of using another material and suggest the use of their product .
This logic is not based on a scientific approach .
It stems from a an irrational and inhuman desire in profit .
To make things worse , some companies would not even advertise the real product .
Instead , they only display a sample and sell a completely different type of product later .
Therefore , this method pushes customers to be more aware of advertisements .

Another factor that explains why products are not shown as they actually appear in reality is the ineffectiveness of the product itself .
For instance , in the car industry , any advertisement of any car will ensure the buyer of the reliable vehicle , but reports made by different consumer agencies have shown the misleading ways that the advertisement relies upon .
The company , for example , will not stress the importance of the engine , but they will show the luxurious interior of the car .
As a result , consumers are trapped between what 's real and what 's not .
A lot of people lose their money because of what they saw on television and a lot of warnings of those misleading ads have been shown .
Also several courts legal agencies hve long debated whether companies should not lie in those promotional messages that they support .

To conclude , consumers should not take advertisements as they are .
A more rational approach to propaganda should be adopted .
I consider much of the advertising companies an obstacle in face of the true human progress .
I personally agree that people have to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , this beliefe emerged from what I have noticed and experinced in this world such as the information revolution , which made the information easy , fast , and available without extra time and mony , its becoming essential to have an idea about many academic subject rather than only yours .

There are so many reasons to agree on the said statement , but will try to summerize some of it .
The whole world has become a small village and what ever happened on the extreme north will be known to those in the extreme south in jsut a second .
In certain occasions a person might face lot of incedences in which he/she will be either a part of a discussion about his/her specific background at the job location , or in social gathering with familly and friends .
On the other hand sometime and in our dynamic lives we all face in certain occasions a place where they discuss about new academic subject like for example the prices of energy sources and the availability of the oil and gas alternatives , for how long they will continue dominating the energy sources , therefore if you are a medical doctoer you should have some knowledge about it since also this subject affect our life .
Being an engineer today , you must get a degree in business adminstartion in order to compete in the market .
Pharmisits who are working in the distribution part of pharmositcal companies have to have a degree or solid experinece in buisness namely sales and marketing .

Nobody can deny how important is the wide knowledge at this time .
Schools has taken mojor steps to expand the knowledge of thier students and make them ready for the coming sophosticated future in which things are moving very quickly .
This is a very important reason for parents for example to widen thier knowledge to be prepared to answer thier children questions .

One thing to emphasize , is that its not neccesary to have always a double major to be in line with the new developments , but it very important that we all know how to use internet for example and to know which refernce we have to use in order to either answer a question out of our special subject or participate in a discussion that might take place either at the office or elswhere .
The author suggests the young people enjoy life more than older poeple .
I neither agree nor disagree with the statement .
I believe it purely depends on the mind-set and the personality of the individual himself than it does on his age when it comes to enjoying life .
A pessimist in his prime would surely not enjoy life as much as an optimist who is in his old age .

Generally considering , a young person is not burdened with responsibilities and thus has a carefree life compared to the one led by older ones .
Thus , he would enjoy his life more than does a older one .
Also , enjoyment is an abstract word .
One may find enjoyment in partying , hanging out with friends doing all sorts of carefree stuff while others may find enjoyment in their work .
Thus , it is hard to say a person is fully happy when he is in a community gathering enjoying himself .
Also .
it would be incorrect to say that a person is not enjoying when he is seriously involved in work .
It just depends on what one thinks is enjoyment .

As it is , young age is the most enjoyable part of one 's life as a man is healthy without any ailments or diseases .
Thus , even in medical terms , he is well equipped in young age and thus , can enjoy life more .

When one grows older , one may find fulfiling his responsibilities to be a happiness .
Thus , he will be happy and may be more happy than a young person as he has no more responsibilities to fulfil .

Some people enjoy challenges .
Thus , when such a person encounters challenges and finds all possible ways to win the situation and starts applying these to his problem , he may find his life more joyful and more enjoyable .

I will conclude this essay by reiterating my stand that , enjoyment of life depends on the perspective of the individual than it does on his age .
Whether understanding ideas and concpets is more important than learing facts is a good point to discuss as there many talks going around regarding changing the study patterns in many universities .

I believe that it is very inportant for student to understand ideas and concepts because the main aim of education is to gain knowledge .

The student goes to school/university in pursuit of knowledge which is based on concepts and ideas .
The facts cannot be understood or related unless the concept behind the fact is known .
For example , one can enjoy beauty of ranibow , but cannot understand how it is formed unless he/she knows the laws of dispersion .

Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts will help student to focus on the studies .
The facts can draw student 's attention in many directions that will not help him gain enough knowledge and depth about the subject .

The understanding of ideas and concepts will help improve thinking ability of a student in right direction .
It can help student concetrate more on any subject .
The ideas and concpets are usually scietifically proven things which makes them are trustworthy .
With only facts , the students can only guess about the reasons behind the facts .
No one can answer the reason behind apple falling down from tree without explaining law of gravity .

The next reason for me to support this point is that understanding ideas and knowledge can make student organize his/her studies in timely manner with proper focus .
This would help a student to gain sufficient knowledge about variety of subjects in a given academic year .
If the students concentrates only on facts , he/she will not be able to pay attention to all the subjects taught in the curriculum .
This will narrow the future scope for the students .

Lastly , I feel that understanding ideas and concepts can help students to come up with new reasearch on certain things happening around us .
The students can form baseline with the help of ideas and concepts already known and can explore the unknown things .
thruogh their research .
This can result in many further developements in our life such as new medicines that are more effective , technology to help improve our day to dat activities , etc ..

With all thes points , I strongly feel that it is more important for stduents to understand ideas and concepts than to leearn facts so as to gaim more knowledge about variety of subjects wihtin give academic time which can help them to broaden their future scope and carrier .
I strongly agree with this statement .
This is for various reasons : First , the mere learning of facts is boring to most people , thus leading to lack of motivation and concentration .
Understanding the underlying ideas and concepts on the other hand is more interesting to most students .
Plus , once they have understood a certain concept they often feel proud of themselves which gives motivation for further learning .

Moreover , once a student has developed an understanding for the basic ideas of a certain issue , they are not likely to forget what they have learned as fast as they would had they only memorized facts .
Plus , students who have an understanding of the matter can answer questions more easily , and are even able to answer questions that go beyond the mere facts .
Thus , from a didactic point of view , understanding ideas and concepts is far superior to learning facts .

Now let me give you some examples supporting the statements which I have made above .
Let us take a look at the physics of a flying ball .
Students can either just memorize the formulas or try to understand why the ball is moving the way it is .
Simply learning the formulas is not interesting at all as they consist of only letters and numbers .
It is easy to forget that the x was squared or that what a certain letter meant .
On the other hand , trying to understand the cause of the movement is a much better idea .
Students learn that there are different fundamental forces that act on a flying ball .
They can now draw a picture showing the directions of the forces acting on the ball and retrieve the formulas easily form their sketch .
If they were now given a different problem of moving objects they are also able to indentify the forces and thus deduct a set of formulas describing the motion .
Had they only learned the formulas of the flying ball in the first place , they are not very likely to be able to handle a different , but similar problem .

Another point I would like to make is the fact that once someone knows the underlying concept of a problem , they are also able to explain and to pass on what they have learend to other people .
This is again due to the fact that they are able to answer questions going beyond mere facts .
I totally agree with the above statement that says `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' because younger people can be much more active than older people .
Young people can enjoy all the entertainment in the world whereas the older people would have to think twice before doing anything .
Young people can play sports such as soccer , tennis , baseball and the list goes on whereas the body of older people dont permit them to take part in these activities .

Young people can travel around the world and see ther different cultures of different countries whereas older people dont have the stamina and will to travel so much .
Young people can try and find ways to increase their standard of living by working and doing jobs whereas older people have no choice but to live the rest of their lives in the same way .
The young people go to clubs and bars and make new friends whereas old people just sit at home and probably watch television .

The social life for the young people is much more than that of the old people .
Young people can do all sorts of adventures like rock climbing , sky diving or bungy jumping .
These things are totally restricted for the old people .
The young people are much more excited and energetic than old people .
The young ones look forward to the upcoming days and events whereas old people just gaze around at their homes lazily and have no future plans .
The young people have future aims and goals in life but the older ones have already lived thier goals and dont look forward to anything in the future .
Young people have all the time in the world to gain fame or earn money whereas the older ones are almost through with thier lives and dont bother about fame or money .

Finally , I would like to conclude by saying that the young people can dream big and then take steps to achieve their dream but as for the old people go , they might have dreamt of something big and some of them might have even converted those dreams into reality , but now they can only dream about thier past and recall thier beautiful moments of the early times .
I am totally agree .
In elementary school teachers show an old way to learn about everything , specially areas of study like history , literature , geography , philosophie or civism has taken by students like a bunch of names , dates and facts that they have to memorize .

Nowdays I figured out that memorize facts is not the best way to understand .
In Graduate School I had the oportunitie of take a lot of understandable classes that I can still remember .

The best way to learn and understand at the same time is doing more than one reading , consult more than one book or one opinion about something so you can have more than one point of view .
For example , if I have to investigate about Modern Architecture may be I can talk about La Ville Savoye of Le Corbusier in Poissy , France , 1929 .
But the only thing I am doing there is taking some information that already exist and writing it down in my paper .
That is just a transcription .

But in stead of that if I try to understand the philosophical fundaments of the Modern Movement , the reasons of Le Corbusier that made him design a diferent kind of building ( never seem untill that year ) and explain the origins and reasons of this architecture I will surely explain to everybody , including mysefl the results of my investigation making not just remember it but know the who , when , and most important of al , the why .

So I definitly think it is more important for students ( and for life if you think a little more about it ) to understand ideas and concepts .
It is known that a good student is the one who can explain himself all kind of concepts that the one who just has memorized a lot of information that ast least its worthless .
I agree with the general statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .

Young westerners are more likely to study in universities than were their parents .
These studies are often organized in such a way that during school year , little time is left for non academic endeavors .
It is often perceived by students as a challenge to manage one 's involvment with non profit organizations , just to take an example I am familiar with .

Furthermore , society as a whole has changed .
Back in the old days , it was common , even in big cities , to find local communities people were part of and participated in .
Districts were akin to villages where pretty much everyone knew each other .
It definitely had a provincial twist that has been lost since , and which some older folks I know do bitterly regret .

Nowadays , these local communities , this common sense of civic involvment , are much rarer .
Big cities have become increasingly anonymous , it is not uncommon to find entire buildings where neighbors do not know each other and seldom greet when they meet in the staircases .
The sense of community has waned , just like the one of benevolence .
As a consequence , young people have become less prone to helping people they increasingly consider as mere foreigners .

Finally , young people , in their attitudes , their value systems , their dedications , illustrate what society holds dear as a whole .
It is my opinion that consumerism , materialism have taken over part of what spirituality and religion have lost .
It is now commonplace to meet young people who spend time most of their free time entertaining themselves .
Unlike societies where being involved in the community is a requirement for being socially accepted , in many parts of the western world , it is not so anymore .
As a consequence , the young feel less pressured by their peers to engage in helping their communities .
Watching TV , playing video game , calling friends on the cell phone , these are the activites that define the
The humankind always should invent and use new products to be the modern person therefore using new products is an impotant aspect in humankind 's life because it could harm the humankind .
I personally do n't agree with idea of making the product advertisements much better than they really are .
These are my following reasons .

First of all , The humankind always need to intelligent in different situations but not selling the bad product with a very nice advertisement to sell more than they plan to .
All the people would like the product advertisements which are most of lie .
For example , I have listened and watched to an advertisement of a new toothpaste that showing the new product as a very efficient thing for your mouth health .
But when I had listened to the radio I have figured out that the new product is a just typical toothpaste that do n't have any additional ingredients rather than the regular toothpastes .
In my opinion Humankind should do more important things that could develop our generation rather than selling typical products with good advertisements .

In addition to this , The humankind should'nt believe to the advertisements that are not lying on proofs , For example , A person wants to buy a shampoo that he has got used to but he sees a new product that is the half price of the shampoo he got used to , Would n't he just try out once because of the price no matter his or her budget is .
In my opinion we all do try it once before we buy the product wer used to buy .
This is a very efficient point that a lot of people have been missing or ignoring .
Not only the money but also the power of it could do whatever the product owners do .
For example , Have you ever seen an expensive new product in markets .
The new products are always the products which are cheaper than a dozen .

The last but at least is that the most important thing we should not ignore is education level of the people because of believing the new product 's advertisements .
It has been always a stereotype that the cheap new products have no difference with regular products .
In my opinion if the humankind needs and wants to reach higher , they should educate the people rather than telling them lies about unnecessary product advertisements .
Not only this generation or the next but also a lot of generation is going to live in this world .
That 's why we should start to change our attitudes to reach higher .
I 'm not telling that people should not do things such as these advertisements , They should do with in a circle of limits .

All in all as I said before , Humankind have more important things than making advertisements for new products to make them better than they really are with advertisements which could be the most efficient aspect to catch people 's eye on .
The long and short of it is that the humankind should be interested in more important things rather than advertisements .
In my opinion , in twenty years , it is more likely to find a larger number of cars on roads than we see today .
Cars which were a luxury a few decades back , have become more of a necessity today .

As more and more job oppurtuniies are being made available to the people , standards of living are definitely on a rise .
This is the case , specially in the developing nations , as the economies are growing .
With more money , more number of people would be able to afford cars and thus , be using them .

Also , most of the families which are financially well off , have more than one car for the family .
Typically , each member of the family owns a car of his own , as soon as he or she can drive one .
This trend seems to be catching up , lately .

Moreover , with the rise in population , we need more and more land to live on .
This has resulted in reclaiming areas , which were not in use before .
Thus cities a becoming bigger and bigger , with their suburbs getting densly populated .
As people prefer to stay in the suburbs , for reasons like , cheaper resourses , more area etc. , most of the major offices are still found in the main city .
This requires , people to commute long distances .
Travelling by public transport is not an idea a lot of people consider , when they have a car at home .
Thus , the use of car is increasing further .

With advanced technology , many car companies are coming with cheaper and more affordable models of cars .
Such cars , since they need lesser maintanance , have contributed to the increased number of cars that we see on the road today .
Atleast for the next decade or two , this seems to be a possible trend .

Also , traffic problems have been often associated with the increase in the number of cars on the road .
To avoid this , many companies have also come up with two-seater models .
These cars which are small , make manoevering in the crowded streets a little easier .
In the years to come , we can definitely expect to see a lot more of these cars , flooding the streets .

Thus , in the next twenty years , the number of cars in use , are most likely be higher than what it is today .
It is a bad news , considering the fuel shortage that is expected in the very near future and not to forget the pollution that so much traffic would eventually cause .
We need to be prepared to handle it or the governement needs introduce laws to control its effects , before its too late .
The world is already aware of the harm that the industrial revolution has made to the atmosphere .
Since it is an issue of worldwide importance restriction policies are implemented in the most developed countries .
Until new technologies will be discovered , unfortunately thos restriction policies will not work .
There are few reasons for this .

First it is evident that with the growth of the quality of human health , people will live longer and so the number of human beings on earth will considerably increase .
Thus the number of potential car drivers will increase allso .
Even though countries will try to limit car use and develope public transportation the development of human socities combined with the globalization will creat a bigger need for cars all over the world .

The developing or underdeveloped countries will need cars and all the new possibillities provided by cars in order to develop their economies .
Almost all the African continent will need motorized vehiculs in order to create a strong economy and ways to trade with their neighbours .
Moreover if we look at the recent boom in the Indian and Chinese economy we may suggestt that in twenty years those two great countries will also be the first car importers as their populations are the greatest compared to the ones of any other country in the world .

As the average conditions of living of the populations around the world are slowly and enequally increasing there are still some countries that did not undergo the industrial revolution .
I t seems quite obvious then that there will not be fewer cars in twenty years .
There may be fewer cars in the occidental countries as Europe or the United States or at least they will be less polluting .

As a conclusion I would say thay even with the best will of the politics thr car is still a product that is not only usefull but also beautifull for some people .
It can be used for a lot of different purpouses and as a lot of people like to show off and live in great luxury , the car will not disapear in the next twenty years .
I disagree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn fact .
There are several reasons to explain my point .
First of all , I believe that it is necessary for students to learn facts first , which will help them to grasp knowledge and make them get a sense of feeling of what they 've known about the world around them and help them to perceive their own ideas .
Ontology and epistomology are the basic elements for human beings to understand the world and the reality .
It is especially important for students to learn facts .

Secondly , I think it is equally important for students to understand ideas and concepts and learn facts .
As ideas and concepts are coming from the facts that leart , they are correlated with each other .
Students cannot fully grasp the ideas or concepts if they lack basic knowledge of facts , on the contrary , facts are meaningless if ideas and concepts could not be understood .
For instance , the idea that hungry cats will more porbably catch moving objectives like birds and mise than the ones that are full could be fully understood only if students got an idea that cats prefer mise and birds as their food , which is the common sense .

Thirdly , understanding facts will better enable students to grasp ideas and concepts and help them to put the idea and concepts into practice .
Take another example to illustrate this view , the fact that people will fail down easily on an icy road will help students better konw the ideas that it should be careful to walk on an icy road , and the experiment that erosion will decrease the possiblity of failing down and spliting salt water will increase the melting time of ice will make people carry these concepts out in reality so that the road will be much safer to walk on .

In short , it is in a rush to say that understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than for them to learn facts .
From the analysis above , we may conclude that understanding ideas and concepts and learning facts are interacting with each other and hold the idea of they are equally important will help us better understand the reality and the world around us .
It is a well-known fact that cars are one of the major causes of pollution nowadays .
However , will we give priority to the environment over our own good and comfort ?
On the one hand , there is a current growing awareness of the terrible risks that poses the pollution which has been generated throughout the last decades .
Knowledge about what is beneficial or , on the contrary , harmful for the society is increasingly being spread among both youngsters and adults by ecologists .

On the other hand , people living today will not be alive to see what the world becomes in a few centuries .
Therefore , they do not really seem to be affected by the issue .

Personally , I consider that twenty years is very little time to make people get used to going on foot to work or to using public transport .
We are still in the era of technology .
As long as new cars are invented , there is not way to stop people buying them .
In fact , the more the sellers offer , the more the customers demand .
Thus , the evironmental situation might even worsen by that time .
Let 's take my father .
He cannot avoid buying the last model in the market .
He is passionate of cars !

Despite the fact that we are aware of the threaten that this uncontrolled use of cars poses to our healths , people are likely to continue with their lives as if there is nothing outside there to worry about .

But people will soon realize that there is a real need to stop polluting .
Otherwise , pure air will totally disappear and we will not be able to breath .
Even though I do not think that two decades is enough time to concious people about this worrying issue , I believe that politicians will get to an agreement in which they will look for the population 's protection , since it is an issue which concerns us all .
For instance , a good measure to be taken would be to put a ban on driving a personal car more than twice a week .

From then and on , I am positive that people will think it twice wether to drive a car or to take the bus !
In general I would not agree on the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Obviously , it is necessary to learn some fact at the beginning of your carreer .
You cannot understand ideas concerning maths when you do not know that 1 plus 1 results in 2 .
But I think it should not be the primary aim of our education to learn facts because the world has to be developped by us in the future , too .
This is not possible when someone for example just learns the theory of Albert Einstein by heart , shuts down his book and begins with something new .
He has to learn it and then he can start to think about it .
Posing some questions concerning the theory - talking to other students to get to know their opinion about it and afterwards creating his or her own ideas which are based on his knowledge .

Perhaps this process could end up in a new product combining the learned facts and the own new ideas .
As a conclusion it is in my point of view as important for students to understand ideas and concepts as to learn the basic facts .

This statement can also be connected to other topics of our society than maths of physiks .
We all know , that the most important fact is to realize an idea if it is done .
This is definitely impossible when you are not able to speak the others language .
You need to learn facts ( the foreign language ) and afterwards you can share your own ideas with everyone .
By this way it can surely be realised .
So you can say , that there are two basics existing - the learning process and the creating process and for the biggest success both have to be combined in the most efficient way .

Every student should have basic knowledge in several topics and the more knowledge you have , the better you can understand existing ideas and create your own ones .
Life is a jorney !
To measure enjoyment , one really must look deeper into the lives of people and determine what actually enjoyment to people .

I do not believe in the statement , ` Young people enjoy life more than older people ' , as different people have different ways of enjoying life .
Just because one is old and does not have the strength and energy levels as those of young people does not mean that enjoyment in their life is over .
My grandfather was a very happy man untill I knew him .
He had lived life to its fullest and always wore a smile .
He always enjoyed sitting reading a book on that old antique arm chair of his .
I do not believe that is much of a way to enjoy oneself but it was for him .
He may be deprived of hearing but that did not stop him from watching the television .
He simply looked at the moving pictures , drew his own conclusions and had a good time .
He took enormous pride in smoking the best cigars and tobacco pipes available in his era and enjoyed the fact that he could afford to do so .
What is there in it to be so happy about ?
But that made him happy and he appreciated it .

Young people may well be able to do a lot of sporting activities such as rafting , trecking among other thrilling tasks .
They may be able to attend disco-techs all night and play sports they enjoy at higher levels but that does not mean all the happiness and enjoyment in the world .
Old folks may listen to old classics and enjoy themselves more than being at a disco even in their prime age .

They may enjoy the extra relaxation time they get after retirement and do a lot of things they had in mind that could not have been done while they were young .
They may be able to enjoy their family life more than ever before , especially playing with their grandchildren and seeing them grow up .
One does not get to do all this in his younger age .
Imagine all the excitement and memories they are missing out on .
This does not mean that all of a sudden older people enjoy themselves more .

Old people may look bored and weary but they according to me are enjoying life the most .
My grandfather actually told me of all his childhood experiences and was so happy in doing so .
Even the little things mean so much to them and its these litlle things , that we fail to notice , that bring unimaginable joy to them !

At the end of the day it all comes down to , ` different people , different lives and different ways of enjoyment ' !
`` Being young at heart is more important than being young in age '' .
I disagree to the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Lots of young people of late do not look at life the way it is supposed to be taken rather are carried away something that is unreralistic and is only depicted in certain views .

The older people who have seen the hardships of life as well as the unexpecting situations of life and lived up to the expectationsof themselves as well those relying on them at that time , are more likely to enjoy their life as they have lived up to their duties and have passed the test of life in hardship and endeavouring times that the unpredicting future has had in store for them , on the other hand a younger person in the present third world where competition is the very word for survival .
The young who is now at the crucial stage of the life with lots of demanding responsibilities resting on his shoulders and the dreams to be realised and pinnacles to be reached , goals to be accomplished to save his face in his view as well as those who count on him , looks at the life and the obstacles in the path only with the view of overcoming them but not with a view of apprecitaion that the troubles and tough times are not forever .

In the attitude to win the situation the young often fail to appreciate the beauty of very trivial things which indeed have in them a abundance of happiness which rather the smart and patient old would view and appreciate it for what it is .

A research scholar who has seen a lot of work in his time and been through testing time of lack of results probably enjoy his work with a more optimistic view and would device more ways to make it work rather than to sulk and lose interest and patience in work as most of the young are most likely to do .

A old person for example consider a dextrous surgeon who has understood the real meaning of life and the importance of the role he is playing in saving a life enjoys the work he does due to the perfection he has achieved of late and also the underlying role he plays , where as a young and new learning and practising surgeon looks at the situation only in terms on his development and fails to realise the hidden satisfaction and happyness of work that a aged surgeon gains in a similar situation .

Thus the real meaning of enjoying life is existant in the very minute details it brings in front of us , which when viewed with a optimistic and a patient view appear more meaningful than with a pessimistic view .

Age definitely is not the criteria that determines whether who has fun or who enjoys life but its the importance of appreciating things and looking for positives in every little thing is the real enjoyment of life .
The question whether young people enjoy life more than old people cannot be answered absolutely .
It varies from person to person .
There are , however , several factors that speak in favor of the thesis that this is indeed the case .

There is a mental , a physical and a historical aspect to this issue which I want to use to support the thesis that in general life is more fun when you are young .
In order to do so , I first want to assume that the difference between old and young is a question of age in years and secondly that the persons to be compared live in similar condidtions ( other things being equal - basically ) , which are not extreme .

First the mental part .
An important influence on the daily life of a youngster is the fact that he thinks he still has a future .
Whether he sees it as something entirely good or bad does not matter , extreme cases excluded , there will always be hope and hope leads to a positive attitude towards life .
An old person has a different perspective .
He or she will see life more in the retrospective view and will therefore see more often the chancec forgone , excluding the few very lucky people that have always taken the right choices of course .
So generally , young people will have a better mindset than older people to enjoy life .

The second point is about health .
Young people are more healthy as their whole body is in a more dynamic state and better able to heal or develop in the desire direction and to enable them to a broad range of activities .
Also the chemical balance in the first 20 or 30 years favour a more intensive spectrum of feelings - although , admittedly , to both sides .
The elderly on the other hand have to cope with limitations by their body .
We become sick more often as well as our strength decreases .
This is an important fact to keep in mind when comparing age and youth .

In addition the former and the latter subject are interlinked as the saying `` mens sana in corpore sano '' suggests .

Thirdly the historical aspect .
In the past the world has changed only slowly and periodically whereas in todays world change becomes an ever increasing and determining factor in daily life .
The ability of companies to survive is increasingly determined by the ability to cope with change .

And so it is with young and old people that have to live in this world .
Young people are able to learn and adapt better than old people whos experience becomes outdated at an ever increasing speed .
So the development of the world favours young people more than old people .

So mentally , physically and culturally young people have better chances to enjoy life .
The most important point to remember , however , is that you are only as old as you feel and that age is not a question of years .
There is no rule that you cannot stay young mentally when you are getting older ( at least not to a certain degree ) , that you enjoy your body , having accepted its limits and that you try to keep up with change .
When you manage to do so , you stay young - and enjoy life .
Enjoying your life is very crucial because you only have one opertunity .
Some say that they enjoyed life more when they were young and did not have any worries .
Others say that only in age could they realize what they really wanted and could enjoy their life to a full extent .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older ones .
To explain my view I will give an exaple of an unhappy young person , who was not able to enjoy her life and then I will give an example of an older one who did .

A friend of mine who finished school together with me was just as clueless as I was when deciding about what we wanted to study .
We both decided to take a year off .
This year was supposed to give us the oppertunity to discover more about ourselves and realize what we wanted to do .
I took this seriously and pushed myself to make a lot of new experiences , which have now helped me to decide about my future .
She wanted to enjoy her life .
She partied and drank as much as she could because she thought that this would be the right way of satisfing herself .
However , she was wrong .
She now realized that that was not what she needed .
She had not been mature enough to see what she really required to make her happy and to enjoy herself .
In this case more maturity would have been of great benefit .
One the contrary to this in the last couple of weeks I had gotten to know many old people who did know how to enjoy themselves .

I started to work in a nursing home for older people .
There more than anywhere else I have aquainted people who are in really bad situations but still know through their lifelong experiences how they can enjoy themselves .
One specific example would be a 87 year pld woman who had a stroke and consequently had to lie in bed the whole time .
Most young people in this situation would be terribly unhappy .
She lives with her fate and any time you enter her room she smiles at you .
It is easy to watch how small things can make her enjoy herself imensly .

The two example that I have made show that enjoying yourself has nothing to do with being younger .
I do admit that not all old be know how to still enjoy their life .
However , they are ofthen in a far worse situation than any young person is .
In general I think that the more experiences you make the more you learn about yourself .
This brings on a process of maturing , which shows you what is important to you and how you can enjoy yourself .
For many people around the world , travelling is a very precious opportunity to widen their perspectives by seeing totally different sights and meeting different people people with various backgrouds .
Thus , making effective and productive plans for travelling is actually one of the key procedures in travelling .
In numerous cases , the travel agencis offer very effective travel plans with their years of know-how in the industry .
Therefore , I personally believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide from a travel agency .

First of all , when one travels to a foreign place , the safety issue becomes very important .
Esapecially in famous tour sites such as Paris , Rome and Madrid , there are a great number of thieves who can easily rob a tourist .
It can be protected to a great extent by travelling in a grooup led by a tour guide .
There is high possibility that tour guide knows a great deal about the local situation .
Thus , one can travel safely in a group with tour guide .

Secondly , it is very hard for travellers to plan an effective schedule as he or she is not familiar with the visiting site .
The tour guide can solve this problem .
With more experiences and know-hows , the tour guide will show the tourists around the must-see sites with the most effective transportation options , helping the tourist not to waste their time wondering around the city .
For tourists the time they stay in their visiting place is extremely precious .
By using a tour guide system , one would be able to save much more time than travelling alone .

Thirdly , by travelling in a group with a tour guide , one can meet with various travellers with the same interest in the visiting site .
It is actually a great opportunity to meet a new group of people and share one 's feelings and perspectives .
Whether it is a beautiful scenerie or a renowned monuments , one can share his or her feelings about them with the people who had the same interest in that very place .
Sharing feelings and opinions while travelling can really enrich one 's mind and make that particular travel more worthwhile .
Personally I 've witnessed mamy cases that friends who met each other during their travelling often end up dearly cherishing their friendship and memories .

In conclusion , with these noticeable benefits of travelling in a group by a tour guide shown above , I strongly believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
It is usually admited that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Because of their youth , people enjoy life doing many things like travelling , going to night clubs , seeing friends .
They often do not have health problem to deal with .
They can make sport as much as they want .
They believe that they have the whole life in front of them , that everything can be done .
Youth is the time of positive believes .

Contrary to this open state of mind , old people usually believe that they are too old for doing things they used to do when they were young .

However , I believe that it is not because someone is young that he or she is going to enjoy life more than someone older .
It depends on the people .
We are all different and we all live our life the way we want to .

As an example we can take an overwhelmed situation : a seventy year old person , who has many energy , who is open - minded and happy to live , eats well-balanced meals , who has always done sport in his or her life , can enjoy life more than a twenty year old one who spends his or her time in front of television as a couch potato , who has got neither friends nor job and feels unhappy .

Furthermore , an old person can have accumulate much more money than a young one .
Thus if money is important to live for both people , the older one would enjoy life much more than the younger one .

Finally , a sixty year old person does not have to work anymore contrary to the twenty year old one who , then , do not have the time to enjoy life as the first one does .

As a conclusion we can say that it is not the age which makes life enjoyable or not , it is rather the people , their way of living , of thinking ...
In my opinion , every people in good health can enjoy life .

Last but not least , we all have different ways to enjoy life .
When success is involved i tend to find myself disagreeing with statments relating to the measurment of success .
When defining success and how it is obtained one realises that different methods and many underlying factors take a toll on the general outcome of any ordeal .
To simply encase a method of success into a vague statement is a contadiction in itself .

To find success is to define it according to each mans wants and needs .
For one person being successfull is to constantly change and to constantly adapt to the surroundings .
This gives him the offset of a `` jack of all trades '' .
He chooses to experiance all but master nothing .
And as such he also finds adversity in the decisions he chose to define himself as .
One would benefit from the adaptivity of such a persona , but might suffer from the instability of such a lifestyle .

Accordingly so , others might find themselves proud and in tune with the aspects of their personality which they have deemed powerfull .
It is another form of strength which benefits from gaining great wisdom and a more decisive approach to the lifestyle they would deem as successful .
Knowing ones faults and unwillingess to adapt creates a form of security and purpose in life .
But might also negatively affect a persons weaknesses when a forcefull unpredicted change in enviroment is brought about .

In conclusion , any strive to achieve success no matter the method should be considered a valiant one .
It is those who invent themselves and push forward with their actions who are successful no matter what the situation is .
Knowing that there is no guidline for success and there is only achieving content after effort will bring about instant glory to any man or woman .
It is that strive to maintain your identity which determines if you obtain your goals .
Therefore it is goals which define success , and it is only obtaining those goals that should consequently matter .
Nowadays there are lots of selections or attractions for young people to spend their leisure time .
I agree with this resolusion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

My primary reason is that they are indifferent from their communities .
Especially where I live , in Tokyo Japan , young people are not interested in their enviroments .
We do not know even our neighbors .
It is totally different from the old era in which people used to help each other .
In this era , we have the system , what is called , Goningumi .
It consists of 5 neighbors .
This 5 menbers must help each other .
For example , at funeral the neibors have to be receptionists and make dishes for comers .
This way of thinking to compensate each other still remains in my hometown , but it is definetely decreasing .
The communication among people is getting lower and lower obviously .
It might be because of the invention of internets .
We do not need to communicate neighbors actively .
We can buy or enjoy thorough the internet even in case of emergency .

The core family is also the evidence for their indeffrence .
They like small group .

Another reason is that the system of society can not allow them to help their communities .
I mean that young people have to aquire the up-date skills to catch up with the improvement of the computer .
The content and how to use new software is developing day by day .
Then they tend to consentrate on studying at home , and consuquently they do not have enough time to help their communities even if they are willing to .

For these reasons , I agree that young people nowadays don not give enough time to helping their communities .
This might be because of us .
We had better encourage them to devote our community more .
`` Everything was better In former times . ''
I guess all young people know sentences like this from their parents or grandparents in particular with reference to the opinion that young people nowadys do give enough time and energy to supporting the communities they live in .
But is this true ?

In my essay I will debate , if peolpe spend enough time and enery to helping their community .
In particular I will highlight why the help of young people is bitterly needed as well as why also young people would benefit from helping their communties .

In my opinion young people , particularly teenager and twens could and shoul help much more in their communities .

Firstly , I think , nowadays budgets of communities are often almost empty , and as a result , much help is needed .
Lots of municipalities do not know how to provide services , e.g. for older peolpe - preventing them from isolation - or for children .
The only way of providing these social services often is unpaid work of residents .
But as far as I know only less young people are interested in providing time and effort to help their communities .
They are more interested in having fun , traveling and planing their carrer .
E.g. in my hometown almost all people working unpaid for the community are older than 50 .
Hence , I think the quality of community life would benefit from an increase of engagement of young people .

Moreover , I think also the personal development of young people would benefit from an increased social engagement .
Nowadays young peolple - at least in Europe - often take anything for granted .
They are not aware that we all depend on support and that lots of the things they take for granted cause much work .
By doing it on their own they would learn to worship this work .

Taking all these points into consideration it can be stated that young peolpe increase their engagement for several reasons .
Bot , the communities as well as themselves would probably benefit from it , however , it will need some time to realise .
I most certainly agree with this statement .
As a music teacher myself , of course I want my students to learn their facts , but it is more important for them to understand it .
I believe that a student should be able to understand what they just learned because that is why we learn in school .
We go to school to learn and understand the materials to apply it to our lives .
If a student did not understand something , then they are not going to be able to use it in life .

The best way of knowing what they have been taught is asking them to use it .
If they can not use what they had learned , then that means they do not understand that certain topic .
It is absolutely pointless for a student to go to class and just memorize facts .
To understand something means you can use it , teach it to someone , and be able to go further than just '' memorizing '' the facts .
To me , in order for any student to excell is for them to be able to use what they know .

I am not saying that learning facts are not important for a student , but sometimes there is no point in teaching that topic to the student if it means they do n't know what just happened .
A student can walk in a class and ` learn the facts ' , but that student will come back out with only facts .

For example , there is a math student who just learned all the numbers of a problem .
Sure , he knows all the numbers , but how in the world the numbers got to where they are is a completely different matter for the student .
That is why teachers today take time to pull things apart and explain them in details .
This situation can happen in any class .
Poetry can be read and the students can read it and learn the vocabulary to only read a poem .
Although to go through the details of the poem would be much more effective in a student 's literature skills .

I do not agree that facts is all we should learn about in life .
There is much more to learning than just facts and statistics .
Being able to truly understand what was taught is the same as saying , `` okay , I know how to use it now and it definitely makes more sense than just memorizing notes . ''
Christopher Columbus was the first European to discover the continent America .
He was an explorer .
I thinkt it is quite evident to everybody that in order to reach his aims he had to take a lot of risks and finally , although America is not India , he succeeded .
But is it always necessary to take risks in order to be a successful person .

With regard to this question the first thing to come into my mind is that there are actually a lot of people who are highly successful without ever taking much risk in their lifes .
I am talking about people who have a pleasant childhood , who have nice parents that are aware of their responsibilty of being parents .
Parents who care about the education of their children .
Mostly those children have fewer problems at school which means they have better marks and therefore are allowed to study on well-reputated universities and finally become for example high-paid businessmen .
They never take much risk and still become successful .

Moreover I am not sure if it would not be better to focus on your strengths .
Michael Porter for instance affirmed , that companies should rather focus on their competencies instead of trying to enhance their weaknesses .
In my view that is applicable for human-beings .
You probably could be much more successful if you try to enhance your already existing skills than to start to learn new skills , and of course that is less risky .

But on the other hand there is no denying the fact that there are numerous examples , like Kolumbus , which proof that a certain amount of risk is a premise for success .
That for example can easily on the stock market .
The stocks that yield the highest profit are also those which can cost you a lot of money - they are highly risky .

And of course the exmaple of the businessmen is only some kind of a stereotype .
Often one has to make difficult decisions in order to reach one | 's aims in the working life .
Decisions always equals potential risk .
Suppose you get a challenging high-paid job offer in Asia .
Then you could jump on it taking the risk of going into a new country and being exposed to strange and maybe unkind people or you could deny it and stay in your homecountry earning an average amount of money leading a normal life .

Taking all the relevant aspects into consideration I reach the conclusion that it is always a trade-off .
You can either be successful taking no risks an relying on your old skills or you can be successful taking a lot of risk by going a new and different way .
Therefore I cannot totally agree with this statement .
In my opinion I feel that there would not be as many cars as there are today .
There are several reasons to justify my statement .

One reason , I feel that in another twenty years or so there would be fewer cars is because of the very fact of increase in population growth .
For example , In this present situation the popullation of people have increased in billion and traffic has increased too .
this discomfort the people travelling as they spend precious time in traffic jams .
Hence , many are opting for public transportation as driving your cars in the present traffic situation is more of a discomfort than pleasure .

Secondly , technology is developing to a huge extent and in another twetnty years or so i am sure we would have more convenient transport which is faster , reliable and comfortable would be used .
so people do n't have to worry about the traffic jams involved .

Another reason that i feel that there would be fewer cars is because the medium of fuel for cars is petrol or diesel and this being a non renewable source , it has to be used judiciously .
A point would come when people themselves realises the importantance in conserving these non renewable .
In that particular movement i am sure the number of cars would gradually decrease .

Furthermore people would have to start using more ecological way of travelling as the pollution is increasing day by day and when the number of vechicles increases , so does the pollution this would be harmfull for the environment .
For example due to the chloro fluro carbons our ozone layer has a huge hole which allows harmfull ultra violet rays to penetrate , thus leading to skin cancers and melting of the ice caps in the antartic region , gradually increasing the sea levels leading to many islands sub merging .
Gradually the government would realises the harmfull effects and introduce other means of transport .

In addition , Fewer cars are expected to be in the next twenty years owing to the fact that in twenty years people might be intrested in other gadgets that could take them around .
As we know as human we are intrested in owing the latest gadgets than being happy with the gadgets we own .
For example the latest addition is the flying hanover craft - this basically gets you to near by places .
Perhaps in twenty years we may have other gadget which would ultimately replace cars .

To sum it it up i feel that in twenty years or so we can expect the number of cars to go down due to various reasons like pollution , depletion of non renewable resources and technological improvement .
Although many people think older people cannot enjoy life as much as younger , I think they can .
Often one thinks that old people are bored .
Almost everyone can talk about Grandma looking out of the window the whole day watching unknown people passing the street .
Of course not all Grandmas do that .
But what about the younger ones ?
Is it not true that a lot of them sit in front of a TV half a day and watch unknown persons discussing in a talk show .
Would not many consider watching TV to be amusement ?
The Grandma at the window might as well have fun and probably she thinks the younger ones are bored because they need to watch TV .
Maybe for her the man that passes by all day at 10:30 and is always in a rush means a big fascination ...

Still it leaves the point that not many old persons are observerd in discos , rock concerts or in the movies .
But the other way round not many young people are seen in theaters , hiking in the nature or in the cinema when the old Western movie from 1950 is shown .
Maybe drinking a tea in a silent undisturbed atmosphere is great enjoyment for the older , while younger prefer to drink a coke with loud Rock music in the background .
There are of course many more examples , but those are rather dependant on the lifestyle and personal likes and dislikes people develope while getting older , than to the total amount of enjoyment they offer to differently aged groups .

In my view it is a bit too general to discuss just old and young , it just does not take into account the many varieties life has to offer .
Each person is individually different and general views might fit for many but not for every single human being .
Nevertheless as discussed above I think that there are different ways of enjoying life and those are quite different , if compared to people at different ages .
But ultimately the level of enjoyment people get from life does not depend on the age and is therefore equal for the old and young .
In general , the purpose of the advertisement is to increase the customer 's custom .
Therefore , the advertisements are usually quite over expressing about the products ' properties .
First of all , because a person who plans the advertisement is the person who wants to sell the goods , the advertisement follows the seller 's intention .
Since the seller desires to sell as many as goods as s/he can , the advertisement sometimes even exaggerates the character of the product .
Hence , although the impression that advertise makes is not exactly same as that of the product , the customer has no way to figure out the fact .

Moreover , the advertisement is limited in either short time or rooms to express the character of the goods .
As a result , the sellers need to point out all the strong points of the product and express those under the limited condition .
Due to this limitation , the seller would not present the unbeneficial sides of the product on the advertisement .
On the other hand , the customer can accept only the shown aspects on the advertisement and loses opportunity to evaluate the goods in various views .

In addition , the skills that are used in the advertisement affect on the impression that customer receives .
To make an effecient advertisement , the seller uses some skills to take a good-looking picture and computer graphics such as photoshop .
Thus , the image that comes out on the advertisement might look like more attractive than it actually look like .
The customer , however , just accepts that impression as it is because s/he does not have any clues to judge the product in other ways .

In short , as the advertisement is made by the product seller , it tends to follow the seller 's intention and therefore , it makes the goods better than really they are .
Also , as it uses fascinating skills to gain customer 's attention more , the customer can be easily tricked by the impression that shows up on the advertisement .
Hence , to maek a good decision , the customer should have certain value to judge products that are represented on the advertisement .
I do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
For me , enjoying life is not a question of age , it can depend on society , freedom and possible activities .

In a hedonistic society , an elderly could enjoy as much life as a middle aged man or even a child , for they would all live for fun and for the moment .
Indeed , carpe diem is a motto who could make an old person enjoy even more life than a younger one would .

Freedom is also a factor for slaves , prisonners or a paralised man can not enjoy life as much as a free man would .
To be albe to move and do what you want to do when you whant to do is esential for a full enjoyment of life .
Adopting this point of view , it is also possible to add money as a criteria to enjoyememt of live .

Possible activities is also a major factor .
By saying activities , I refer to cultural activities , in direct opposition with survival activities such as eating or sleeping .
To have nothing to do will not allow you to enjoy life .
This is where the conflict between young and older people reveals itself , for some say that older people have less numerous and interesting activities than the young .
I would argue that it is untrue .
I must first claim that the number of activities itself is not essential , as long as monotony and boredom are not reached .
The interset of the activities is a different matter .
Young people , and I must admitt that I include myself , commonly find that activities destined to older peolpe are less interesting .
Added with the fact that older people usualy addmitt to miss their activities they dissmissed a long time ago we can think that the statement is true .
On the other hand , if we ask to older people if they would start their old activities again , most would refuse .
We must see that activities for the younger are not banned from the elderly , it is them who no longer want them .
Activities are more or less interesting depending on the point of view .

Hence we may say that enjoying life is not a matter of age and that older people may enjoy life even more that young people if they encounter the right conditions .
The statement refers to the difference between understanding and illustrating .
I partly agree with this statement .
Being able to analyse as well as understand ideas and concepts is a crucial part of academic achievements .
Understanding concepts do not only confers students the ability to analize a situation but also to adapt this concept to other contexts .
Indeed , the role of a concept is to provide a broad base of understanding .
This intellectual exercise is part of the process that enable the student to switch from theoretical considerations to practical considerations .
This process is possible only through the concepts .
Consequently I think that we should consider concepts as more important regarding the fact that they are part of a constructive process .

We have seen above than the concept is a precious tool for the understanding process .
However , this tool must first be understood in itself .
And at this stage , factual elements remain crucial .
A concept is reliable only if it is illustrated by facts .
Therefore , I consider as also important that students learn facts because it represents the only way to understand concepts .
For example , a concept has no value without a broad factual basis .
Therefore , facts are important too for students .

As a conclusion , I would say that understanding concept is more important for students as a way to be able to analyse a situation .
However , factual elements seem crutial as a way to understand concepts .
My consideration on the comparative importance of the two elements would be to consider them as part of a unique process .
Thus , considering concepts without any references to factual elements seems useless .
Also , considering facts without joining it with concepts make any global operative approach imposssible .
Sometimes they believe that learning facts is important for students .
However , I agree with the statement .
This is because understanding ideas and concepts is prerequisite to learn facts and because learning facts itself would not have menings .
I will explain these 2 reasons .

First of all , understanding ideas and concepts is prerequisite to learning facts .
Student would not be able to understand what the facts mean if they do not understand ideas and concept .
For example , suppose students listent to the news of first degree murder case .
In this case , students only know `` bad person was arrested by the police '' .
They have no idea about what the `` arrest '' and `` first degree murder '' means .
It is not useful for educating students .
On the contrary , if they have already studied the concept of some legal term they can understand the case better .
Thus , they may be interested in law and they want to know law more deeply .
This is the effect of understanding ideas and concepts .

Second of all , learning facts itself would not have meanings .
Facts have meaning only after ideas and concepts are understanded .
For instance , suppose that students are taking class .
Speaking of history , if we just know `` President Washington is first president of United States of America '' , this is just `` fact '' .
But for the students who do not have any ideas and concepts about it , is this fact important ?
Who cares about it ?
They should not understand importance of this fact ( this would be easier to understand if students are not American ) .
However , if students understand ideas and concepts of `` independence '' `` President '' or something , that fact can become important one .
As a result , studets can study effectively .

Of course , I do not think learning facts has no meaning .
Rather , it will be helpful to student who are interested in outer world .
All in all , though , I strongly believe that understanding ideas and concepts is more important that learning facts because of avobe-mentioned reasons .
Have you never observed general behaviour of a group of people , let us say a school class ?
If you have , you probably distinguished some particularly shy students , some other more quiet or polite .
Among these behaviours , you surely have been able to notest the most brave one , the one who did something that nodoby else did .
This is the leader .
The leader is , for instance , the student who have the courage to tell the professor about something inconvinient .
If we bring this situation out of the school , we can say that the leader , the successful person , is the brave one .
Thi means that those persons who have never the courage to try something hard , different and new , have few possibilities to succeed .

One reason for wich I believe that brave people are likely to be successful is that they normally love challenges , and challenges are opportunities to learn .
A genuine curiosity also characterizes brave people often .
Curiosity means aquiring a wide knowledge , which a good starting point of a successful life .
On the other hand , those who never pluck up the courage to measure themselves against challenging situations have few possibilities to enlarge their skills .
Moreover , such a behaviour reveals scarce curiosity and features people who are not willing to learn and improve themselves .

The second reason is that successful people definitely need to be self confident , and brave people necessarly are .
In fact , a successful life is often the result of many successful battles .
In order to win all these , people must be confident in their abilities .
I consider brave people to have this approach when they chase new challenges .

In conlcusion , I definitely believe that a brave approach to challenges is required from those who want to be successful in their lives .
Brave people are not frighten of the events that may occur , and this approach in my opinion is the right one in order to lead the situations .
I think that the question to either have a broad knowledge of a variety of subjects or to have a good and specialised understanding in one subject is a difficult one .
I agree with both of the points to some extent .
First of all , it is important for a younger student to have a broad knowledge of many subjects .
Schools , in particular primary and secondary schools should try and give their students a broader overview of many subjects .
This is also important in the younger years of a students life , because most of the students have not decided what they will do in their future life .
They are not really sure what they are really interested in and in what area they want to specialize .
When it comes to secondary schools , students should be given their first choices , based on the knowledge they haev already obtained .
They should be able to limit their subject choice and cut down on the number of areas where they have to study in .
Of course , this would also result in deepening the knowledge in the subjects chosen .
When it comes to the last two to three years of school for students , they should be given lessons in only the six to seven areas they are really interested in .
Whereas , I think that certain subjects do not even have to be taken .
Currently , Mathematics , German , a second language , History or Politics and Biology , Chemistry or Physics have to be studied .
I think this is not needed , as different students of course have different strength , not only in life , but also in their academics .
I have attended a German `` Gymnasium '' until Year 10 , where we were not able to make any choices whatsoever .
Studying 16 to 18 subjects was not an exception .
I have also attended an Australian school , only studying 5 subjects .
The coice was widely open and no Mathematics or languages or any subjetcs were required to be able to do your exams at the end and gain university entrance .
However , for certain university courses , students also had to take certain school courses .
One such example would be Medecine , where students had to have Biology and Chemistry , as well as taking the UMAT test , to see if they are suitable for such a course and also later on such a job .
I think this is a successful approach for students , which not only gives them the motivation they need in school , but also the requirements to successful results at the end of their school time .
On the side , we also have university students who have to be taken under consideration .
Of course they are a different matter altogether .
I hold the opinion that the less subjects they take and the deeper they go into details in their study , the better it is .
At the beginning of a three to four year study period for their first degree in that area , university students should get a bit of a broader overview of the area for one to two semesters .
In that period of time , they get the time needed to see what specifically they want to do and with what exactly they want to continue .
The rest of the remaining study period , university students should be prepared for exactly the field they are interested in and want to get a working place later on .
This is neccessary to make sure that every one of the students is really good at what they are doing and can prepare well for their choice of job .
This would give the university students not only more choices from which they can choose their courses , but it would also prepare them better for what they will do later in their life .
It would also be a positive criteria for employers when they take people , because then they can be sure that they know what the person is doing and that the person knows as much as possible about what he or she is doing and also the background information that is needed .
Time and money is saved as well , as people come into the workforce and do not have to get an introduction how everything works over a long period of time .
Therefore , I would say that there is not a totally clear answer to the question , but the tendency in the later years of education for me is towards a specialization in one , maybe two subjects .
In our daily life we encounter advertisement frequently .
It starts by listening to the radio in the morning , continues on our way to school and does not end until we switch of the tv or computer at night .
Advertisment - that is so many things : billboards , tv spots , commercials and so on .
And the reasons for it ?
Well there are two significant reasons : for one thing to inform about a product but first and foremost to attract customers to buy the product .

In my opinion the majority of advertisements make their product seem prior to its actual status , but in our time of life it seems like it has to be like that .

I am aware of the huge number of products there are for any purpose anyone could have .
So therefore I can understand the marketing agents , when they try to get just a little attention for their product .
Suggerating an impossible result seems like a well-working marketing tool - if the buyers can take it with some humor .
Red Bull for example : The drink is supposed to help you to be able to fly .
Obviously , consumers know that this promise is over the top , but when this drink first came to market I also thought this idea was funny and I tried the drink .
Or take the example of the Snickers bar .
In a recent tv spot the producers claimed that this chocolate bar would give anyone who ate it magical super powers .
Of course this is not true , but it is a humorous way to attract attention .

The only time I think this kind of marketing strategy is not appropriate is for medical supplies .
In my opinion medical supplies , like special technical appliances or medicine ( prescription drugs ) should only state the features of the product that it truly has .
Otherwise it would be life-threatning .

To sum up I can say that most advertisements make their product seems better than it actually is .
But in my opinion everyone should , if he or she is not sure of what the product is really about , get more information and get aware of possible hazards .
I agree with the statement and general idea that most adevertisements make products seem much better than they are .
The reason for this lies in the reason for the existence of the advertisement itself .
Advertising is a tool used to lure consumer 's into buying a product .
Given the means and tactics used to lure consumers and to make products more appealing , I agree with this statement .

If a given product contains any minor flaw , this is never reflected in the advertising for it .
Consider the governments ratings for motor vehicles .
Not a single piece of advertising for motor vehicles would state things like `` rated most potentially hazardous vehicle in its class '' or `` lowest fuel efficiency . ''

In certain types of advertising , products may be accompanied by other things that make the product more desirable , but these things are not included with the product .
This is intended to mislead and confuse any potential consumer .
A perfect example of this can be found in nearly all advertising used to sell toys , specifically action figures .
Most kids are playing in very well crafted worlds with their action figures .
However , the kids do not percieve or do not realize that the action figure will probably not be as much fun to play with in his or her living room .
The consumer is mislead .
Any indication that only the action figures is the item at hand is relatively unnoticeable .

Blowing up and exagerating qualities and results is the most common method of making a product seem much better than it really is .
Infomercials make up most of this trend .
They promise things that happen in a small number of cases but which are not generally the case .
Weight loss pills and medications are advertised using results that are atypical and are intended to mislead consumers .

As we have seen with these three clear cut examples , advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
They cover up or fail to mention any flaw with a given product ; they present products in a way in which they are much more appealing ; and the strongest evidence that supports this statement is exagerating it
I would like to think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
However as far as I am concerned , this is very unlikely to happen .

The only solid argument that I can find to defend the reduction in the number of cars is that due to the lack of gas and consequently the increase in its cost , people will buy less cars .
Nevertheless , people are so used to have a car that in my opinion it is more probable that we will move to electric cars .
Furthermore , what would happen with the big car manufacturers ?
I think that they would find ways to keep people buying cars .

Another fact that we have to take into account , is the growth of cities .
Things are further and further nowadays and there are few policies trying to increase the use of public transportation .
Therefore the use of car becomes very important .

It is also relevant to measure what cars imply .
They are an evidence of economic power and they provide independence , a feeling of freedom .
Are people going to renounce to those feelings ?
Honestly , I do not think that teenagers are going to reject their only source of independence .
The same way people in their fifties will keep buying sports cars .
Those are traditions that have become too relevant in our society to be changed in only twenty years .

What about the new powerful countries like China ?
As the salaries increase people tends to consume more .
China is a new market willing to buy more and more cars as its citizens can afford them .

For all the reasons sated above such as , the power of big manufacturers , the new demand in countries like China , and the role that cars currently play in our society , I do no think that things will change in twenty years .
I strongly agree with the idea that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Actually I think that trying new things is the most important thing to do to become successful .
If a person tries new experiences and discovers new things , then he or she has the possibility to learn to do those things very well and to develop them becoming successful in doing those things .
As a result this person would be considered a pioneer by other people in the `` area '' she 's working at .
For example , to become successful a manager could find out a new way of running his business : for istance he could try to improve the methods of working , to decrease costs or to make people work harder by using promotions .
This manager would be recognized as a successful person because he has discovered a new way of working that allows the factory to save money , time and to do better .

Moreover I believe that successful people are used to taking risks more than other people do because of their enthusiasm for new situations and because they have an optimist view of the situation that they have to face with .
In fact being an enthusiastic and optimistic person helps to face new situations and helps working out good solutions to problems .
For example , if a manager strongly believes in what he is doing , I 'm pretty sure that he will achieve his aim ; if this manager stongly believes in his decisions , he wo n't stop working when he will meet difficulties or problems , but he will work harder to find a solution and go on doing what he has planned to do .

In conclusion , I completly agree with the statement above and I think that only successful people could improve and bring new aspects in the world because doing always the same thing , though it is well done , does n't bring , in a long time , new ideas and consequently improvements at all .
I completely agree with the statement , I always stood by the saying that `` Variety is the spice of life '' .
Things have to be dynamic to be interesting .
What would you want to watch ?
a thundering waterfall or a pool of stagnant water .
The people who meet success realise this very well , even boredom has to be credited partially because generally when you 're bored you try to find a new source for inspiration and chances of an idea turning into innovation arises here .

Since money has been a long time scale to measure success let me use that scale , I say business .
The men who have ventured into new fields have excelled and have been credited for both their money and idea .
That 's one of the major reasons that we see that the Forbe 's list is generally dominated by the people who have invested and worked in new age business arenas rather than traitional ones .

Innovation does n't always calls for drastic changes , its not only about the end product but also about the way in which the product is manufactured ( operations , logistics , strategy , tactics etc ) .
The general perception that adventuring into unknown territories is more risky than moving around your own house does n't always hold .
The first person to start a new venture will have the maximun potential and the the word exclusivity plays a big part here .
A known field is always full of competition and rivalry - which does compensate the comfort of familiarity .
So risk as a matter of fact is never absolute and should always be judged by the magnitude of the outcome that it can trigger .
We have to remember that had the risks taken by people have helped us advance .
A sailor 's risk resulted in a great country , a soldier 's risk resulted in the end of tyranny and a doctors 's risk resulted in a saving a life .
Considering the developments regarding energy sources in the past decade , I can say that this statemnt would prove to be true .
The increasing scarcity of petroleum , the lack of progress in introducing alternative fuels , and a growing consciousness of people to use public transport for their daily activities would all lead to this outcome .

Although scientists and many politicians have talked about the incoming shortage of oil since the early 1990s , we have actually felt the first sign of a bigger crisis in the years to come as the barrel price of oil reached over $ 70 last year .
It is now known that the disputed areas and countries with weaker ties and interests with the globalising world could shake the whole world with limiting the production or distribution of oil as Iran did it last year and Russia did when it refused to pump oil to Ukraine and as a result to the rest of Europe .
These high fluctuatins in oil prices will be even higher in the coming future and many middle and lower income housholds would afford at most one automobile or maybe none .

Recently , the introduction of alternative fules for cars has been a hot topic and even some hedge funds have moved in to invest in these projects .
However , aside from some substances that can improve the performance of gasoline and lead-free oil , there is no real progress to replace petroleum based motors .
Electrical motors can only be used in conjunction with the traditional motors and help increase the mileage of the car .
So , with no replacement , oils seems to be remain the main source of power for autos , in accordance with the argument I made above , rising oil prices will still make these technologies unattractable .

As a result of the above mentioned reasons , more and more people as well as conscious governments adapt public transport .
Especially subway systems are becoming more and more popular with citizens and local administrators as they provide a fast and comfortable way of transportation without being an extra burden on the city traffic .
For longer distances , high speed trains provide speed even greater than most autos and a comfort out of the chaotic highways .

The change from automobiles to other means of transportation will be hard and many people will try to resist at first .
However , when there will be no other way out people will definitely give the right decision and leave their beloved cars .
Just like football players understand the strategies of the coach , but they do n't understand how to apply these plans they will still lose the game ; just like one may know the techniques of painting but he or she does n't know how these techiques would create a real pictures or he never saw a picture using these kinds of techniques , he still can not draw a beautiful pictures ...
As far as I concerned with the topic stated above , I wo n't agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and comcepts than it is for them to learn facts .

The reasons go as follows :
To begin with , as we all know the ideas and concepts are usually more abstract than the facts .
It is more difficult for the students to understand at the beginning .
If the students can know the facts first and then relate the facts to the theories , it is easier for them to understand deeply .
It is always the case in the study fields such as economics , maths , physics .
Perhaps everyone may have the experience that the professors will explain the theory of movement in the physics lesson by telling the facts at the very beginning .

Secondly , when we think deeply , we will ask ourselves : what are the ideas and concepts serving for ?
Of cause it is served to apply to the daily life , or more accurate , we use it to explain the facts .
So how can we know the concepts without knowing the facts ?
For instance , students know the idea of the transportation of the electonic but they do n't know about the facts that this theory is applied to make the telephone , what 's the purpose of knowing the theory concept .
The ideas and concepts become more valuable only when they apply to our daily life and improve our life quality .

Last but not the least , the ideas and concepts today may not be correct just like the theory of nature seletion and evolution were not true long time ago .
So the students need to know the facts and compare the facts with the idea in order to verify and make sure if it go with each other .
It is also very important for a student to challenge the existing ideas using the facts they know .

In a word , I think it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts at the same time .
In my opinion it is better and gives you more advantages having broad knowledge of several academic subjects than specializing in only one subject .
This can also be seen in daily life : It 's always good to have common knowledge .

To have a wide information pool can connects the single knowledge of each subject .
This gives a good way how to manage problems and solutions in a certain subject .
For example in my study electrical engineering and information technolgy , if you have knowledge in a subject image processing you gain more advantages in mastering the other subject computer vision since the two subject share paralle and almost same information .
That means by a broad knowledge the single information of each subject completes each other .
That way you , the knowledge holder , have different aspects and views how to solve a problem as an engineer .

Nowadays it is really essential to have an interdiscipline knowledge as a researcher .
The classical thought of having one product in only a specialzised subject region is not up to date .
As a researcher or engineer you might have to provide a solid interdiscipline knowledge basis in order to do work out your research or doing your job .
Taking medical engineering for instance , this subject for its own consists of several other subjects : you need to have knowledge about medical parts and engineering aspects as well .
E.g. in order to procede minimal-invasive operations as a doctor you must not only know the way how a human body works , you also need the knowledge how to manage those surgical instruments like a laparoscope , endostitches etc .

Last but not least by having a wide knowledge information pool you can work out problems as well in a team build up of different researchers .
For example , the team with people having wider informations on different topics and subjects can better communicate with each other since the interfaces between them is provided by having a broad knowledge .
That way communication problems concerning stuffs from different nature can be handled easier than not having those interfaces .

For me as a result of those mentioned facts I think to have a broad knowledge is very crucial nowadays in order to competete with others researchers and mostly to interact with them easier .
The foremost business philosopher in America Jim Rohn said , `` To survive in the twentieth century you have to know more than one skill . ''
Today , life is changing at a very high pace and more than ever before .
The computer age which revolutianized every possible aspect in the world has gotten us to what we call the age of knowledge where to specialize in one specific subject is not enough in order to fulfill one 's self .
Therefore it is better and imperative that one gets specialized in more than one domain for economic reasons and personal reasons .

Everyone wants to lead comfortable lives and have a safe future .
Most of us want to be rich .
To do so , nobody is going to be specialized in only one field because now , and more than ever , all fields are related to another .
For instance , let 's take real estate .
An investor who wants to invest in real estate has to have an education in business , law , finance , banking , and even construction .
If this investor is only familiar in business , how can he know about taxation policies , or about which kind of construction material to choose from ?
Therefore , a knowledge in more than one subject can prove a valuable asset when it comes to increasing wealth .

To seek knowledge is everyone 's personal ambition .
The process is tough and lifelong .
It requires a thirst for learning and a hunger to seek the many truths which our world stores .
To have knowledge in a lot of subjects is a virtue in society .
It gives reputation and instant recognition .
Take a company that wants to hire a new employee and that has the possibility of choosing two candidates : a person having a business degree who has worked only in one kind of firm all his life , and another holding the same degree who has worked in many differenet trends of business .
The company should choose the latter since he 's been exposed to the world more than the other candidate .
Also , having an idea of a lot of subjects can be self satisfying since no one can laugh at the person or try to trick him .
The world is filled with cons and crook men .
If you 're limited to only one type of education , the chances of you being cheated are very high .
Therefore having a broad knowledge in many domains can be rewarding on a personal basis .

To sum up , being involved in more than one subject is much better than being only involved in one for many reasons such as economic reasons and personal reasons .
Today the world obliges us to invest our time in education since it will affect our living conditions .
Being more knowledgeable is also rewarding in that it gives a good image and reputation and can serve as a defence against cheating .
And the most important thing is to keep learning , keep living , loving , and leaving a legacy for others to follow .
I belelieve that the following statement is true .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today because of the high oil prices and the new inventions discovered by technology .
But I believe some inventions will keep the cars alive but with few exceptions and changes .

In the early 1990's the production of cars have recently started .
Since those years cars have been a production to the world wide industry and a famous traveling comfort to the world .
The worst fact about the car is the liquid it needs to consume in order to run .
That liquid is called Petroleum which mostly many cars need to use in order to work .
Oil has been the primary source of energy for cars to start its engine .

So many cars around the world have been produced at a high amount which equals the same amount of oil being purified and changed to petroleum for cars .
Mostly every car gives out a deadly gas that it dissolved into the air .
This makes air pollution occur and at today stage the world is suffering from a great jeoperdy of killing the enviroment with these emissions .
The oil produces a very bad gas that is released and covered in the air .
Mostly many trees around the area can cover it up with oxygen but with the cars being produced at a fast pace problems will occur .

The enviroment is already suffering from air pollution also some countries have already suffered the air pollution and as the outcome many citizens have to go out covering their faces because they could get killed .
It is proven a fact that if you stay in a room filled with the gas car produces you can get killed because of the oxygen taking up less space .
The whole world is looking at it as a great problem because it affects the enviroment greatly .
It is increasingly making the wold suffer greatly .

I believe that the best solution to the problem is to stop the production of vehicles that produce heavily disturbed gas .
Mostly the older cars from the 1990's give out worst emissions than cars today .
Most new companies have to create a different source of energy for cars .
In the world today the production of hybrid cars have started and it is a healthy car for the enviroment .
It doesnt affect the enviroment at all .
Also that in the end oil is about to become extinct because we are using it for almost every energy production .
Oil will not exisist and cars will have to run over a new energy source like hybrid .

In conclusion I believe that in twenty years there are going to be less cars because of the enviromental problems it is causing and the oil becoming extinct .
Even though new inventions of technology is being discoverd the official car of today will be not used much .
The new technology will change the cars status so it can gain benefits for both the humans and the world 's enviroment .
Young people do enjoy life more than older people do .
In my opinion , young people take more chances and risks , as well as they try to experience numerous things when they get a chance .
This because they have been presented more options in life , they are not as careful with their health as older people are , and they like to try new things in every occasion they can find .

Life has evolutionized and changed in many aspects in this last century .
Young people like to take chances and go for what them want .
They tend to look beyond what is presented to them , and go beyond what is traditionally expected .
Sometimes the choice of something new and different may not be there , but young people will look for it , they will expand their horizons and go further out their boundaries .
Old people have more traditions to follow .
Family values are strongly present in their daily lives , so they have to follow certain life styles that young people are not very interested in .

When taking a risk , their is always a fifty percent chance it might work or it might not .
That is what taking a risk involves .
Older people are most conservative and might be more afraid to take a risk .
A young person is starting his or her life , and might see things differently .
They could see their future as an uncertainty for the present time , and might be less skeptical to go for it and take the risk of losing something .
Different than older people , they might not have a family to provide to or worry about .
They might only need to worry about themselves .
The value of things is less important , because it might only have a monetary value , and not a sentimental value .
This because they are young and have not been around for a long time .
Older people might appreciate things more , since they have been here for longer .
They apply more value to things like a bracelet or ring , than just a financial price .
A young person might think that if they lose it , they can replace it from any jewelry store .

Some experience comes from practice .
It can be practice that takes a long time to achieve or simply practice that can be learned quickly by doing it a lot in a short period of time .
Older people are supposed to have more experience than young people .
But it might be in fewer areas .
Young people like to experience new things and try differrent things .
They are more open and know that the world has many different things to offer , so they try most of them or as many as possible .
They are young and healthy , which allows them to travel easier , and eat more ethnic foods .
In the other hand , older people have to take better care of their bodies , since their health is more at risk .
They ca n't travel long distances and might need medications that are not always available everywhere .
So they are not able to enjoy life as much as young people can .
Having a broader knowlege of many academic subjects helps a person to have a wider information of the things present in the vast world that he is lives in .
It keeps him aware of the facts and helps him deal with problems with a wider perspection .

On the contrary , specializing in one subject on a particular area keeps him localized and makes him narrow minded .
Furthermore , it makes him lose the self confidence while dealing with situations that come to him unexpectedly .
He feels enclosed and lost in this world of varieties .

For instance , I have a friend whose mother is a teacher and has studied History , Geography and English .
When I see her deal with the problems related any of these fields with complete easiness , it makes me feel that she is very confident of herself in whatever she does .
While I also know another teacher who has specialized in biology and has confined herself to the world of biology alone .
I completely agreethat it defintely is a difficult task studying a specific subject alone and specializing in it , however the advantages my friend 's mother has over her is obviously more in number .

Receiving a broad knowledge on a variety of topics does not mean specializing in it on studying for it .
It can also be achieved by mere reading .
This is one reason why we are adviced to read newspapers .
It helps us keep ourselves up dated with the incidents happening around us in this world .
Reading books or magazines or any piece of article for that matter doea not go vain .

Schools and colleges also include a variety of subjects for the students in their academic programs in order to make them self confident and train them to face the hardships and obstacles they will come across in their future life .

I stongly feel that having a broader knowledge of many academic subjects is definitely more advantageous than the specializing in only one subject .
It makes a person strong and helps him live in this challenging world with full confidence .
Every trip is different , and every trip should be different .

Some may see guided tour groups as an effective way of missing the actual `` spirit '' of a place , be it an archeological site , a small village off the beaten path , or a modern urban centre .
Tour guides always seem to be in a rush , and not really interested in supporting the creation of an emotional link to the place you are visiting .
They just repeat a bunch of facts , dates and statistics , compressing what took may be hundreds of years to be made into a five minutes `` instant memory '' .

You better bring your camera , if you are to tell yourself later that you actually put your feet on the famous place you so badly wanted to know .

That might be the point of view of a youngster , a man in his early twenties , ready to take on the world and its many hidden treasures .
But what if you are a fifteen years old girl with a free ticket to any destination , or to that matter a fifty years marriaged coupled ready to retire for a while ?
Is it that clear that they should go and endure a whole trip , with its many surprises and probably challenging moments ?

Tour guides should not be regarded as the only way to gaining access to a particular destination and its features , but as a key agent in getting in contact with the place and people you are visiting .
There are different types of guided tours , and you can always get some literature about the place you are traveling to .
Be sure to choose the tour that fits best your actual desire and capacity to visit a foreign wonder .

It 's always better to try and get a local onto your side .
Sometimes they 're really open , and interested in helping strangers to get to where the real fun is .
And as long you find a common language to use with them - even a sign language - they 'll take places not included in the most popular lists , but sure to make your experience a lot more authentic and enjoyable .
I believe learning ideas and concepts is far more rewarding for students than only learning a bunch of meaningless facts .
Specially as the student start to progress in his knowledge , ideas and concepts should become more and more relevant than facts alone .

Even though the normal process to reach a concept or idea requires us to learn facts before understanding them , it is clearly of higher importance to understand the concept as whole .
In fact , understanding the concepts is the only way to apply all the facts we learn .

For instance , in my working experience I have noticed how two different persons aproach problems .
The first one tries to memorize the solutions and does not care about the underling reasons of the problem .
The second one reaserches the facts for the superior task of understanding the problem as a whole .
Clearly the second one always comes with new and suported ideas on how to resolve the situation , however , the first one is always talking about specific information that does not help the solution at all .

Another example of the higher importance understanding ideas have over learning facts is the following .
When there is a complete understanding of the concept you can apply the same concept to a similar situation regardless of the different facts you may encounter .
Addittionally , the sum of ideas and concept can even form a more complete and complex reasoning for a wide variety of situations .
On the contrary , the sum of facts would not lead us to the same aplication regarding diferent situations .

The fact that ideas and concepts are of higher value is the only fact students should have on their minds as they progress in their knowledge .
I definatly believe it is more important for studentes to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
If someone only knows a lot facts ( like dates , names , locations , time periods etc. ) , he is definetly predestined to be the next candidate on the show `` Who wants to be a millionair '' .
But if he does not know the supporting ideas and concepts that actually connect all the single facts to a logical whole , he is of no greater use for anything else .
In my opinion , it is our understanding of ideas and concepts that determine our ability to think analytically and to develop new ideas and concepts of our own .
I therefore agree with the statement .

Students go to school and to college in order to get prepared for their professional life in the future .
In most cases , their career will not depend on their knowledge of certain facts but rather on their ability to understand and grasp the WHY behind those facts and eventually create something new on their own .

Consider a business economics student : If he is going to work in some business in a free economy , he needs to be able to understand for instance the competitors ' success with a particular product .
It does not help to do that the competitor produces that product and that it successfull in doing so .
Rather it is necessary to understand the concept behind the product , that makes it successfull .
In other words , he needs to know WHY the product is sold so well .
Therefore , it is important that students learn how to analyze facts and situations .
Accordingly , teachers have to emphasize on critical thinking and understanding rather than learning by heart .

Now consider a biology student .
If he wants to work for the research and development department of some big pharmaceutical company , he must sooner or later be able to to improve existing medicine or even invent one himself .
He can only do so by firstly understanding the illness and what it does to the human body .
Or he has to understand how an already existing medicine works and in which ways it could be improved .
The former student therefore relies on his ability to understand a concept in order to improve it or create a new one .
Again , this clearly shows that it is most important to train students to develop a keen analytical sense .

These two examples can only give a small impression of how important understanding ideas and concepts is in contrast to simply learning them .
But I am sure that focusing on understanding will help any student who wants to work in a challenging surrounding .
Advertisements occupy a big part in our lives as the every communication tool that we use ; such as televisions , internet and newspapers gives advertisements of many products .
Even if we do not want to admit that advertisements cannot direct our shopping preferences , most of us are affected from the advertisements we see .

First of all , the advertisements affect our shopping preferences in a way that we prefer to buy a product that we have heard before .
Most of us do not want to pay to a product that we have never heard of because we do not want to take a risk .
Advertisements make a product known by the community and knowing a product causes us to trust that product .
As a result , we prefer to buy a product that we trust .

Secondly , we think unintentionally that the products investing high amounts of money to advertisement are really qualified than the products that do not make any advertisement .
For instance , The Coca Cola Company really spends a huge amount of money to make advertisements all over the world and its products really make good profits throughout the whole world because we all assume that cola produced by the Coca Cola Company is better that any other cola that is producerd in our hometown .

Lastly , advertisements can present an innovative product .
We may not realize that we need such a product until we see its advertisement .
For example , cell phones are used by many people all around the world and every day we learn a new feature that is added to cell phones by means of advertisement .
We realize that a cell phone that can play songs is necessary for us only after we see its advertisement .
In fact , we do not need a cell phone that can play songs , but advertisements cause us to think so .

In conclusion , advertisements make a product seem better in a variety of ways and cause us to buy that product .
`` Give me ten young Indians and I 'll change the world '' - Swami Vivekananda

I strongly believe that young people are the backbone of any community and I disagree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The first participation will always come from the youth be it any type of community work in all the extreme situations .
I feel that youth play a major role in shaping of the community and its upliftment on the whole .

I would like to present a glaring example for the same .
Recently our country witnessed the worst tragedy - Tsunami which engulfed innumerable lives .
The sea ravaged the entire coastal strip and people lost their life , families , food and shelter for none of their mistakes .
I would like to highlight the participation of youth in rehabilitation works in the effected regions .
India overcame such a crisis with in no time due to the young people who spent sleepless nights for the rehabilitation work .
Young people from all the software companies , NGOs and student organisations thronged the entire area for rescue operations .
I was also part of my college troop BITS - TSUMANI who participated in the relief measures .
Not only this be it any crisis , first hand help is always given by the young people .

In addition to the crisis management , young people also play a role in moulding their community .
Just to state a few , they take part in maintaining the cleanliness of the society , security considerations , creating public awareness , health camps and the list is never ending .
Some active youth organisations like NSS , indulge in the rural development .
They spread awareness in the rural areas and they serve a means for serving the poor and the needy .

At last but not the least I cannot forget the young men in the armed forces safeguardign our nation risking their own lives .
My salutations to them always .
In the broader sense their might be raising modernisation but the involvement of youth in helping the community cannot be under rated .
I believe that young people have the possibility to enjoy life much more than older ones .
Youngs usually have few phisycal constraints and see death and diseases much further than they actually are .
Old people additionally have the disadvantages of living in a world that has changed much since their time .

One reason I think that people have higher opportunities of enjoying their lives when they are younger is that they are healthy and strong .
They can live freely without worries for the future : they can try exciting sports like bunjee jumping or rock climbing .
Instead old men and women have to spend much of their time ( and money ) in visits at the doctor 's .
Many diseases related to elderly requires the use of drugs and medicines they would not be able to live without .
While youngs have no time to spend thinking about risks , the old men and women are often not even independent : they need somebody 's assistance .

Secondly the old people are living in an environment they are not even able to recognize !
The world changes so fast that grandfathers and grandmothers are unable to understand the social behaviours of their grandchildren .
I 've often tried to explain my grandmother the reason I do n't want to get married , but she just ca n't understand it !
Another aspect of this can be observed when comparing the number of old people who are able to use a computer with the number of electronic games sold to even some very young children .

Morever I truly believe that the most stimulating part of one 's life is the university time .
It is the period of my lifetime where I 'm increasing mostly the size of my knowledge and experience .
Everyday I meet new persons and I have the possibility to find many very interesting .
For example some professors are so wise that just the possibility to talk with them five minutes is a great chance .
Not many places are as precious as universities .

Thus I am sure that people can enjoy life more and better when they are young than when they are old .
I do n't think having a longer life is a good bargain : there is no point in leaving 100 years if the second half of it has to be passed on a bed or a chair dreaming about the past time or asking somebody to turn on the television .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well because when people just focuses on what they have learned from school , and think it is right , they do not open their mind to new experiences wich can not be good for the things they are working on .
For example , when it comes to technology , people must change or improve the ways of doing things really fast , so there can be better development ; without trying new stuff there would not be advance .
Trying new things is important for success because it improves the experience of the person in some facts .

Taking risks is also important for success .
For some people , taking risks might be bad due to the possible negative outcomes their work can get , but taking risks is the only way people can livet new experiences and improve in both working and personal life .
Taking risks is the only way people can prove if what they are doing is right or wrong , if it is right they can keep it , if it is wrong they learned from it and can improve it .

When combining trying with risk , success is more likely to happen , but before really doing something with this two factors people should learn a bit a bout the situation they will work on , this way they can plan better what they will do .
A good example of successful people are leaders , they must always hear and analize the ideas of the people surrounding them .
All those new ideas become things to try that might be positive and improve the work they are doing .
Leaders review the ideas , pick one or combine them , and then try it .
Also , when deciding what to do , they must take risks so the they can really achieve their goals .
Without risking they would not know what to do and just stick to the normal parameters that might not be good for their work .

All the people should open their mind to the new stuff , try different ideas and risk a lot to achieve their goals .
Sticking to just one learned thing is not always positive because not everything works the same .
I do agree with part of the statement about trying new things .
When placed repeatedly in the same context , individuals tend to limit their horizon to what they know .
In a business environment , this leads to two possible negative results : predictability and lack of innovation .
If competitors know that one will continue to do the things it currently does without change , they can adapt and exploit the company 's weakness .
In the case of IBM , for instance , led by Louis Gertsner at the time , the company knew how to build and sell computers .
The company did n't take any risk , such as engaging in software development or applications .
Emerging companies seized the opportunity , and that is how Microsoft came to market .
Microsoft , led by Bill Gates , took risks , expanded in new segments , and became a juggernaut compared to IBM .

On the other hand , I do believe also that always trying new things and taking risks can be a dangerous proposition .
An example of this comes from the automotive world .
Jack Nasser , Ford 's CEO at the time , wished to take Ford beyond automotive and transform it to a global consumer product company .
Ford engaged and invested in different ventures .
Eventually , this proved to be a distraction to the core business , automotive .
Insufficient investments were made in improving its product line .
And with so much focus on new ventures , Ford lost sight of the market forces changing the automotive landscape .
Ford had stopped producing the kinds of cars and trucks consumers wanted .
Toyota , on the other hand , focused its business on increased sales in the automotive sector only , and closed ranks to become a dangerous and growing competitor .

I do believe either option can be relevant for different people or organizations at different phases of their life .
Sometimes , people can use something they do well but still take risks .
I would cite the example of Apple , led by CEO Steve Jobs .
While successful early on thanks primarily to its ease of use and its attractive design , Apple computers became largely irrelevant when other options came to the market .
Recently , Apple took advantage an emerging market in digital music downloads and designed the now famous iPod .
The iPod leveraged Apple 's legendary design and ease of use and became an unsurpassed competitor .
In this case , Apple took something they knew how to do well ( design , ease of use ) and still took risks venturing on a completely new market ( digital music download ) beyond their core market .
This is the age of modern science and technology .
So there will be many changes taking place with in our world in the near future .
While some set of the students disagree with the given statement and others do not .
I agree with the following statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewers cars in use than there are today '' due to the following reasons .

Nowadays the population is growing a bit faster than the past .
Due to this growth of population in a limited area like our earth , so there will be automatically a rise in the use of vehicles for their transportation .
For example nowadays privacy is considered as the major element .
Due to this reason people are preferring for buying cars than using public transport like buses , taxis etc .
The scientists are in search for possible solutions for solving these problems and also humans are also concerned about the growing pollution mainly smoke pollution .

They were trying to reduce this pollution and traffic problems by inventing cars which will not cause any smoke pollution .
For example , they invented some sort of hydrogen as fuel in place of petrol in order to reduce the smoke pollution .

In order to reduce the traffic problems they are ought to invent space cars which will ply in the air instead of on the road .
This will surely reduce the traffic jams .
Mainly people are concerned about their health nowadays .
They think that their health will get spoiled if they are exposed to such sort of pollutions .
So they are also in a great need to reduce pollutions and traffic jams .

So in the near future there may not be any cars and there may be only space cars which will ply in the atmosphere rather than on the road .
And due to their great concern about their health they will prefer to walk and ride bicycles for reaching their offices .
For example , in developed countries like Japan and China , people already began to use bicycles and walk to reach their offices , schools and any other work they wanteded to do .
They believe that it not only reduces the pollutions and traffic jams but also makes them healthy by reducing obesity problems .

From the discussions made in the passage , we can come to a conclusion that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
Knowing about many academic subjects may sound good at the first sight .
It may sound like , a person has educated him/herself quite well so that he/she knows many things .
But I think it does n't work that way , specializing in one spesific subject is much more important than broad knowledgedge of many academic topics .

First ; how far can a person may go in many academic subjects all together ?
In other words it is impossible for a person discover fundemental aspects of many academic subjects at the same time .
At this point , actually it can not be inferred that the subjects are known by the person .
Knowing is far beyond having only an idea about something .
In contrary , focusing on one unique subject will make it possible to learn deep details of it .
By this way , one can claim that he/she knows the subject .

Related to the points mentioned so far , the industry nowadays is quite aware that experts on a subject are quite valuable .
Since technology and industry developes quite fast , improving a new thing bacema quite hard and it needs indepth knowledge of the subject .
Therefore focusing on a spesific academic subject will definetely rise a person 's chance in his/her career .

Another point is that , if a person can manage to specialize on an academic or another subject , this gives great satisfaction .
Namely , the person will be in demand and maybe will be the first name that the people around remembers about the subject .
In contrary ' it is very hard to get this domination satisfaction by knowing little about many topics .

To conclude , it would be much better to specialize in one spesific acadamic subject rather than having knowledge of many of them .
This will help a person in career and in practical life .
Knowing something needs really good spesific focusing .
If I had to refer only to my personal experience I would have to completely agree with the statement .
Fortunately not every youngster is like me .

I must confess that I have never taken part to community service , which in my home country , Italy , young men could choose as an alternative to military service .
A bill has been passed that frees my generation from military service and thus also from `` compulsory '' community service .
I might have justfied my behavior by saying that nowadays the sense of community that used to animate the life of suburbia and countryside villages has been lost ; that work conditions and habits have changed and all in all people are less and less tied to their own communities .
They think and act global .

But the fact that I am selfish does not imply that so are my fellow citizens of the same age .
I have many friends devoted to at least one community service activity .
My best female friend has been active in the emergency transport service , that brings patients to emergency rooms and hospitals for the past five years and she is still on duty once a week every thursday night .
It is worth to mention that in Italy this service is run on a voluntary basis .

Finally one can extend what I have mentioned about the fading of local communities and claim that the young should take care of the global communtiy and especially its poorest members .
More and more young women and men are now spending their holidays in non governmental organizations active in the poorest part of the world .
As far as I am concerned I have never joined these programs , but my sister and some frinds of mine did last year .
They were helping in a small hospital in satellite town of Kolkata , India .

So , hopefully , the picture is not so bleak , at least as long as my friends persist in their altruism .
I really aggree with this statement .
To my mind , it is necessary for success to walk on new ways .
This is the only opportunity to solve and to get along with problems in a successfull way .

The first point to mention why I think that the statement above is correct is that people who only repeat their normal way of life do not focus on alternative sollutions .
They have their known scheme to solve problems in their daily life .
This might be for them a satisfying opportunity to live and to relax in their personal sphere .
But this relaxation is the point why they are not successful as other people are .

You have to take risks and to try new things to reach the level of success .
Your personal experiences and your knowledge make you understand the world and to react in several daily situations .
But success is the product of knowledge and looking forward .

Risk is an essential element of looking forward .
Only by braking out of your normal life you can discover new perspectives in your job and your private area .
To make it clear , I am not in the opinion that somebody should risk his life every day .
`` Risk '' means to go an alternative way .
A way , you wont go by reflecting only on your experiences .
You can for example look for a new job when it offers more chances for your career .
People should not only look on the money they can earn in their professions .
They should more reflect on their career opportunities .

Let us talk about a young business man .
He can open another coffee shop near the central station , the third in the street , or he can develop a fundamental new concept of selling goods .
The research work before may be cost intensive and can be a risk .
But when he has established a new product or a new selling method he is the only one having this advantage .
This is a way of success .

I think every person is curious from the birth to death .
But the experiences we collect during our lifes make us a bit tired .
To my mind , People who save this curiosity are more successfull than other .
Children try more .
They risk more .
This is the reason why they are so successfull in growing up in a relatively short period of time .

You can only be successfull by thinking different .
Do you think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ?
People hold different views on this issue .
Actually , this topic is so complex and controvesial that it deserves careful consideration .
In my opinion , I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

To begin with , the first reson to illustrate my point is that people will take public transportation system more often than today .
Rather than driving cars by themselves , people would take bus or Mass Rapid Transit System to their destination for it is more convenient .
Take my home city Taipei for example .
Instead of being caught in the traffic jam during rush hours , people in Taipei prefer taking Mass Rapid Transit System to commute .
I think this will be a trend in the future .

In addition , the further aregument to strenghten my position is that not using cars is an effective and efficient way to save energy and reducing pollution .
For fear of depleting the prcious energy in the globe , it is wiser to do our best to save energy .
Moreover , to maintain a good and suitable environment , reducing both air and noise pollution by not using cars is a good method .
Since environment conservation is an important issue nowadays , I think not using cars is quite important .

Finally , another reason to reinforce my view is that taking public transportation system is much more economical than driving cars , Actually , maintaining a car is quite expensive .
Besides the expense of purchasing a car , it costs a lot to maintain and repair it .
Moreover , you have to spend a lot of time as well as money for parking your car .
On the countrary , taking public transportation system is quite smart .
Therefore , I believe more and more people will choose taking public transportation system in the future .

In conclusion , for the reasons mentioned above , I firmly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I believe that age does n't matter when it comes to enjoying life , it is up to each person to make the best of it and squeeze every drop they can get .
Sometimes when we are young we tend to think that old people had their time and that because they are so worried on their grandchildren , the cold weather , money problems or about their health problems they do n't enjoy life the way young people do .
We believe that age is everything until that a day comes when you look back and think of the great memories you have and the great ones that will still come .

My grandmother was a great example .
She always used to tell me what her life was like when she was a little girl growing up in a small town and moving to a big city , going out with her firends , her curfew and when my grandpfather proposed .
I thought about how great her life was but never thought about how great her life is .
Since we see the present as something common and even unrelevant sometimes I did n't see my grandmother 's life as '' exciting '' let alone fun when she was 60 .
Now , after many other conversations , I got to know that life goes on and that every day is enjoyable , even if it 's your last .
My grandmother goes away on field trips with her friends while I am studying for a never ending test , cooks because she wants to and not because she HAS to , has great stories to tell and always waits for us with a great meal .

Enjoyable gets a different meaning while you are growing up .
When you 're little an ice cream and your mom is everything .
When you get older a toy or a new friend is very important ; when you 're a teenager enjoying life is having friends around you and have something you can identify with like sports ; by college the challange of living alone , traveling , going out to clubs and having a boyfriend/girlfriend is enjoying your youth .
By the time you graduate hopefully you 'll get a good job , marry the man of your dreams and watch your kids grow up .
Every step of the way is enjoyable then .
In my opinion there are no times when you enjoy things more than others , it 's up to you to make every effort for every moment to be worthy and worthwhile .
There is a controversial issue about whether students should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or specialize in one specific subject .
Depending on their distinct backgrounds and experiences , different students hold different opinions .
In my point of view , I think a specific learning is better because it is more dominated in a person 's career .

The most impornt reason of choosing a specialized knowledge is that nowadays the knowledge in every subject is becoming more and more difficult .
On one side , as the sciense and technology develops , the knowledge of one specific subject becomes more complicated .
On the other side , a person 's energy is limits by the nature .
Thus , if a person insists on learn a broad range of subjuects , he will find that he is left behind the other persons more and more .
For example , one of my classmates , who liked to learn lots of different subjects , such as mathematics , biology and arts , got a bad GPA during his college career .
Therefore , we should not expect us to be a perfect person who knows everything .
A good example , Bill Gates , the richest man in the world , may lose the match to a pupil in playing ping-pong .
So becoming a person who is expert in one area is more reasonable .

Another important reason is that the current society need more and more specific-trained persons , such as IT enigeers , doctors , professional player and so on .
Today works can no more be classified to several types , they are elaborated to very specific jobs .
For example , the computer companies have been divided to sofeware companies such as Microsoft , hardware companies such as Intel .
Moreover , new types of companies are also appearing , such as internet companies , Goole .
These different jobs need more and more knowledge in specified area and a narrower knowledge range compared to the past .
Thus a specific-trained person is obviously more suitable than a widely-trained person .

To be fair , I must own up to the importance of the elementary knowledge in a wide range .
Everyone should learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects in his/her junior and senior school to detemine what he/she is suitable for .
However , this broading learning is just preparing for the later deeper specialized learning which is longer and more important in one 's career .

To sum up , due to the reasons mentioned above , we can safely draw the conclusion that students should specialize in one specific subject .
During the twentieh century , cars have been in the very heart of the occidental society .
Since the early 1920's , the number of individual vehicles had increased sharply .
But today , many question themselves about the future of this kind of transportation .
Will there be fewer cars in twenty years than there are today ?
I believe there will , for three main reasons : firstly because of a ressources run out , secondly because of environmental considerations , and eventually for pratical , technical reasons due to the amount of space left .

I would start by pointing out a problem which is widespoken about in the media in these days , that is to say the lack of gas ressources .
A recent study showed that if the Chinese had as many cars as the average American , these Chinese cars will consume all the gas production on earth .
That underlines a serious problem : there is not enough gas on this planet to allow everybody to have one 's own car .
And this , I think , prevents cars from being this century 's personal transportation .
Even though it has been tried to build cars running on hydrogen , the tests that were made have shown it would be much more expensive , much more dangerous , and much less efficient than gas .
The lack of ressources is the first reason for which I believe there will be far fewer cars in twenty years .

Furthermore , cars running on gas have had a terrible effect on our planet 's environment for the last century .
People are slowly getting aware of that , even if it sometimes turns into real chestnuts , especially in French cities where 4x4 owners are told to be the main helpers of pollution , while there are plenty of other reasons .
Yet , it is a fact that cars pollute much , and that we are very unlikely to find a cleaner efficient ressource .

Finally , there is one very simple but crucial problem about cars , that is not as currently underlined as the lack of gas is : the lack of space .
Let 's say that each single person in Beijing , for instance , own one 's personal car .
What would happen ?
We all have in mind the images of Beijing 's , or Tokyo 's incredibly crowded streets .
How will how these people do to park their car , or even to get out milliom-car traffic jams with it ?
Shall we turn the whole world into a gigantic parking lot ?
This problem is already happening in developped countries 's largest cities , such as Tokyo and New-York City .
Let 's face it , it would be a disaster if everyone owns one 's car in less developped countries 's immense cities , let 's say New Delhi or Johannesburg , where the infrastructures will certainly be poor , according to these cities 's development .
In twenty years , th Earth will be crowded enough without any need for hundred-kilometer traffic jams .

By way of conclusion , I would say that cars are definetely not our future , and that one should concentrate on improving public transportation .
I think everyone knows about the story of a ` giving tree . '
It 's a story about how a tree gives everything to a boy whom the tree loves .
The tree starts with giving the boy a shade made by the leaves of the tree by giving everything the tree got - leaves , fruits , branches , a trunk - the tree ends up with nothing but a place for the boy to sit and rest .
This story shows us how touching and beautiful it is to sacrifice oneself and help others .
But this story , is just a story and what we call the ` valuable sacifice ' ca n't be seen anymore .
Thus I agree to the statement that says young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I agree because the modernization made people too much individualized that they only think about themselves and also because people do nothing that gives them nothing in return .

This week on Monday , I happened to read an article talking about a highschool student being qualified to enter HanYang university because he spent much time helping his community .
This clearly prooves that there are not much voluntary work being done these days .
The lack of voluntary works are so lacking and are in need that it the abundant voluntary works that the student has done made him enter the college wihtout any other requirements .
I believe that the modernization has the responsibilty for this phenomenon .
As the community society was being divided and many people left to larger cities to earn more money , people have been less socializied and are too much individualized .
People do n't mingle with their community members anymore as much as they did in the old days , which made them forget how to cooperate and live together .

People are greedier than they were before .
They want rewards and returns for the investment they have made .
For example , In May this year , the principal of my school announced that extra point will be given to those who spends time doing voluntary works in their communities .
After this announcement has been made , students went crazy to do voluntary works to get more points .
Statistics showed that 5students doing voluntary work increased to 16students per month in only for months .

So to say , I strongly agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I thinks the government should bring up new polices to encourage students and other community members to participate in voluntary works .
I agree that Young people enjoy life more than older people do .

A prime reason for this being that young people like students or young graduates have much less to worry about as compared to older people .
People who have recently joined the workforce and who expeirence financial freedom for the first time in thier life 's tend to spend more on items of leisure like buying a vacation or a brand new car rather than thinking of retirement and buying various investments or saving options .
Young people are more care free because they dont have to think about providing for other family members , like the college costs of thier children , medical expenses for older people etc and thus live life more rather than worrying about making thier future 's secure .

Young people also tend to have healthier , fitter and disease free bodies which permit them to pursue various hobbies like wildlife trekking , paragliding , dancing , various water sports and other such activites that require a lot of samina , enthusiasm for such things and most importantly TIME .
Older people seem to have a derth of all these things , being too busy in work or not having a body which would permit them to follow their intrests .
Students for example , both school and college going have a lot of free time on thier hands to participate in extra curricular activites and follow thier intrests like sports , dance , art activites etc .

Older people on the other hand , are busy with thier work life and dont have any other leisure time apart from weekends , which too tend to get very hectic because of regular chores like shopping , cleaning the home , cooking food etc .
They dont spend a large chunk of thier disposable income on activities which provide fun and entertainment but on investment options which would give them a safe retirement option , insurance policies etc .

Thus , because young people are more care free , are experiencing new high 's of financial freedom and are healthier with a lot of spare time on hand , do enjoy life more than older people usually do .
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
As we all know , technology and science is developing quickly nowadays .
So there is a big market on producting and consuming on cars .
How could human beings can drop this golden opportunity to make money ?

Fisrt , if you live in a big city with a car available , you can easily get to the destination where you want to be .
You do n't need to get on crowded buses and waste a long time just for waiting buses ' coming .
For examples , in the late evening if you have something urgent and also we know that it is really hard to get a taxi or bus , then at that moment you got a car , your problem will be soon solved .

Second , now cars are invented in different styles and even you can choose what contents in it .
So they are access to your needs such as high-quality stero inside the car .
Then you can enjoy the music during your driving .
And more and more cars will be produced by car factories .
The price of cars must be dropped to the level that ordinary people can afford it .

Finally , new energies are being invented by scientists .
They will soon be used instead of petrol and gasoline .
That is to say that cars will scarcely pollute our environment .
So we do n't need to worry about those gases such as carbon dioxides and acid rain which destroy atmosphere and constructures of our city .

All in all , we can clearly see that how a car is convenient to our life .
My friends always proud of that their can drive a car and they are very addicted to the enjoyment of process in driving .
So we can infer that there will be more and more people who are willing to buy their own cars and that will promote our country 's develpment .
Today , we can see a lot of people who are around us enjoy their life happily .
Some people go abroad and have good experience .
Other people go to the beach and relex .
However , I think , most of people who enjoy their life are order people .
In my opinion , young people do n't have many opportunities to enjoy their life .

Firstly , most young people have to study for their future .
They have to go to school and stay in school for half of the day .
So , they do n't have many chances to play around .
For instance , I am in grade 12 and go high school and so busy about doing a lot of homework and choosing an university for my future .
Although I have no time to enjoy my life , I went to Rocky Mountain with my friends .
However , the experience was not that greate because I had to keep thinking about school and university .

Morevoer , order people can enjoy their life more than young people because they have much time to enjoy .
Many order people quit their jobs and have enough money from the jobs to relex .
So , they can travel around the world for a long time rather than young people .
For instance , my homestay mom 's mother is staying in Canada for four months .
She can stay even for a year because my homestay mom provides food , money , and room for her .

Furthermore , young people usually do n't have enough money to enjoy their life .
Usually , young people get money from their parents .
Because of that reason , they may not have enough money to travel or enjoy .

In conclusion , order people enjoy their life more than young people because they may have much time to enjoy their life , and possess not much tasks to concern .
However , young people have to attend school , need to study all the time that they have , and get not enough money to enjoy .
So , young people do n't have many chances to enjoy their life .
Therefore , order people can enjoy their life more .
While it might seem like , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject , I , for myself , would choose the latter .

On first glance , having ideas about lots of areas seems like a good thing .
You can talk about everything and you can reflect your opinions about everything .
However , you do n't really knowing any of the areas you talk about .
The knowledge on all these areas would be limited and do n't reflect what that acedemic subject is all about .
As an industrial engineer I can give that as an example .
When we graduate from college , we all have the basic ideas about supply chain , inventory management , production planning , quality management , scheduling etc .
However , during our graduate work , we end up choosing one of the sub-topics that industrial engineers work on .
While a student working on scheduling may still know all other sub-divisions , he has the most knowledge about his own topic thus he can talk the most certainly about his own topic as well .

Considering that we expect people to take certain responsibilities in daily social life , and expect that to carry out these activties to masterhood , I would think the same is true for academic life as well .
Since do n't expect a butcher to do gardening , and a dentist to be an engineer , we should n't expect , say an industrial engineer , to be competant in both supply chain area and in quality management .
A dentist is good at what he is doing beacuse he spent his time on mastering that , while an engineer spent his time on engineering subjects and so is good at that .
Following with the same line of reasoning , an industrial engineer working on supply chain spents his time reading articles about that particular topic , writes his thesis on that particular topic and neglects the other parts of the discipline .

Time constaraints and social constraints limit one 's opportunity to know everything about anything .
People knowing a broad range of academic subjects tend to look and know the superficial stuff about them , while others focusing on a certain topic , by limiting their concentration , know that particular subject in depth and so are more valuable to the development of the particular subject .
I agree with the statement that the successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I think trying new things would make people successful .
This is because you can get to know more about different things and expand your views from many perspectives .
Seeking more into one subject is a great thing , but trying to do new things would be more beneficial in the future .

By doing new things throughout your life can make them experienced .
It 's a wonderful thing to be an experienced person .
By being an experienced person , people can solve more problems than those of the people who only know one thing and has interest in one thing .
I think expanding your views and being experienced would lead you to gain reliance from people .
Many people respect those of the people who have their own point of views and experiences .
So by being the one who is respected , they would be surrounded by people who are respectful and reliable .

Taking risks rather than not will make that person 's heart strong .
I think to be an successful person , you would need to have some kind of risk .
Larger the risk , the stronger you 'll be .
It is because you cannot get stronger if you do not have courage to take the risk .
It 's is not the risk that is important .
It is the courage that is important when you take the risk .
It is hard to be courageous at first , however , after you have taken that risk , you would be very satisfied with what you have done .

There are many ways for a person to be successful and these examples are only few out of those many ways .
I always think that experienced and courageous people can be successful with their life in a lot of different ways .
The idea that young people nowadays do not devote enough time , and thus have become less altrustic towards their communities than before , is a common mistake .

This idea comes from a well known process which leads the formation of several other prejudices ( like , for example , the idea that home made products are always better than industrial ones ) .
This phenomenon , which I would call ` the myth of old times ' , is based on the common perception that younger generations are much more egoist and greedy than older ones .

It is often thought , especially in ageing societies , like in our wealthy western nations , that younger people intrinsically lack values , and for this reasons do not do enough for their communities .

It is certainly true that there has been an evolution towards societies more based on individuals and it is also true that the time shedule of the people have started to be impressingly filled by many activites .
But this does not authomatically lead to the statement that young people are egoists towards thier communities .

First , this increased individualism and time shortage applies to all the age groups in an equal manner , and second , nowadays communities have much less needs which must be satisfied by the commitment of young people .
Examples of this type are elderly healthcare , childcare , and a lot o small activities such as taking water from the river , etc etc .
Therefore decreased needs mean decreased needs of time to devote .

If one tries to honestly look at the evidence , the data suggests that the commitment towards volounteer organization has grown steadily and strongly among young people in the last decades .

Nowadays , the work of young people for their community , though certainly changed in its organization , looks much more effective ( also due to technological progress ) and genuinely driven by the will of helping other people than before .

There are thousands of junior volounteering groups all across United States witnessing this fact .

For these reasons , I strongly disagree with the passage and I believe that nowadays young people devote quite a reasonable amount of time to help their communities .
In my environment I can find a lot of examples of young poeple helping their communities .
Examples like scout organizations or similar ones show clearly that youg people nowaday give enough time to helping other people .
That is why I do not agree with the statement .

First and foremost , think of all this organisations like scouts or christian yough movements .
In each country you can find this kind of organisations .
They all have the same goals .
They want to make young people more involved in the community and more over , teach them how to become a responsible adult .
In my country this kind of groups are very popular and they have a lot of activ members .
I also used to be a member of such an organisation .
That is why I can say that they do a lot for their communities .
For example , they help parents to guard their children if they do n't have enough time , they collect money for caritative organistations .
All members of such a group give surely a lot of time to help their community .

By the same token , I would like to say that you can also find young poeple involved in individual actions .
Let 's take for an example young people who go shoping for older poeple .
They also help immediatly their surrounding .
Other go to help older citisens in cleaning their house , or doing their garden work .
All this are nice examples of young person giving time to help their communities .

Of course you will always find some young , respectless , and egoistic young poeple who just want to make profit and to enjoy life .
But this is nothing new .
This kind of poeple have always exicted and of course exist also nowadays .
But they are not the majority .
Not where I live .

To sum up briefly , I really do n't think young poeple do n't care about their communities and do n't give enough time to helping them .
I really think it is like it always used to be , some poeple care and other do n't , but the majority is involved in social life and give enough time to helping their communities .
A community is an organisation that indulges in selfless activities which will indeed be benefitial for the society as a whole .
The communities do not operate for money or commercial purposes .
The only kind of ` fuel ' a community needs to perform its functions is the continous support from the people which surround it .

The support from the young is very vital in this case as they have the zeal to accomplish tasks with great proficiency .
Young brains are very innovative and would always help the community in various aspects .
However , in my opinion , nowadays the young do not give enough time to these communities .
They have adopted an ignorant attitude towards them and fail to realise that the community is indeed making their life easier .

Let us take an example of a community that works for the old aged , the community 's basic operations are to help the old in living their remaining lives cheerfully and without troubles .
The community helps them by doing a part of their daily chores and by spending time with them to give them some company .
Now the young fail to realise that if the community flourishes , it is they who will indeed be benefitted , the life of their grandparents will become easier and not only this , they would get the same kind of love and affection from other when they grow old .

The young are however unconcerned , and would prefer spending their free time watching television , playing computer games or merely wasting time with friends .
They do not realise that involvment in these communities has many hidden benefits too .
One gets a feeling of self satisfaction and responsibility as he would be contributing to the development of the society , he would also attract apppreciation from other members of the neighbourhood and they would value his actions .

One can also learn a lot many virtues by working for selfless causes , he is exposed to various elements of the society , he has a chance to study their behaviour and characteristics and since young people are keen observers , he would be able to imbibe a lot of practical knowledge .

Sadly though the new generation has not been able to think beyond selfish causes and they seem to have forgotten the wise old saying that true happiness lies in the happiness of others .
It often happens in schools and colleges that students do not understand some topic and so cram it up and often forget it during the exam time .
I believe it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

Ofcourse it is sometimes much easier to just learn pre-stated ideas or established facts then to do reseach on a topic .
Take for example , Einstein 's equation of mass and enegy relation : E = m ( c ) 2 .

We might just want to learn it as it is in school , rather than try to prove it like Einstien did , because we neither have the time nor the intelligence to prove it at that level .

However lack of time or `` Einstein 's brain '' is no excuse to just learn every fact as it is .
It is easier to remember information if we try to understand the concept involved in that particular phenomenon .
for example , teaching a 5th grade student that `` sun rises in the east '' is okay , but the student should also understand that it rises in the east because earth rotates from west to east in an anti-clockwise manner .
When a person tries to understand the ideas and concepts , he questions common beliefs and tries to find answers to questions that pop into his mind thus strengthening his inquisitiveness and improving his knowledge .
Understanding a topic , makes it more interesting and make learning easier .
it also makes recalling an idea during exams easier .

Other than just improving one 's own knowledge , while trying to understand ideas by questioning the common beliefs , one might even make new discoveries .
It might make a person curious about a topic or a phenomenon .
Besides , craming makes studying boring and monotonous .
It reduces our concentration level and thus reduces our efficiency .
Thus it is always better to understand ideas and concepts than just learn facts .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

The purpose of education in a particular field is to provide the student with a generic framework of ideas and concepts .
The student understands these ideas and concepts and applies them to complex real world scenarios to provide solutions to problems or to contribute effectively in an industry .
Mere knowledge of facts does not enable the student to solve problems .

Let us consider education in the field of fluid mechanics as an example .
A student learning concepts and ideas of fluid flow can utilize his knowledge to simulate flow of oil in wells and reservoirs and thus contribute to the oil and gas industry .
If he does not have facts and figures he can easily procure them from a library or even the internet .
On the other hand a student who merely memoizes facts and figures may not be in a position to undersatnd their significance in real world scenarios and hence of no value to the industry .

It is human nature to remember and appreciate complex forms of information if they are logical .
Concepts and ideas help the student to visualize the problem in a logical way as compared to mere facts and figures .
Consider for example the study of ecosystems for extinction of certain species .
A student who understands the ideas and concepts of an ecosystem and how a generic eco system works can clearly analyze why a particular species in an ecosystem is becoming extinct at a faster rate than in another ecosystem .
On the other hand a student who has learnt just facts and figures of ecosystems finds it difficult to apply his knowledge extensively to analyze solve complex problems in his field .

Thus we see that by having a good understanding of concepts and ideas enables us to solve real world problems in a more effective manner .
Thus we conclude that the purpose of education can be best achieved by giving more importance to understanding of concepts and ideas then just facts .
Traffic , a rapid increase in fuel price and its scarcity , pollution and the related environmental threats , the number of accident : they are all elements that probably will lead in the next future to a sharp decrease in the number of cars .

As many people , and in particular the car industry , may think that , on the contrary , cars will continue to be increasingly used , I am confident new solutions will be applied .

It has to be said that the modern public services , with regard to ways of transport offered , have a better quality than the past years .
Trains and subways can now considered a reliable way to move from a place to another , with no risk to get there later .
Traffic jam , instead , is the first reason for people to be late and to increase their daily stress : this situation is the main reason for people to let their cars parked .

Using cars is also not convenient , from an economic point of view .
Today , fel costs , which increase at a pace rate , has a negative impact on a family income .
I can handle my personal experience .
My parents , for example , decided to reduce the times they use the car to move , or , at least , they try to combine their different necessities going out together , in order to save fuel .

Moreover , is has been proved that air pollution , due to cars - emissions , is the first cause of breath diseases , even in young people .
To contrast the indiscriminate use of cars , many Italian municipalities , decided to prevent cars from moving in periods when wheather conditions worsen the concentration of dangerous pariculates in the air .
And connected to this , somewhere fees to car entrance in the cities have been introduced .

For all these reason , I am confident that in the following years , an increasing number of people will be more aware of the positive outcome in not using cars and , as a consequence , their sale will be lower .
When the number of cars will be reduced , we all feel healthy ( as bikes will outspread in our cities with no consequences for the environment ) , happy with the money saved we would buy thing more useful and confident that it was the right thing to do .
The future and prosperity of any nation lies in the hands of the youth .
Young people are more dynamic and actlve than the old people .
The are srrong physically which gives them scope to enjoy life more than the older people .

If we take teenagers into account they are very keen and enthusiastic about their lives , as they have just stared with it .
The posses the zeal and interest to to do adventures where as the older people cannot .
For example my brother was 18 years old when he decided that he would become apilot i future .
He was very excited to take up the training classes .
My grandfather opposed his decision as he was scared to imagine that his decision may risk his life in future .
Eventhough he could appreciate his decision he could not dare to send him for training .
After several heated discussions my brother finally won over and got trained to be a pilot .
It invovled lot of hardwork and darring .
He could not have taken this job If he really liked to do it when he turns old .

Young people tend to make their lives adventurous and try out new things .
They dont bother about the consequences .
They enjoy thing like dating girls , which the old people hesitate to do as they think about their responsibilities .
When we are young our health permits us to taste a wide varieties of tasty dishes which the older people cannot relish due to their health limitations .
When we are young we can take the chance to experiment new things like bussiness or career and even if we fail we can still start up from the initial piont as we have the time and patience in our life .
Where as the old people cannot dare to venture as life does not permit them with sufficient time .

One cannot always state that the old people dont enjoy they enjoy thing but in a different way .
Expierience had taught them lessons and they do things cautiously .
They cannot always do what they want to do .
As per my view it is at the young age we live up to our own choice .
The entire education system is so planned that an individual first gains knowledge about many academic subjects and then , after deciding his field of interest , he moves towards specialization in a specific subject of his interest .
My opinion is that it is better to specialize in one subject .
Therefore , I disagree with the staement that it is better to have a braod knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

I would define specilization as becoming an expert in whatever field we choose .
The main reason to hold this opinion is that ordinary people rely more on specialists for information about a subject .
When people are more comfortable in one or two subjects , then they can continue with that subject and become specialists .
Also , specialists from different fields can come together and solve a problem better rather than people who lack in-depth knowledge about different fields .

It is better to study the subject in which we are interested rather that try to get knowledge of many subjects which donot interest us .
A jack of all trades will become good for nothing .
A person will be comfortable to study the field in which he is interested .
In this way specialization will make every one do their best and contribute to the society in a better way .

There are various fields of specialization in medicine .
People do go to a general physician when they have small and general problems like fever , head aches and body pains .
The physician does an overall check-up and if he finds some serious problem then he recommends a patient to a specialist who deals with that problem .
If specialists were not there , then it would become difficult for a general physician to deal with the numerous problems that human body can face .
This applies to all other fields such as engineering and research .

There are some situations when a broad idea of different subjects are needed .
In such cases , experts from different fields acn come together and solve the problem .
This applies mainly to research where many factors are to be considered for one specific task .
I agree with understanding ideas and concerpts are more important for students because the ideas and concepts help us to understand the facts .

When we learn something in our class or on textbook , the first thing comes up is the theory or concerpt .
Then professor will explain the concerpt .
Later on , he gives students some examples to help us to understand it , Why professor or textbook always gives us a theory , then provides some facts to explain the theory ?

After we learn a concept , we need to totally undersatnd it .
So we need an example , even some facts to explain the concept .
It is a easy way for students to learn .

Second , after we understand the ideas , we always can use the concepts to expalin other things .
We can use the ideas that we learn in diffrent ways .
For example , when we use a camera to take some pictures .
We understand the relationship between light and curve mirror .
We can make a simple camera base on our knowledge .

Third , the fact can not reflect everything .
Everyone gives a respones differently because people are different from their family background , education and friends .
They have vary opinions about a same fact .
On the other hand , ideas and concepts are always the same , they never chnage .

Finally , facts can tell us what have happened in the world .
But if we do n't have some ideas or concepts , what can we deal with some problems ?
If we have some acknowledge , when some facts come up , we can explain how they happen .
Likes , everydays news talks about the Federal Reserves raises the interest rate and a bloom of an expansion in US .
We know the fact but we do n't know why it happen , how it is going to be .
Concepts help us to understand more about our surrounding .

In my conclusion , I think understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students to learn .
They can have basic concepts , then they have abilities to explain about things .
Moreover , they can use their knowledge to becaome their skills .
Then concepts vary not depend on different people .
And ideas and concepts help to understand the facts .
In my country , the educational system both teaches you to understand ideas and concepts and to learn facts .
These two concepts have their own advantages .
However , I believe it is more important to understand ideas and concepts .
That is why I agree with the statement .

First , l think that learning facts is not a clever method to follow because it does not lead to create intelectual stimulation .
Indeed , even if I agree to say that it could be a nice way to strike students by giving funny or odd examples , the thing is that you cannot simply remember all the facts you are supposed to learn .
For example , during my history classes in College , I had to remember long lists of events and facts without connections between them .
This was so dense and unclever that I did not remember half of them !

On the contrary , understanding ideas and concepts is more useful .
First , by understanding them you will be able to implement them in the future , contrary to the facts or events which you cannot obviously re create .
Second , school is supposed to prepare you for your professional life .
So if you understand the ideas and concepts , you will understand how does it works and will be able to deal efficiently with challenges .
For instance , I attended some economics courses .
Thanks to my understnading of some key concepts , I now better understand how does the world works , and especially the political system .

Thus , because students are supposed to face the professional life with the most numerous keys possible in order to deal with it successfully , I strongly think that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than simply learn by heart facts and events .
Now I am at the later of 20s .
Combining my own experience and borrowing experiences of my friends in China , I tend to disagree with the statement .
In my point of view , both young and the older people knows the importance of enjoying life , however , young people are different from the older one in how frequency , what and why to enjoy life .

To start with , mostly young people enjoy life in a different pace from the older one .
I think this is one of the factors that mislead others believe that young guys are enjoying life more than the older ones .
During weekends or typical vacation seasons , we can easily find young men or women emerging almost every corners of trendy entertainment places , ranging from hot scenic spots to cute bars in the town .
On the contrary , older people are rarely found .
However , we have to understand more behind that .
These occassions are the best time for the young guys to go out since normally during the weekday , they have to spend time in the office from 800am to late as 800pm .
It should be more fair to conclude if we considered that it was also the young people who spent most of time during the weekday to work overtime .

Secondly , young people enjoy life in a variety of forms which are quite different from the older ones .
Activities such as reading , playing cards or Majiang ( a traditional Chinese game ) , or watching TV programs are favorite ones for older people .
However , nowadays , young people have different funs to enjoy .
They enjoy to have activities in a more lively and trendy form such as fitness exercise , hiking , drinking and sharing with friends in the bars .
Since those trendy activities are more publicized , it is easy to conclude that young people enjoy life more than the older ones .

Lastly , it is the different view toward life that determines the variance between young peope and older ones when they enjoy life .
Contrary to older people who more often view life and work are seamless connected in China , youngsters will treat life and work separately .
They understand that work is disconnected from life .
In some extent , a happy life is the basis for a successful work .
Therefore , it is critical to enjoy life to full when off work while to concentrate on work vice versa .
I believe that it is better for people to have broad understanding of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because a wide scope of knowledge in various academic subjects is required for multi-tasking , for maturing into a knowledgeful person , and for conducting specific tasks efficiently .

Firstly , due to the changes in the business enviornment , employees are required to carry out various tasks at which they may not have specialized .
For instance , a business manager is required to facilitate stratergy formations which requires an understanding of various subjects such as finance , accounts , operations and human resource .

Secondly , knowledge is a vital component for a person to mature .
Maturity does not come only from age and wisdom but also from an understanding of various topics that may not be necessary for fulfilling the tasks in a job description .
For instance , a person needs to have an understanding of biology and chemistry to either consume over-the-counter medicines or prescribe them to thier relatives .
The very same person could be working as a receptionist at an hotel where no information on chemistry or biology would be required to fulfill the tasks in the job description .

Lastly , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects will help an inidivual to conduct a specific task more efficiently .
For example , a marketing manager will be required to be knowledgeable about technology , finance , and accounts in order to form marketing plans and budgets .
Without the knowledge about these subjects , the marketing manager will not be able to complete his or her task efficiently .

In conclusion , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject because broad knowledge will enable a person to multi-task , to develop into a more wise and mature individual , and to conduct various tasks with ease and efficiency .
I support that successful people try out new things and take risks than only doing what they have already know how to do well .

I believe that success , in any form gives human being a different way of thinking and doing things .
Success may be in any form i.e. , it may be in the form of money or fame or in any other form .
This gives a man to think in a different way from the usual thinking and trying out things differently .
They try to do things in a new fashion and not in the way that they have already done or in a way that they knew .
There are some characteristics developed in these successful people along with the success .
These successful people dare to take risks and work out things differently .

For an instance , theres a difference in doing the things by a very rich man when compared to a poor man .
Here , success , in the form of wealth changes the thinking of the rich man and he tries doing things in a different manner .
For example , the rich man goes to a very costly restaurant , clothes himself heavily , moves in a costly car and dines at different places .
A middle class man can do all these acts performed by a rich man , but he does not exceed his limits .
This is success in the form of wealth which makes the rich man to work out things differently .

Consider success in the form of fame .
The highly famed people does things differently when compared to the normal people .
They arrive to new ideas of working things out .
In this case , due to the fame of these successful people , they dare to take risks in any form as they are famous .
And if anything undesirable happens , they are backed by their fame .

All the people that are successful , try to work things in a different manner and are prepared to take risks rather than doing things in the manner that they already know .

Their ability of thinking that they can manage the consequences of the things workedout in a different way keeps them going on doing things in a different manner .
They are ready to take risks as they are successful and as they think , they can handle the situation and the results of workingout things differently .
It is often being said that older people do n't take advantage of life as much as we , youngsters , do .
Well , you cannot deny that , when you reach a certain age , you can no longer do things you used to do when you were in your sweet sixteens .
As a matter of fact , I am quite sure every single person has , at least once in his or her life , already heard an old person say bitterly : `` Oh , what I would n't do if I were your age ! ''
Is that to mean that life is n't worth living when growing old ?
I shall refute this statement , by showing that older people enjoy life in a different manner , compared to youngsters .

Firstly , I have to say that , when you are growing older and when your health is getting worse , it is very understandable that you are no longer attracted by doing the `` crazy things '' young people are nowadays so keen on , you were maybe used to do when you were young .
Enjoying life is not only about going to discotheques every night , experimenting new things such as taking drogues and so on and so forth .
It is true that enjoying life does n't only rely on extreme activities , and one should n't understimate the fact that old people may be not able to do the simplest things , such as going for a ride on a bike , and they may be suffering from this .
Yet , I think that older people do n't enjoy their life the same way the youngsters do , they just enjoy it differently .

That is why I do n't think that older people are not bound to live with their memories and it is a mistake to think that they are not able to enjoy life .
When you reach a certain age , you get to appreciate other things , such as tranquillity , family , all the thingsthings that you were n't able to take fully advantage of when you were young , mainly because of your job being too demanding and to time-taking .

As a result , all depends on the definition you make out of the expression `` enjoying life '' .
If you define it as enjoying the most crazy things of life , then , no , the elderly does n't enjoy life .
But if you define it as taking profit of each of the raptures life can give , then , yes , the age is not an obstacle .
Recently , I recieved an anonymous , yet very impressive , e-mail power point presentation that made me reflect and musitate on various philosophies of life .
On of these specifically captured my attention : `` To achieve something you have n't met with before , you must do something , well , that you have n't done before . ''
Certainly , successful people do capture fame because they have ventured out into a sea of opportunities rather than stay safely in a boat .

Literature has supported the idea that success arrives after an original challenge has been overcome .
In the epic of Gilgamesh , the hero directs himself to try to gain immortality by traveling to the end of the world .
Though he misplaces the final flower of youth , Gilgamesh acknowledges a sudden sense of completion in his being and a spark of energy to change his kingdom .
Gilgamesh 's goal of gaining immortality does complete itself , as is stated at the end of the epic poem , when his name is recorded in history and remembered throughout subsequent generations .

However , the greatest examples of succes involving risk come to us in history .
Several names pop into my head : Ghandi , Mother Teresa , Martin Luther King , Jr. , Betty Williams , Nelson Mandella ...
All of these people participated and led heroic acts against the standards and conventions of society , against the expectancy of the crowd , and gave us , the present day generations , life , liberty , and justice .
If this fails to ring up the word `` success '' in my ear , I do not know what will .

Finally , personal experiences have rendered this belief of the correlation between risk and succes true .
Two years ago , I decided to try out for my school 's soccer team .
I played midfield , but I settled for goalie just because the team needed one .
This position actually scared me , but , nevertheless , I kept practicing to develop my latent abilties .
Incredibly , I became an all-star goalie .
Even today , I have been invited to compete in the Junior Olympics as a keeper .

All in all , success usually involves some type of risk .
Progress , innovations , and fame all resulted from wild attempts to change .
in this case , `` change '' is the key word .
A transformation from safe to highly challenging equals a tranformation from loser to victorious .
Young people enjoy a life more than the older people do .
I dont completely agree with this statement .
But to some extent it is true .
Young people have a lot of energy and their brains would be very active seeking for adventures in thier lifes .
This would help them plan there life and lead in an interesting way .
They mostly hang-out with there friends , play a lot of sports , chat throughout the day in the college .
They can even actively participate in various cultural activites held in there college .
Having a lot of capability and strength to learn new things they usually update themselves as per the growing technology .
For examples using the computers , dancing listening to music and many such activities .
People in the old age cannot handle them properly and cannot easily mingle with them .

Young people can easily learn things or grasp things things than the older one 's do .
This would help them get used to new cultures and adopt new ways of styles and traditions and even the food habits of various areas .
All this would be a problem for the older people because anything new in style may deviate from their tradition like the change in clothing that younger generations adopt as per the fashions , it may be even the food that cause indigestion problem or someother illness .

The drawback that the younger generation mainly have is the stress , due to the work load imposed on them .
This burden may even lead to boredom or may even lead to a state of depression which would be very difficult for them to handle and even come out .
All this is due to the lack of experience they have .
It is at these situations that younger people come to the older people to seek their advice in handling or dealing such situations .
It is the experience of the older people , which helps them to come out of these difficult situations many times and get into their routine life .

The only thing appreciable about the older people is that they enjoy their lives at these stages by playing with their grand-children would would give a lot of pleasure and happiness for them regularly .

Illustratung all these events I would like to state
Should students pay more attention to understanding concepts and ideas rather than learning facts ?
There has been much debate over this topic .
I strongly agree with the view that it is important for students to learn and understand ideas and core concepts as compared to learning facts .
This is because of several reasons .

First , the understanding of ideas and concepts helps in innovation .
If students have a good grasp of concepts then they can apply them effectively in different and new areas leading to innovation .
On the other hand , factual knowledge is limited and is not extensible .
The facts can only be cited out or reused but they cannot be always extended for innovation .

Second , the factual knowledge is easier to obtain and there are several sources for it .
A student may not even need to go to the best schools or may not need to work with best teachers to gain the fact based knowledge in a better way .
A person who might have never attended a school may also know many facts .
On the other hand , when students study at best schools then they can gain a lot more by understanding concepts and ideas from the teachers and professors as compared to focusing more on fact based learning .
They can engage themselves in research work in order to understand and analyze the different concepts learnt from their course curriculum .

Third , facts are stated and it may not be always possible to verify them .
Students have a lot of potential to learn and indulge themselves more in digging deep into the ideas in order to verify them .
If they focus more on the fact based knowledge then they will not use this potential .
Understaning of concepts and ideas makes them to explore more into their field of study and get more benefit out of the study .

Lastly , there is more possibility that the fact based knowledge coulb be lost if not refreshed after a period of time and the facts are also subject to change .
On the other hand , the understanding of ideas and concepts is more logical in its approach and it is difficult to forget it because students learn them by understanding them through in depth analysis .

Although , arguments can be made for both the sides of this statement , I think there are more advantages for the students by understanding ideas and concepts as compared to the learning based on facts .
Advertisements make products seem better than they really are , and there 's a reason for that .

Most of the times , advertising is used to help a company sell it 's product .
In order to do this , advertisements use several techniques .

One of this techniques is to make the product look as good as it can , this usually involves a lot of lying in the process .
A good example for this are cereal advertisements .
In these advertisements , the ceral always looks crunchy and perfectly placed over the milk , even though , in real life it eventually sinks and becomes soggy .
Several tricks are involved in these situations like replacing the milk for glue or some other , more gooey , white , milklike material .

Another technique is to present the product in a collectively idealized hypothetic situation .
This situation is usually full of sexual content , either explicit or symbolic .
A car advertisement in which a good looking , sexy woman is either in the car or over it is one of the biggest cliches in car advertising , yet , it works and continues to be used because of this .
The woman does n't make the car better in any way , but it makes the viewer associate the car with beautiful women and eventually with sexual intercourse .
This makes the car way more attractive .

Symbolism is another very efficient technique mused in advertising .
Phalic symbols are used for products directet to a male-based market , and more femenine , virginal symbols are used for women .
For example , the use of fruits and flowers as a femenine symbol to sell beauty products .

Finally , the use of color .
Color is one of the most important things in anvertising .
Color creates an unconcsious reaction in the viewer .
Green for example , depending on the way it 's used can mean extreme joy or extreme sadness .
Black usually reflects power , it 's usually used to sell expensive cars to men .

Advertising , as it has been proved , does n't just make a product look and seem better than it really is , it 's planned out to be that way .
It is the beauty of it , it turns it into a form of art .
There is a famous saying which reads : `` Give a hungry man a fish and he will be full for the day , give him a fishing rod and he will be full for the rest of his days . ''
I strongly agree with what the proverb says and furthermore I believe the same logic applies in this case , as well .
The understanding of the ideas and concepts is just like the rod , whereas the facts are the fish that last only a day .

I believe that an ideal education should equip students with the necessary techniques and concepts to tackle any problem as opposed to the specific solutions for the problems only covered in classes .
This enables students to deal with a much wider array of problems as they learn a general recipe of problem solving compared to a case specific approach .

One great example from contemporary education would be history classes .
If facts were more important , then all a student would need to learn would be the years of certain events .
However , I believe , and the statement asserts , that the motivations and consequences in a specific historic event should be studied more than the facts and dates .
Rather than memorizing the year of a battle , an ideal history course should concentrate on the succession of the events that lead to the war .
This , in turn , would enable students to reflect upon themselves and overcome similar challenges in their lives .
Afterall life is a series of clashing interests , and it has been that way throughout history .
Another proverb goes : `` History repeats itself '' .
It is true only if we value the facts more than the ideas behind the events .

Similarly , in maths , a student should be learning how to solve all problems of a certain type , as opposed to one specific setting .
Once a student learns the fundemental approach to solving , then s/he may resolve any question of the similar type .
Having studied maths , I believe I have a greater first hand experience with the latter example .
The comprehension of concepts rather than pure learning of the facts is the mathematical philosophy .
In any type of problem that maths deals with , the main aim is to deduce an overall solution for all problems of the same kind .

Lastly , to conclude I would like to reestablish the importance of understanding ideas and concepts .
Actually in schooling this indeed is the nuance .
Learning at schools is more about the concepts than about the facts .
When this occurs , the students realize the statement itself , and going back to my initial analogy , you make their life an ocean full of fish .
They try to learn something and anything , anywhere and anytime , because they have their rod .
Some people believe that there would be fewer cars in use in the near future than today .
I personally think that there would be more cars in use than these days .
First of all , people are looking for alternative fuel resources that would replace the petroleums , which is the major fuel source for cars .
Secondly , there would be better access to places , meaning better roades for cars .
Lastly , many third countries are developing and that would lead to more people being able to use the cars .

First , these days , people are searching for alternative resources to petroleums .
People use petroleums for many uses but especially for the fuel of cars .
When people are looking for another fuel source for cars that would mean they would keeping on using the cars in the future .
This shows that people would n't stop using the cars even in the future , meaning the number of cars in use would n't decrease in twenty years .

Second , the world is getting smaller , meaning access to places around the world is getting better .
So many people are not able to travel around the world since flight ticket prices to other countries are extremely expensive .
Since people are trying to let people move around easily , the roads for cars would be developed and built to many places to the other countries in the world .
There are many people who are willing to visit foreign countries , and in the near future there would be better roads for the cars .
That would lead to increase in demands for cars .

Finally , the third and developing countries are rapidly growing .
For example , China is growing to become one of the strongest countries in the world .
Many people in China do n't have cars due to the poverty they are going through , but the country , China , is growing by days and nights and is suprising so many other countries around the world .
In the near future , more Chinese would have and use cars to move around and China has the biggest population in the world .
China is not the only developing country which would become a strong country soon .
There are a lot of countries that are in similar situation like China .

To conclude , the demand for cars and the use of cars would n't decrease in the near future , but increase instead .
There are people who searching for alternative fuel source for cars .
There would be better roads and better access to so many places in the world .
Lastly , there would be more people who could afford cars from many developing countries .
Therefore , it would be impossible for the number of cars in use to go down in twenty years .
These days , there are the growing numbers of people tring to enjoy their life in various way .
Some peeple say the young people enjoy life more than older people do , while others disagree with this .
In my oppinion , I disagree with the statement because I think the older people enjoy their life more than young people do by traveling the world and playing sevral kinds of sports .

First of all , old people enjoy their life by traveling many different countries .
As you may find on researchs of sevral TV stations , the number of people traveling other countries than thier own countries are highly increasing every years , and most of them are seniors who do not have particular jobs while other are busy to care their business than enjoying their life .
Due to they do not have their job to spend most of their time , they get a lot easier to travel arround and enjoy thier life .

Secondly , the older people enjoy thier life by playing many kinds of sports .
With the development of medicine and health supplies , older people are getting much more stronger than before .
These developments help older people to maintain their body condition enough to participate many sports activities .
For instance , I have seen many seniors playing squarsh game very well while I work out at my fitness club .
As I mentioned before , they have much more time than younger poeple who have to work hard to keep up thier jobs .
Thus , older people can spend more time to consider what kinds of sports they like to learn , and how they are going to enjoy their life too .

In conclusion , I disagree agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do , I think older people enjoy their life more than young people do by traveling arround and learning and playing many sports .
If people have more spare time when their are young , they can enjoy life more .
However , they are still busy to work hard .
I definetely agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not spend much time in helping their communities .
Although their maybe certain individuals who find time to help others in their community but the majority of the young people are busy with their own committments and do not find time to help others .

One of the reasons for not helping others maybe that young people are not able to find time to help even though they are willing to do so .
The young people nowadays are so engrossed in their committments like studying and working on a job to support their career that most of them do not find time at all to help others .
Whatever little time they find they use it for relaxation from their heavy schedule .
Their daily activities are so cramped up that they cannot find time to help someone in their community .
I myself faced this problem when their was flooding in our locality .
I did not face any problems but certain low lying areas around our house faced problems .
Instead of helping those people I was busy in preparing for my final examinations which were going on at that time .
How much ever I wanted to help them I could not as I had to prepare and do well for my final exams .

The other reason might be that the young people nowadays are lethargic and tend to spend time for themselves rather than help someone else .
Whatever time they find they tend to spend it for themselves and enjoy rather than use it for certain charitable causes like helping someone else .
I had an experience thats fits into this .
This occured during our vacation time .
Their was an opportuinity to help certain poor students in our community with their teaching during the vacation .
But some of my friends who had just taken examinations decided to relax and get away .
They went on a holiday for half of the vacation and thus could not help those students .
Their should be a sense of self sacrifice in order to help others .
But majority of the younger generation now have no such values .

Finally , what I think is that majority of them do not help others because of the above specified reasons .
Their might be a little percentage of younger people who find time to help others but as a whole the younger generation is busy with their own life .
This has to change and young people need to find time and help others in their community .
In my opinion , having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject .
I am of this opinion for different reasons : Firstly , you need the knowledge of many different academic subjetcts to understand a specific subject totally .
For example , you cannot understand literature without historical knowledge .
Knowing what a novel or play is about is just not enough , additionally you must know something about the time in which the literature was created or the society the author lived in .
This knowledge will not be presented in literature class , so you need to deal with history , too .

Secondly , studying one specific subject is only succesful if you have thought about the subject from all possible perspectives .
Understanding something only from one point of view creates the risc that you do not know enough about critics or different opinions .
For example , there are many different opinions about evolution .
If you are specialized on biology only , you will never learn some other theories or you will never understand how American theologists can argue against Darwin 's evolution theory .

Additionally , a reason why I think that having a broad knowledge of many subjects is the better option , is that some specific subjects contain questions that cannot be answered by this specific subject alone .

A very good example is medicine : you can study medicine without ever getting in touch with ethics , but during your career , you will need ethical knowledge to make some important decisions .
It is impossible to be a good doctor if you are only interested in medicine ; you have to be interested in ethics and the human society in general , too .

In conclusion , we can say that the best way is deciding which subject you are the most interested in then and study on it .
At the same time you always have to keep in touch with other academic disciplines to become not only an expert of one specific subject , but to get a wide general knowledge .
Throughout history , successful people tried or invented new things and took risks to accomplish their goals .
If they only followed the way that they knew how to do well , they would not be successful .
Therefore , by doing so , a person can become a successful person .

When a person tries to make new things or think differently with others , he or she will have a better chance to accomplish the goals , which means they are successful people .
Steve Jobs , a C.E.O of Apple company , led their company to invent a mp3 called `` ipod . ''
When other mp3 industries were trying to reduce the size of their products and the capacity of memory card , Steve Jobs was working on making new types of mp3 .
Ipod could hold many numbers of song and it was really successful .
Nowadays , almost everyone owns Ipod or wants to have one .
Therefore , he was a successful person because he tried new things and invented a new thing .

In addition , successful people try new things by making adjustments or changes .
My soccer coach was a really famous guy and his name was well-known in Boston area .
When he first became our coach , he made a lot of changes for the team at the first practice .
Some players on the team used to say the formation he suggested does not fit on the team but the coach pushed his ideas by taking risks .
We ended the season with fourteen wins , two ties , and 2 losses and we became champion on our league .

Furthermore , it also goes well with the historical event when Jefforson purchased Louisiana .
Jefferson sent his men to buy only small amout of land near the Mississippi River but they ended up getting the whole land of Louisiana with fifteen million dollars fom Napoleon .
Since Jefferson was strict about spending national money , he was concerned about this .
Fianlly , he decided to but the whole land of Louisiana by taking risks .
The Louisiana Purchase became very helpful to the United States because it dobled the size of the nation and increased the commerce .

Throughout current event , my personal experience , and historical event of the United States , it proves that successful people try new things and take risks instead of just doing what they already know how to do well .
Taking risks and doing something new are the only ways the became a better person in our lives .
In this era of rapid economical and technological developments , where people are judged and respected by the amount of property they have and the guise they pose , an increase , in the number of cars , in the recent future doesnot sound astonishing .

According to my opinion , in view of the increasing standard of living , the number of cars will go up in the near future .
So , I disagree with the statement , that , in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use , than there are today .

Firstly , with the modern lifestyle and increasing standards , number of cars will increase rapidly .
As the trend in the society changes , people tend to follow these .
Because , cars are seen everywhere today , much population will try to buy a car and be on-par with others in the society .
owning a car , has become a prestige issue in most of the modern communities .
To state an example , many of my neighbors , bought a car , though not absolutely necessary for them , because , other people around have one .

Secondly , with the assistance provided by the government , as loans , more people are trying to buy a car .
When a vehicle is bought with the loan taken from the government , a person has to pay lesser tax and has certain other benefits .
In order to take this advantage , people start buying more and more cars and as a result , the number of cars would go up in next twenty years .
More banks have started giving vehicle loans in towns and cities .

Thirdly , having a car , serves many purposes .
People can go out for a trip or weekend with their families in a car without any trouble .
Whereas , not owning a car , makes them to depend on other sources , that are not so attractive .
A small family , can plan trips in a car so often at their own convenience .
Whereas , a two-wheeler is not so comfortable in this matter .
It also helps people against heat , rains , dust and others .
It is proved that , people travelling by a car are more protected against various kinds of pollution .

Moreover , having a car , makes life happier and more enjoyable to modern public .
Even adults are preferring to travel by cars and planning to have one as soon as possible .
While travelling in a car , people can listen to music also .

Finally , considering all the above stated reasons , and keeping in view the psychological aspects of human beings , I can conclude that , there will be more number of cars in use , than there are today .
The traditional cars , which are being used today use petroleum , which is a non renewable source of energy for their functioning .
It is a well known fact that the petroleum reserves are limited and are fast drying up .
But i feel that this and the eventual exhaustion of petrol in future does not prevent the cars being used .

Scientists world over have worked extensively to find a solution to the above said problem and have come up with some practical and feasable ideas of having cars that run on `` alternative energy sources '' .
By `` alternative energy sources '' , we mean those energy forms which are not conventionally used .
Newer and advanced methods are being discovered to power the `` concept cars '' .

The use of fuel cells , which release energy by the combination of hydrogen and oxygen is not only a potential source , but also renewable in the sense that it uses alcohol , obtained by plant decomposition as fuel and give out water as bi product .
Though this concept is still in infancy , regarding the safety parameters , few cars designed to test these cells have given positive results and hope .

Recently , in the Europe , a car which runs on rechargable batteries , using electricity for recharging was under demonstration .
This electricity driven car is not only being used in other parts of the globe , but is also being recomended as it is eco-friendly .
Unlike the exhaust gases from a petrol driven car , this car produces absolutely zero bi products .

The other inventions being done in these lines are the `` solar battery '' driven car and those which have a combination of more than one of these sources .
The prime related area where statistics are being worked out is to see the efficiency , safety and the unit cost when such cars are under mass production .

Hence , whether the petrol reserves dry up or not i personally feel that the cars which run on the above said energy sources will without doubt replace the petrol driven car and see to it that cars are used as much as they are being used today and who knows , even larger in number .
Knowing ideas and concepts form techniques to understand a subject or topic .
Facts are true statements about the subject or topic .
When it comes to deciding which of these are better for indepth knowledge of a subject or topic , then I completely agree with the statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
My opinion is influenced by certain factors which include ; need to analyse a topic to learn better , better rememberance of facts and having a grip on the topic so that new facts can be easily understood .

When we think of learning , the first thing that comes to mind is how to understand the contents .
To understand the subject , we need to analyse its contents .
For example , we are dealing with a fact that all matter is made up of atoms .
Its very simple statement , but we must understand why it is so to appreciate the fact stated .
Here comes the requirement for analysis .
As we analyse the topic , we could also understand the need for stating this , which could be that we are studying the structure of some material say benzene .

Next we need to remember some facts of a subject .
The example quoted earlier was a simple logical fact .
But , some complex facts like the Einstein 's theory of relativity is not very easy to remember .
It needs understanding of the content to memorize the fact .
Without a proper understanding of the concepts involved which made the scientist to propose the theory , it is just impossible to remember the fact propose as it is very complex .

Lastly , when we are learning something , it should not be mere memorizing of the facts stated , but , it should be a concrete base for furthur developmental study .
In simpler words , learning something should be like a foundation to a building .
The building could be a research or knowing newer facts to be understood .
Suppose , while experimenting , we make an observation , then without a understanding the idea of conducting the experiment and concepts included in the processes involved in it , we will not be able to conclude from the experiment .
So , even to state a fact , understanding of ideas and concepts is imperative .

In short , understanding of ideas and concepts will help us analyse the facts presented to us .
Besides , it also enables us to memorize the facts and other contents of the subject .
Finally and most important of all these is that , without a proper understanding of the ideas and concepts , we will neither be able to understand nor conclude anything .
So , understanding enables better learning that mere knowing of facts .
I agree with this statement .
I also think , that understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than it is to learn just facts .
I can say that especially in connection to my own majors mathematics and economics .
For the future life it is very important , that you understood ideas and concepts at school and university .

My first major Mathematics is probably the best example for this statement .
Just by listening to the professor and reading books you will learn nothing about mathematics .
My professor always says that we have to work on exercises ourselves because the most important thing is to understand the concepts behind the thinks we learned .
Without understanding the concepts , we wount be able to understand the further lectures .
So it is very important , even for for little kids and school .
If they do n't understand the ideas in the first classes , they will never understand them .

Another good example is my second major , economics .
In the university we just look on easy topics .
The goal is not to know how to work with these topics , but to understand the ideas behind it to use these ideas to solve more complex things in the future life at a big company for example .
That is where I come to my third very important point , why understanding ideas and concepts is more important than to learn facts .

In the future life , especially at work , you will probably never be asked again about special facts , that you learnd at the university .
If you are , it will be easy for you , to go on the internet and find out these facts .
Today the internet is so complex , that everyone will find almost every information he wants to get .
There is no need to know historical dates or something like this as long as you have the ability to use a computer .

So I think , these are very clear points .
In my opinion , schools and universities should even more focus on teaching the students the ideas and concepts behind a topic and not make them learn facts .
I disagree with statement .
In my opinion the best way to travel is alone or in a small group of people that have approximately the same degree of knowledge of the region .

There are several reasons for my belief .
First of all , a tour guide will protect the traveller from most interaction with and exposure to the local inhabitants by organising transportation , accomodation , food etc .
This is , of course , convenient and efficient but it often means that the traveller will not use the local language nor will he encounter local customs of communication and everyday life .
Thus , he misses out on many new experiences and cultural insights .
For example , when a friend and I were travelling in Turkey on our own , we had to learn a couple of Turkish phrases in order to communicate with local peasants , and the priceless reward was that we were invited to stay with the family for a couple of days and experience how life in rural Turkey really is like .
This would not happen when travelling with a tour guide , using prearranged facilities and no need to talk to the local people .

Second , a tour guide will have specific ideas on what to show and what to hide of a country .
The traveller will only see what is esteemed a cultural highlight , or entertaining , and he will follow the footsteps of many tourists before him .
If he travels on his own , he has the chance to leave the usual path and discover the new environment on his own .
He is likely to encounter nice as well as unpleasant things but his picture of the local culture will be more balanced and more complete .

Similarly , travelling without a guide might be less effective in terms of `` visited sights/day '' but it will be a more thorough and individual experience .
When travelling with a guide one faces the danger of falling into a passive , consuming position where prepared pieces of information are delivered .

In summary , travelling alone means active involvement , challenge and individual experience as opposed to the convenience and superficial screening of tourist attractions provided by most guided tours .
It depends on the preference of the traveller which form of exploring a new region he chooses but I believe that without a guide the experience is much richer .
Specializing in one specific subject might be considered more like a person that can do better work than a person with broad knowledge due to the deepness they have in their own field of education .
However I think that broadly educated people are more useful and well made because of the trend of the present society and how the mind of an normal person works .

First , the society these days require a wide range of knowlege .
That is because almost every work done by people has something to do with other subjects .
Except for some exceptions such as researching something scientificaly .
For example people who learned only about managment do not understand other affairs that well even though those affairs are essential to business such as law and other stuff like that .
For an another example , when someone wants to make a website on the internet , he or she needs lots of areas of education such as design , computer using , and some other things .

Secondly , a person 's mind is n't appropriate for doing something that is same over and over again .
The person will think the subject as a boring subject after a bit of time flows .
It 's like eating the same thing over and over again , and it wo n't be efficient compared to studying some subjects widely .
Think of studying math for four years and not anything else .
It will be real frustrating .
But if she or he studies something else when he gets boring about studying the same subject , that will refresh him and let him study math some other day with a replenished mind .

In conclusion , I think that it is better to have a wild field of knowledge rather than to concentrate on one subject too much .
That is because the world needs it is better for studying effeciently .
With this essay I will try to explain why I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years from now .

When one looks at consolidated automobile markets such as the USA or Europe , one finds that even though the number of cars in use has not increased substantially over the last decade , neither has the number declined .
Even though other types of fuel might substitute the gas used nowadays , there is no sign of another , more effective way of transportation .
Therefore it is very likely that the number of automobiles in Europe and the USA will remain constant for the next twenty years .

On a worldwide scale , I think that the number of cars will increase drastically over the next two decades .
Emerging countries , especially in the Asian region such as Singapore are showing two-digit growth rates in the number of cars used .
Even though this development will eventually slow down in these countries , we will still see substantially more cars in these regions in the future .

While only looking at consolidated or emerging markets one can already imagine , that the number of cars in use will not decline within the next twenty years .
There are however countries such as China or India , that will be the major drivers of a stark increase in the number of automobiles .
These two countries alone make up a great part of the worldwide population , while the majority of people in these countries do not yet possess cars .
In China we can slowly observe what will happen in both countries in the future .
Namely an immense increase in vehicles .
The development in these two countries alone will lead to a dramatic increase in cars used worldwide .

As a wrap up I can say that I do not only disagree with the statements that fewer cars will be in use twenty years from now , but that coming two decades will show an increase in automobiles used worldwide .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Being a young person and comparing my self to my grandparents , I have some reasons to support that idea .
First of all , younger people do n't face that many difficulties from the beginning of their life .
As the time passes by , we learn the life and we face difficulties , sadness , heartbreaks and so on .
And this can steal a lot from someone 's energy for living .

Secondly just because young people have more time to live ( in normal conditions ) , they have more time to make their dreams come true .
So they do n't stop expecting and this makes them better enjoy the life .
But for example my grand father who 's already 83 years old , do n't have any expactation .
He thinks that he will die soon , he lost his power and will for life .

Also , if not married , young people do n't have as many responsabilities as they would have when they get married .
They do n't need to think of their children .
When they want to do someting , for example travelling , they do n't need to think if they need to take care of someone who 's staying home .
But for example for my parents it is never easy to do immediately what they want to do .
They think of me and my brother , they think if we need them they can not be on our side and this makes feel them bad .
Also my father has big responsabilities of his work , he ca n't quit whenever he wants to .

Finally , it is also very common that older people have more health problems .
As they get older , they are coming closer to the end of life and this gives them bad feeelings and keeps them away from enjoying the life .

In conclusion , I would say that even if I will get older , I never want to stop enjoying life .
If I 'm retired and in good financial situation , I can travel to see the world , I can keep expacting for my children or even grand children and if I have the power , I would spend my energy for the charity foundations .
I believe making other people happy and providing them a better life would always make me enjoying the time I 'm living .
Since this statement is not very definite it is not easy to say if I agree or disagree .
What I am saying is that not all young people are the same .
Neither old people are .
At first , I asked myself the question : Who is young and who is old - how old is old , how old is young ?
If you ask a teenager he will propably tell you that everybody over 25 is old and if you ask a 40 year old he will say that 60 is old .

In the following part of my answer I will thing of young people beening up to 30 years and old people are all the persons beeing older than that .
And there is still one big problem : Not all people under 30 are the same , neither are the people over 30 .
I think young people always had fun .
Young people go partying , they enjoy `` sex , drungs and rock'n roll '' , they travel the world , they play sports and enjoy their lives .
Young people always have done such things .
My generation did , my parents generation did , my gradparents generation did my kids will probalbly do too one day .
It is different with old people : In past days the people worked a lot and once they retired they died soon .
They somethimes went on vacation , but that was it .
Today old people start to enjoy their lifes , too .
Since the population gets older and older there are so many old people who can spent their remaining time with nice things .
Some move to a nice warm place in the South , some travel and do cruses , others start going to university again .

In todays time people of all ages have the chance to enjoy their lifes .
There are always people who do n't know how to enjoy life , but that does n't depent on their age .
In the mainstream both , young and old people , enjoy there lifes .
I cannot say who does more because they do it in a different way .
In my opinion it is very important to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects and , in the mean time be specialized in one specific subect .
I believe that there are a lot of things that must be known by everybody .

I think that what we learn at school must be the most diversified as possible .
We need to study a lot of subjects and read many different critics to be able to better understand the people and the society we live in .
Only by having a very wide knowledge we can understand what we really like and consequentally began to study a specific subject which can help us to work in the right way everyday .
I belive that a lot of subjects are linked together and required the study of other subjects to develop a complet and good idea on a topic .
For example while studying a foreign language I think it is important to study the culture , the geography , the literature and the economy of all the countriesa where that language is spoken .
In this case it would be important to study sociolagy , geography and economics in addition to that foreign language grammar .
Only by having such a developed knowledge we would really be able to say that we know a foreign language otherwise everytime we go to that specific country we would not know anything about it and we would feel unusefull and ignorante .

I also belive that a broad knowledge is important in everyday life .
For example how could we be able to read an economic article on a newspaper without knowing the basics of economics ?

According to all that I said I believe that a broad knowledge is a need that each person feels inside and it is something that needs to be develloped and extended everyday by readings books or articles as well as by watching documentaries on television .
The statement `` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' , is partly true .
The things they present in magazines and on television are always presented very well , not showing a single flaw of the product. a product that is often presented better in advertisements than it actually is , is food. a lot of companies , such as Burger King , Wendy 's , or Subway , always present they food products very well .
The burger that we might see on television or in a magazine looks delicious , with its meet grilled to perfection , and the grisp `` homegrown '' tomatoes , the freshly baked bread .
But when actually having bought and tasted the product , the customer might experience a suprise and a dissappointment .
The so delicious , golden fries seen on television , might actually be pale , potato stumps , fried to almost perfection in very very very old oil .
The burger , so tasty looking in the magazine , might in reality embody a piece of grey old meat , between 2 almost fresh tasting pieces of bread .

Make-up for example is always presented very well in commercials on TV or in magazines .
The skin of the model looks super soft and pure , the lashes so full and long , the lips perfectely shaped and full .

But what most of the buyers do n't know , is the way a picture and the model are prepared before displayed in a magazxine or shown on television .
The lashes are fake , the lips are reshaped with the help of of photoshop , and the skin purified with tones of thick make-up and powder .
The result of super volume mascara in reality is most often very disappointing , and instead of having those sexy long lashes , one finds herself having short clumpy lashes .

Nevertheless , those are just some examples that appear to be high quality products , but the crucial fact is that the buyer has the choice whether to believe the incrediable presentatiopn of the product and thus buy it , or not to believe it and not buy it .

the problem that arises is that one can never be sure of what he or she is buying , because one will always be affected by the inevitable laws of money making , and the price a customer has to pay for it .

i believe that those are some major flaws that influence our lives greatly , but i also believe that we , the buyers , can not do anything about it .
we as customers simply have to accept that we either have to pay an incrediable amount of money or to pay for less quality cheap products .
I agree with the statement that most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are .

First of all , of course , all advertisements are made to promote sales of products .
Therefore , makers and advertisement agencies are always trying to do their best to make the products look nicer in the advertisements .
They use a lot of techniques to do this .

Although some institutions check the quality of advertisements to avoid bad expression such as untrue expressions or exageration , it is easy to make product look nicer in advertisements without making lies .
For example , how do people feel when a well-known actress who is a groumet says this product is really delicious ?
People believe it is more delicious .
And this is not a lie if it is not delisious to a customer , because this expression depends individuals ' taste .

This inclination of attractive advatisements is also helped by the fact that most of the products cannot be tried by the comsumer before the products are bought .
That is some products such as clothes can be seen prior to pay , however , most of the products such as food cannot be tasted pior to payment .
Therefore , attractive advertisements are effective .
So people make advitisement that make products seem much better than they really are .
Actually we know a lot of the procuts which were popular at the time of starting by the advertisements but lost the popularity soon .
This fact shows that those products were less attractive than the ones in the advertisements .

To conclude , I think it is true that most advertisements seem much better than they really are .
It is unavoidable fact , if we consider the character of the advertisement itself .
I agree with this statement that young people do not spend enough time to help their communities based on my experience .

First of all , for a period of time , educaters or parents do not give enough ecouragement to young people of the importance of contributing to communites .
For example , high school or junior high school students are only pressured by school work such as homework .
Therefore , they do not have an opportunities to learn the importance of giving others like doing a volunteer work for the poor or old citizen in our society .

This phenomenon continues when they grow up and become a university student .
During this period , they are apt to feel much pressure caused by their future career .
This concern results in that students become selfish and only pursue their own interests for their sake .
They learn only how to compete each other and seek for the methods how they can be successful as soon as possible .
They do not have chances to think about what they gain from community they are living .

Furthermore , there is another serious problem that causes this phenomenon .
For a decade , there are increasing numbers of people who go abroad to study or immigrate to a foreingn country .
It means that the community is threatend by decreasing numbers of people who would forget to contribute to their society .

Lastly , there are a diversity of entertaining activities that would attract young people .
There exist a tons of movie theaters , shopping malls , restaurants and bars for young people to enjoy and spend their time .
They are just hectic to spend their free time in enjoying their hobbies with friends with various fun activities .
Who would want to do a volunteer work for other people or be concous of how their community is going in their busy lives ?

These three reasons make me think that young people are not contributing to their society enough and appreciating their community .
Is the best way to travel with a guided group ?

For some people the answer to this question will be a loud `` Yes '' .
It might feel like an atvantage , because it wo n't take much time for research .
It is easy to go to a local travel agent , get a planed trip , getting picked up at a certain time , being guided through the differnent sites and coming back home on time .
Sure , it does sound great and it will work for some people , but not for me .

In my personal opinion the answer to the question , if the best travel would be within a guided tour , would be `` No '' .
Considering the background of my experience with traveling I have always enjoyed being with my family or partner rather than in a large group .
The advantage of this is that you are totally able to concentrate the trip on your personal interests and abilities .
You can visit different sites , museums and do all kinds of acitivties that are enjoyable and doable for you .

On guided tours it is sometimes difficult to stop at places of interest and move on to other sites , if the shown is not enjoyable .
Also the variety of interests and ideas is in a group much bigger .

Sometimes it might also be hard for disabled , old , injured or sick people as well as children to keep up and to follow the given information .
For those people it is desireable to have idividuale self guided tours , which can be accomplished with the help of travel books or prior reserach .
Of corse you will need to inform yourself before hand and plan the details of your travel .
But for me it always is an interesting part to collect information on the different opportunities at the places I travel to .
It does not only help me to plan , but also to learn more about the country or place I want to visit .
From time to time I even find out facts I have never heard of before and will find sites , buildings , parks and many more I have never thought of visiting .
This will never happen if everything has been aranged through a guide .

Overall I think people can get more advantages out of a self guided trip than a travle within a guided group .
I disagree with this statement .
I think that young people nowadays have a lot more responsibilities and many more things to do besides school than they used to have twenty years ago .
Back then , pupils used to go come home , do their homework and then help their families doing housework , watching their little siblings or helping neighbours cutting the gras .

Nowadays , parents expect more from their children .
They want them to be successful in sports , playing an instrument , or spelling competitions .
So i think , it all depends on what the parens expect their children to do .
There are parents , who do n't make or let their children join activity groups besides school , and others who make their children take part in more activities and competitions than they want .

Thats why many young people do n't have the time to help their communities , even though some of them would like to do that .
There are many young people who are too buisy to help their communities , because they 're put under pressure to be magnificent at school , graduate from college and get their doctors degree as fast as possible , which did n't always use to be like that .
Only rich parents could afford to give their kids a higher education , make them play one or even more instruments and offer them activities besides school , because they had enough money , to hire people , who cleaned their house , cooked their meals and watched their kids .

In spite of that , poorer families could not afford that , so after the basic school education , young people had to work and support their communities as much as possible .
It 's all up to parents and the environment young people grow up in .
Some young people might still find enough time to help , after all the dancing classes , gu
Most advertisements make products better than they really are is a strong statement that gives quite a pessimistic view on marketing in general .
Different companies uses advertise products in different ways some of which may seem illecit , subliminal messages , but the purpose of advertisements is not always to illustrate the quality of a product , but it 's importance in our daily life .

It is in the companies greatest interest to glorify their products , but it is also in their interest to make sure that the product actually works .
It is obvious that an advertised product will work better then the actual product because there are factors affecting the product that may cause malfunctionings .
The way an advertise is made , the components of the product and the users cautiond about the product will give different results on the functioning of the product .

Advertisements are done in many ways : writing , visually , subcontiously , and on a auditory level .
Visual advertisements are presented to us by video and fotografical commercials in which the product is in its best conditions , it is new and a times is presented as a digital object something unreal , basically a drawing .
Advertising through wtiring may be risky in that the opinions may differ .
On a subconsciouse level we will accept the commercial itself and find it great so it is us that find advertisements better than the product .

Again the conditions of a product on an advertisement are perfect while one might find malfunctions in the product as it may have been dameged by time , transport and our misuse of it .
All components of the product are key factors in the functioning of the product a new product will always be better than an old one .

Man error is a major cause in one agreement in the statement .
What our brain makes us believe may differ what we experience and believe .
Concluding , it is not the advertisement that makes product look better but it our way of thinking that prevents us from seeing the true reasons why advertised products are better than owned products .
Yes , I agree with the statement that only people who take risks will be successful .
It is important to know what I can and can not do .
The most important thing is to be good at what I do and to concentrate on one specivic opject or part .
In the modern times there are so many people that for example work as designer that it is not possible to work just as such .
Everybody needs no have a certain speciality like interior designer or as a designer for cars .
Success only comes with individuality .
There are so many designer there is no way of beeing successful when you just do what everyone does .
Like because everyone this season thinks red and length sripes are trendy that should not make you only design red and length sriped chairs , skirts or what ever the provetion is .
It should make the person make green skirts with pink points on it .
That is shourly risky because maybe no one will buy them but maybe because of everybodys having red , some individuals like having green .
As soon as a person looses the thrill of beeing better he has stopped to be good .
Success comes and goes and only thous how keep on working on their own knowlege can keep on beeing successful .
Bringing new ideas and finding spots on the market that have not yet been discovered is the most surten way to make something big .

Therefor only beeing good at what you do , does not make someone autmaticly successful .
But taking the risk of going one step further then everyone else can will make the differnec .
How many times have you got deceived by commercials ?
How many times have you regreted buying things you saw on commercials because they were not as good as they seemed ?
I am sure that this happened to many of you .

I think that commericals always inflate what products really are .
There are many products which are not good and have lots of commercials .
On the other hand , there are many products that do n't do much advertisement which are much better than products which advertise all the time .
So a product having many advertisements does n't necessarily mean that the product is good .

I can speak about this out of experience .
I once saw an advertisement on the television about a soultion that removes all types of stains .
I was so thrilled by the advertisement that I bought one for me and one for my sister .
One day my friend came to my house and she spilled blueberry juice on her white shirt .
I proudly got the soultion and rubbed it on the stain as instructed .
Shockingly , I figured out later that the more I rubbed the more the stain spread .
I was very embaressesed from my friend who had to throw her shirt after that day .

In addition , a lot of the things mentioned in advertisements are incorrect .
I once saw a toothpaste commercial that stated that this toothpaste gives 12-hour protection to the teeth from decay and plaque .
As a dentist , I knew that this did n't make any sense .
There is no such thing as `` 12-hour protection '' .
It is well-known that plaque starts growing on teeth right after you brush them .

Unfortunately , false advertisements lead to a waste of money and loss of trust between customers and sellers .
Therefore , I think that there should be a commitee to supervise what is being mentioned in advertisments .
The young boy helped the old lady cross the road .
This is the stereotype on how the youth help their community is based .
According to me this extremely unfair .
The world has evolved and with it so should the defination of helping your community .

The youth of today contrary to general opinion are not so different from the youth of yester years .
We may express ourselves in a different way which may or may not be acceptable to society but at heart we do care for our friends , family and yes even our community .

A vast majority off all social , environmental development drives are carried out by the youth .
The soal purpose of these drives is the betterment of our communites , our society on a whole .

For instance in my school we carried out a `` Say no to Fire Crackers '' drive .
In my country the festival of Diwali is a grand affair which is celebrated with great zeal and vigour .
Bursting mind boggling amounts of fire crackers is a part of the festival .
These firecarcker are made by poor children as the are a cheap source of labour .
My not supporting the booming fire cracker industry we not only aided a social cause but also majorly decreased the excessive pollution linked with the festival .

The youth of today may be caught up in their own issues but that does not we sacrifice the welfare of our communites .
It is not uncommon to see child picking up a wraper or can from the road and throwing it in the nearest bin .
We still carry out our responsibilities as proud citizens of our respective countries .

My school bus had stopped at a crowded intersection on my way back home from school .
A motorcyclist on our side of the road dint mangae to break in time hit an on coming car and fell of his bike .
Our bus driver saw the man fall and decided not to stop the bus as he felt other would come to his aid .
One of my seniours ( i was in 7th grade ) though immediately told the driver to stop the bus and ran to the injured motorcyclists aid .
He told the bus driver to conitue on and took the cyclist to hospital in a taxi on his own .

This was just an example of somthing which is quite commonplace in todyas world .
T
In today 's academic world , one can see increased specification among different disciplines : even in the same discipline there are different subfields on which academicians focus .
Although it is a great way to progress within one field , the disadvantages should also be considered before taking a stance on the issue of the benefits and drawbacks of specification in knowledge / Medical doctors can be used as metaphors while talking about the profundity of the knowledge .
On the one hand , general health of a society depends on the general practitioners who can prevent diseases or give advice for healthy living to the public besides diagnosing and curing basic illnesses .
On the other hand , the medical knowledge is extended to a degree that it is virtually impossible that one person could have all the information available on each and every problem which can occur within the human body .
A specialist can come into the scene where a practitioner 's knowledge about a health issue is insufficient to cure an illness .
Since a specialist is able to know more profoundly on a topic and has more time to be more up-to-date about an issue , he or she will be more help in solving the problem .

It is important to keep in mind that generalists are as important as specialists .
Since speciallists concentrate deeply on an issue by making extensive research in their area of expertise , they tend to forget to see the broader picture .
On the contrary , generalists are able to see the broader picture more easily since they have more limited knowledge about a lot of things .
Seeing from a broader perspective can help people to raise some questions about what is necessary and what is not in terms of scientific reaserch for example .
It can be argued that inventions such as birth control pills are initiated by the general need for an effective mean to prevent unwanted pregnancies .
As an invention which changed a lot of peoples ' lives in posotive terms would not be available if the progress was only depended on specialists who concentrate only one issue .

It is clear that we live in a time where extensive knowledge is accumulated through the course of humanity .
It is very different from the times that it was possible to be a Rennaissance man where Loenardo for example could make paintings and do designs and inventions at the same time .
However , we still need people in academia who know a lot about the general course of the history as well as specialists who know deeply on a given topic .
We need them both to progress .
Youth are the pillars of the future society .
Therefore I believe that young people nowadays give enough time to helping their communities .
Young people have a huge amount of zeal and excitement in them to carry out new things .
Their accomplishments in whatever they do means a lot to them .

I truly believe that our firm future is based on how our present and past is moulded .
Therefore young people need to be moulded in a proper sense to help the community .
This responsibilty is today taken up by the parents and teachers .
For instance , youth in the school and across campus are exposed to campaigns such as the AIDS awareness campaign , education campaign etc .
These young people go around cities and slums explaining people about how to prevent oneself from a dreaded disease like AIDS .
They also go about in the remote villages and explain people the importance of education and how it would help in the progress of their village .

The youth are the individuals who in today 's world have and show some compassion and mercy towards the poor and old .
I would like to explain an incident which took place on a street .
This street was heavily crowded and there was a man walking past the road .
He was very pale and old .
Suddenly an autorickshaw driver knocked him down and escaped very quickly .
The man was lying on the road bleeding heavily .
No one came forward to his help .
A group of college students walking by noticed this and came to help this man out .
They took him to a hospital and even paid for all the expenses .

Nowadays , it been observed that in many activities of the society , the youth have an active participation .
For example , in the Diwali and Ganesh Chaturthi festivals in India celebrated with a great pomp and joy , the youth are the ones who volunteer for such festivals , right from managing the crowd to the idols immersing rituals .

The youth , nowadays , are jammed between their busy studying schedules and their extra activities towards society .
But the colleges and universities see to it that community service also forms a part of their schedule .
Thus , being the bright future , I firmly believe that youth are actively involved in community welfare .
Lately a sharp increase in adverisment was sensed in every part of the US .
The Majority of advertisment are seen while watching televsion .
You cannot possibly watch a game or show without being intrupted by two dozens of commercials .
Indeed most advertisment make products seem much better than they really are .
Digital imaging and color enhancments has created products that does not exist .
Bussiness owners relay on the diversty of people out there , to sell their products .
Moreaver they use these fancy adevertisment to trap people into their stores .

Recent inovations in the world of imaging ; made everything possible .
Also the use of computers to enhance colors , and enhance the Image or object ; made everything seem fake .
For example my sister went out shopping for a dress she saw in a fancy catalog .
She was stunned the real dress did not look anything like the picture in the catalog .
Another example might be the nice juciy sandwiches you see in the commercials ; but never get to see them in real life .
Simply becasue they are the invetntion of a camera and a cameraman .

Most businessmen relay on the diversty of people .
You might not think that this is the product you ' ve seen the other day .
Other individuals might think the opposite way .
people are not the same ; and they precive things diffrently .

Other businessmen try to grab the attnetion of the costumers .
For example ; I went to change my car 's tiers .
One store had this big sign `` 4 Tiers for $ 99 '' .
Imediatly I step in ; however the associate informed me that this offer is not for the size I am looking for .
A freind later told me that he used four diffrent cars , and he could not get the offer .
Travelling has eventually become an important and popular topic among people because of the benefits it can provide to the economy of a country and the pleasure it gives to the people .
I strongly agree with the statement that it is more convenient to travel when you are guied by an expert because of the following reasons .

First , when you are travelling with a tour guide , you can assure that he will then try to give you and show you the best of the place .
As he is an expert , he is supposed to have visited and studied the city or country already , so you will not be disappointed after visiting a place nor get bored some day because the person who is leading the group is being paid to do his job the best as possible .

Furthermore , the tour guide was hired by the travel agency to plan everything as perfectly as it can be done .
Moreover , everything you will need , such as the hotel , entrances , tickets , and map of the place , will have been booked already for the travellers in order to have a more enjoyable time during the journey .
Thus , you will not have to worry about getting on time to a show for example , or having to find a place where to spend the night .

Third , getting a tour guide for your trip is cheaper than playing it by ear .
When you leave all the details and plans to a `` we will see what happens there '' , the trip may turn out not to live up to your expectations and there are more possibilities that you spend more money than you have expected because of some inconvenient last minute problems .

I would prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide rather than going by my own because it is cheaper , more secure andand it is almost sure that it will be an unforgettable trip .
Academicians are often faced with the dilemma of either specializing in their core area of research or to study , learn , and eventually be productive in a variety of subjects .
Needless to say there are advantages and disadvantages of both approaches .

Usually , a doctoral student completes his/her dissertation focusing on one topic and investigating the issue in detail .
The chapters of the dissertation may look at the problem from different perspectives , but the main theme is the same .
After graduation , the student hopefully finds an academic position and turns the chapters into independent articles and has them published at academic journals .
After that , whether to continue in the same area or branch into different areas does become the choice of the academician .

Focusing on the same specific area of research will make the academician an expert in that field .
If the reseach area is fertile , the publication record will be impressive .
S/he will get tenure quite easily and will be a respected member of academic circles .
However , at some point , the academician will be isolated .
S/he will no longer have the possibility of venturing into joint projects with others .
Moreover , if interest in that particular area of research eventually fades away , s/he will lose popularity , the career will be faced with the possibility of obscurity , and it will be extremely difficult for her/him to move into other research areas at that point .

On the other hand , keeping a balance of conducting research in the main area of interest and branching into other subject areas will make the career of a researcher more durable .
The natural way to do research in other areas is to have co-authors , whose talents can be combined with those of the researcher .
As knowledge increases in a geometric fashion in today 's world , it becomes more and more difficult to master a topic by oneself .
Researchers are forced to develop joint projects with others .
Moreover , the quality and the efficiency of research production will increase with joint projects .
Establishing connections with other researchers will open the door for new projects with other researchers .
As a matter of fact , this is the trend in many areas of academia .
In Finance , for example , the majority of the articles that are published in good quality journals have multiple authors .

Learning is the lifelong ambition of an academician .
This is best achieved by branching into and learning about other subjects , establishing connections with researchers in those areas and developing projects by sharing knowledge in a reciprocal manner .
In the near future there would be an increase in the usage of cars because the prices of the cars are going down rapidly .
Advanced technology has resulted in lesser production costs and efficient manufacturing techniques .
This will make cars more affordable in the future .

In the modern society time is considered more valuable than anything and theres a growing emphasis on better time management .
Hence the general public might prefer private transport to the public transport because they can save more time travelling by cars to their work places , colleges and so on , rather than waiting for buses or commuter trains .
This can contribute to a considerable growth in the usage of cars .

Since there is a lot of research being done to develop alternatives for petroleum , there is a possibility that some day a fuel might be developed which is more efficient and environmental friendly than the conventional fuels being used today .
This might bring about a change in the pollution norms which have restricted the usage of cars to a limit and might enable the usage of cars extensively .

A car has always been a symbol of luxury and status in developing countries .
In the recent years many developing nations have registered a rise in the purchasing parity of the individuals living in that country .
This factor led to the increase in the purchase of cars in such countries .
Moreover new marketsing strategies and governments policies will lead to a decline in the car prices in such countries which will make them more affordable than it was in the past .

Because of all these possible reasons i disagree with the statement that in twenty years from now , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Sometimes the slogans of travel agencies , malls , public instituations state something like : `` Enjoy your life because you are young ! ''
But what does this say .
Are only young people enjoy their lifes and the younger do not ?

The young generation always tries to enjoy life as much as it can be .
Means their daily life is planned .
And this plans are made to enjoy the life .
This can start with sleeping long , travel to different cities , shopping and having parties .
The young people enjoy this .
Zoung people know what thez can get out of their life and how to enjoy it .

But what about the older peole .
Don t they enjoy their lifes as well ?
Well at least the older people I know enjoy their lifes as well .
The life of the older sometimes appears to the younger generation as not that much excited , funny and just great .
They just enjoy other things about what the younger generation would think of is boring and lame .
For example going for a walk in the forest or playing cards is just fun for them .
When younger people see older ones who are meeting e.g. in a cafe the younger ones are thinking that it would be boring to hang out there .
But the older ones do not see it like this .
They enjoy their time together and appreciate the company of the others .

It can be said that it really depends on your personallity if you enjoy your life or not .
Sometimes young and older people say that do not have pleasant life .
It too stressfull and absolute no fun at all .
They think that their life in not enjoyable .
It can happen that younng people say they wish to be old to have time to enjoy their life and the other way round .

To sum up it can be said that it is not a fact of age to enjoy life .
It just your on attitute towards life !

So , enjoy it !!!!
When people visit unknown places for them , they like to know important things of the place , obtain relevant information about it , etc .
That is why they join a group led by a tour guide , and that way they are sure they will not miss anything of the place they are visiting .
But it is not the only way to travel to unknown places .
That is why there are backpackers , ramblers and day trips .
I am nor a bakcpacker nor a rambler but I think that when you travel with a tour guide your options are considerably limited .

I do not agree with the statement because I think people should have the freedom of finding some more thigs about the place they are travelling to , but on their own .
For example , a tour guide will take you to the most popular places of the city but on the same route he or she takes everybody .
That is , in my opinion , what the problem is : you are being taken to the same places everybody does and then the guide describes it for you in the same way he or she describes it to every single person .
That is where your options begin to decrease in number .

According to that , I think it would be better to visit some places on your own , see what you want to see , know what you want to know and admire what you want to admire .
It is an excellent option since everyone is different and some places may be more worth to visit than some others and so on .
For example when I went to Cartagena this year ( without a guide ) , I did not want to visit the same places everyone visits ; I wanted to go through the `` Old City '' by myself and on foot and in the process I saw some things that cannot be seen with a tour guide because they are not found in well-known places of the city ; one example of it is the contrast between some of the most luxurious restaurants of the city and the poberty just in front of the restaurant 's doors ..
Even though I have not experimented what a trip is with a guide , I am happy visiting what I want in the places I travel to .

To conclude I would like to say that travelling with a tour guide is a monotonus way of travelling , specially if you are looking forward to know not common or unusual but still interesting things of a city .
I think planning your own trip is a way to break that cycle , and everything that breaks the cycle for the better , must be good .
I agree with the given statement .
I think it is not only important to understand the ideas but also their interaction and relationships with each other .
Usually , facts like formulas in economics and dates in history are something that one can use to get a good grade in a test or exam , but in the real world , that starts as soon as a student leaves the university , no one will care if you can calculate a fictional unemployment rate in a fictional economy or not .
It is more important to understand how unemployment develops , what factors influence it , and how it can be influenced by governments .
And it is also more important to understand the development from World War I to World War II than to know on what exact day the conferences of Munich took place .

Ideas and concepts give a student a toolset of how to approach a problem , how to think .
An idea is open to changes , it can be transformed , developed and adjusted to the situation in which it is needed , why a formula or a fact is only relevant under special , given circumstances .

Of course it is important to know examples , from different times , from different countries , so one can compare reasons and development lines , but this does not include numbers .
In a university lecture one might hear about the Great Depression - but it does not make a difference for the understanding if there were 10 or 11 percent of unemployment , it is more important how it was caused .

The only exception in my opinion is in the field of science - physics , chemistry or medicine , where the difference between one or two degrees of body temperature for example can lead to totally different actions and outcomes .

Students need to learn to think by themselves , develop their ideas and find arguments , for or against a theory , they need to learn to judge a situation to act appropriatly , and they will not get to that by learning numbers by heart .
As science and technology develops , societies burden people with a huge amount of knowledge .
An important question arises for each individual , when he tries to build an amount of knowledge for himself : Is it better for him to concentrate on a subject and has a unified knowledge on that subject , or is it better for him to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I think , it is better to choose a subject and concentrate on its details .

First , during my undergraduate years , I tried take classes from as broad subjects as I can .
I took economy , physics , classical ballet , history of science and german litretare courses as my elective courses .
In this way , I have gained knowledge on each of these subjects .
But I could study each of them for at most two successive semesters .
That 's why I could gain only a little information on each of them .
Now I still have curiosity to further improve my knowledge on many of these topics , but I could not have time and energy to accomplish such a great task .

Second , the number of academic subjects increases in an incredible speed .
What is called broad today , will not even be enough tomorrow .
And the amount of knowledge that has to be gained on a topic in order to have an idea of it will also increase as time passes .
So , it is also very diffucult to develop a good and broad knowledge of various academic topics .

Last , but not the least is that , a person is required to find a job to survive .
So , he has to have adequate knowledge in one specific subject in order to be able to work on this subject .
And it will be better for him to concentrate on the topic he works on .

All in all , to have a broad knowledge of many subjects seems attractive .
However , it may be an impossible goal to achieve .
The issue under consideration is the argument that most advertisements attempt to project their products in a manner that showcase the products in much better light than they actually are .
This issue appears to be a very common and valid statement , since more often than not , it is a general complaint among customers that products never seem to deliver what they promise in their promotions .
However , I would like to disagree with this statement , keeping in mind my consideration of certain important factors , such as the process that people use to choose certain products , the efforts being made my manufacturers towards developing their products , government , civic and judicial laws that mandate advertisements to give the correct picture , and the role of public interest groups that strive to increase customer awareness regarding the buying of products .

The first point that I would like to highlight is the motivation of customers in buying products .
Many customers do not realize that the products they buy are actually not targetted at them at all in the first place .
For example , people who face hair loss on their scalp tend to buy products like hair loss prevention shampoos , without first checking whether that shampoo is indeed formulated for their problem , which may be occuring due to more serious medical reasons .
When such customers do not get the results they expected , they tend to blame the product , and accuse its advertisement of false campaigning .
To prevent this , customers should become aware of the fact that they need to excercise discretion and perhaps get some medical or non-medical advice ( like in the shampoo 's case ) when choosing products .

The next point I would like to emphasize on is the sincere efforts being made manufacturers of products to provide more information on the intended targets of products , product composition , possible shortcomings or side effects of their products , etc , through easily accessible mass communication channels like the internet and television .
For example , companies issuing public mutual funds do make it a point to issue a warning at the end of their promotion on television , asking viewers to exercise caution and prior research when investing in their funds .

A third very important point to note is the role of government and/or judicial bodies or authorities in passing laws that ensure that advertisements do not make false claims , and allow customers to file suits as applicable , against such companies .
I believe that such laws deter advertisers from hyping up their product .

Finally , any free society has a large number of public interest groups that volunteer to monitor and check wrongful acts such as over-promotion of goods or services in the intent of gaining profit by misguiding customers .
Such societies provide a framework to actively patrol and educate people about such misleading ventures .

In conclusion , I believe , that due to a host of factors , some of which I have detailed above , advertisements of today , though capable , do not actually make deliberate attempts to mislead customers by over-hyping the features of their products .
True , they may use popular celebrities to endorse their brands , or use jazzy visuals and other media , but the actual claims made are largely truthful , and they do make sincere attempts to clarify who their target audience is .
I completly agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

Understanding is not only memorizing a fact it is also about interpretating and thinking on what you have learned .
Understanding allows the students to develop creatity that will lead them the solutions to problems they will face in the future .

The fact that a student understands a concept or an idea will help him develop the ability to inovate .
Understanding gives anyone the ability to come up with a new and personal solutions to a problem or situation .

Learning and memorizing is the old way of teaching .
This method does not help the students develop abilities they have and that they are going to need in the future .
Learning or memorizing a fact will not allow the students to think or be creative .
It only helps them adquire new or additional information on a certain topic that they will not be able to use on a different and more adverse scenario .

Today having the ability to understand and interpretate a concept or an idea has led to the improvement of processes and techniques used in many industries .
This improvements can be translated into time and price reduction .
If students do not have the ability to understand they will not create and inovate and their possibilities of success will be narrowed .
They will be in a very difficult situation to compete versus those who do have the ability to understand .

I definitely agree that it is much more important for students to understand ideas or concepts than it is for them to lean facts .
Understanding will led students to have a easier educational career and a more succesfull professional trayectory .
It is difficult to agree or disagree with this statement .
If people enjoy their lifes or not , depends most of the time on their character and their living circumstances .
These circumstances can be bad for young pepole as well as for older people .
But I rather think older people enjoy their lifes more than the other way round .

Most of the time young people do n't have as many responsibilities as older people have .
Older people are limited by their job , their family and other tasks .
On the other hand the job and the family can be very fullfilling for the older people and therefore make life more enjoyable .
Due to a lesser amount of responsibilities younger people can do what they want and like .
This greatly contributes to more joy in life .

But there are examples where this does n't hold true .
A relative of mine who is 58 years old quit his job with 50 and is now living a very fullfilling and enjoyable life with less responsibilities than even the young people have .

Another thing which contributes to a more enjoyable life of older people is that they can value good times more than the younger because of their experience .
Most of the older people went through bad times in their lifes and so they can value smaller things more than young people do .

Furthermore they know better what they like in life .
Young people often do n't know what the like .
They are unstable in their emotions and tend to be depressed over small things .

On the other hand older people are often less open to try new things .
Therefore they might miss activities or experiences which they would enjoy very much .
In summary it is difficult to say who is enjoying his life more , younger or older people .
I think it depends very much on the character of the person itself .
But when I had to decide between the two , I would choose the older people .
It is definitely important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts because facts are based on ideas and concepts .
There always is some concept in the process to reach for a particular fact .
So if a student is not clear in his/her ideas or concepts he will definitely have some problem in finding a particular fact about something .

Let us take an example .
Suppose that there is a student working on some physics paper .
Now he comes across a point of `` WORK '' . and he notices that the formula for force is WORK = FORCE * DISPLACEMENT ( force multiplied by displacement )
Now if the student does not know anything about `` displacement '' , i.e. whether a positive or a negative displacement , he will be confused .
Another important thing is that the `` facts and figures '' , that we make use of while understanding the `` idea or concept '' , are also based on some concepts .
Working on a concept with some facts leads to a new `` fact '' .

We sometimes take an example of Newtons third Law of Motion in our everyday life .
The law states that `` Every action has an equal and opposite reaction '' .
Suppose we hit the wall with our hand , it definitely hurts .
The reason for this is that when we apply force on a body it reacts to it at the same moment the force is applied .
We never wonder why we are hurt .
This also has many reasons .
First of ll the third law of motion prompts the wall to react back .
Secondly the density of the wall is more than our hand .
Because if we hit a bag of cotton with the same force it wont hurt Here we have made use of facts and concepts both .
We see that `` facts '' and `` concepts '' are interrelated but it is very important to understand the concepts and ideas before we try to learn or arrive at any fact .
Moreover if we dont understand any ideas or concept we just keep on working on the known facts .
But if we concentrate on the concepts or ideas about a particular thing , it may be that we develop a new fact about it .
I fully agree with the statement saying that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I will base my essay on my personal experience in order to consolidate my position .

As a child , one 's normally forced to learn all the concepts by heart .
This applies to when we learned things such as letters , numbers and colors .
However , this system only works while people are really young because when they grow up , the scenario changes dramatically .

When I began my first Physics course , I was used to learn everything that was written on a paper or a text book .
The problem appeared when I had to solve an exercise asking me to calculate the impact that gravity had on athletes .
I was unable to solve the problem with all the formulas and theories that I had learned the night before .
I was completly blocked .

I realised then , that understanding the ideas could be much better for me than just learning facts .
I forced myself to get the idea from the sources I had and share the information found with my colleagues and teachers .
This ritual or studying method allowed me to have a better picture of the problem and find a better way to solve it .

Since then , I started forgeting about the traditional way of studying but beginning to understand where the main idea was coming from .
This way of learning is now helping me to solve the problems that I normally face when I 'm working .

When my manager asks me to answer one of his questions , he is not waiting for me to repeat everything that I 've learned from the school but for a quick response and solution .
If you do n't know what the main ideas are , you will not be able to interact with other professionals .

Once again , my own experience makes me confirm what I stated at the beginning .
Teachers and professors should take this new way of studying in order to teach their students accordingly .
Whatever they teach today could help their students in a future .
When we speak of academic generalizatiaon versus specialization I will disagree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

What differenciates a man from an animal .
Its his ability to think and analyse .
Its his mind that differenciates him .
Simailarly what differenciates a student who has done a general MBA from one who has specialised in Financial Engineering .
The answer lies in the fact that specific problems require specific solutions .

Very often in our work environment we are faced with peculiar problems which we are unable to solve .
What do we do ?
We call in the experts .
An expert is one who specialises in solving a particular problem .
He has the knowledge and the experience in that particular field that gives him the competitive advantage that the layman would not possess .

Let me explain this with a simple illustration .
A export house that is expecting certain cash flows in the future is unsure of the currency market and would like to cover his future cash flows .
A friend of his suggests that the best solution would be to book a forward contract and crystalise the amount of inflows .
However what he doesnt realise is that if the market were to move favorably he would end up missing out on a lot of potential gains .
Thats why it would make more sense to be guided by a financial engineer ( the expert ) who would be able to structure a deal for him whereby he would minimise his risk while at the same time have acesss to higher returns .

Another classic example would be in the area of medical science .
In a very simple case of tooth ache I would prefer to see the Dentist rather than a general physician because I know that the dentist will be able to accurately pinpoint the problem and confidently give me a solution for the same .

Experts/Specialists are often those people who will give you that edge over the competition .
This is not to say that I totally disregard people who who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , its just that specialists are those who help differenciate the the best from the rest of the pack .

In conclusion I would like to say that specialization adds that indepth understanding and analysis to learning the helps professionals to effectively counter problems in their specific field of study .
It is rather frequent for people to buy a good or service , but find out that what they buy is not actually what they see and like in the advertisements .
This is because , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

The main reason for this situation is the companies that provide these goods or services .
Sellers of products naturally always try their best to sell more , and thus increase their profit .
In order to achieve this , advertisements are made use of as they are the most effective way to attract the attention of consumers and as a result increase the quantities sold .
Mostly , the products are showed rather differently from the real products in advertisements , as many properties of the products are exagarated .
The best example to this kind of advertisements are the products showed in the television and sold only by ordering using the telephone .
The consumers do not actually have the chance to see , touch and investigate the products themselves .
They can only decide to buy the product considering the properties described on the television .
Nevertheless , frequently consumers become dissapointed upon seeing the thing they bought when it is delivered .
This is because the real product is not as good and useful as it is described in the advertisements .

The reason why I reached to the conclusion that advertisements make products seem better than they really are is my personal experience .
One day , while I was watching television with my mother , we saw an advertisement of a cream that helps people to lose weight .
They showed many women that had used this product and were really satisfied with the result .
Therefore , although the price was a bit high , we decided to order one and try as we both wanted to lose some weight .
We started to use the cream regualry as soon as it was delivered .
However , obviously we did not really lose weight .
On the contrary , the cream made my skin rather unpleasent .
Then , we both decided to be more careful in such things again .

In conclusion , owing to my personal experinece , I can definitely say that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Actually , a person can easily reach this conclusion with thinking the reasons behind as well .
As a result , people should be very careful in buying products and not trust to the advertisements completely .
Nature , the greatest creator in this universe , and the most powerful force of God to exersice his powers on earth has allowed millions of species to flourish on this planet .
Homo Sapiens , now so called the rulers of this planet , do have a lot of dissimilarity among its own kind .
These dissimilar groups form communitites .

The biggest responsibility of a man born in a community during the ancient or medival ages was to work for the development of his community and try to show its superiority to others .
But with the advent of modern technologies and the world shrinking into a global village , the social structure and thinking of man changed .
Now he is no more confined to a particular region or to a particular community .
He moves out explores the whole world and tries to interact with other communities in the form of adapting their culture and even having marriage alliances .
The offsprings thus are not much attached to the communities of their parents but they have a stronger penchant to carry on the voyage of exploring and intermingling with other communites , which their ancistors started .

But the biggest community , a man belongs is mankind .
And contributing to its causes has been and will always be the biggest responsibility of each and every homo sapien dwelling on earth .
The race of earning more material resources has left today 's youth with less time to fulfill its own responsibility towards its community .
Its displays shear lack of courage and determination on the part of the youth .
Profession excellence to an individual means much more then investing his time and resources to attain communal excellence .

This is indeed not the only face of the coin .
We can always observe a lot of social service being offered to the needy and to some weaker communties .
The youth surely is not showing personal contribution for the causes of his community but they are indeed contributing as organisations .
Many organisations inspired by experienced personal have encouraged the youth for communal activities .
So , it is apparent that prefession involvement has surely shown the way to the youth to contribute to their community .
Yet , if few youngsters are not willing to take out time to serve the community , then they do not deserve the right to survive in the big communtiy called mankind .
It is often said that only doing what we already know how to do well is safe and stable way without risks .
However , if I were asked to tell my opinion , I would recommend to try new things and take some risks because it will provide us with new opportunities , betterment of performance , and increase of lives ' quality .

To begin with , trying new things gives us new opportunities such as a new achievement which was never explored before .
For example , if Bill Gates had not dropped out his school and worked as a normal salary man , what do you think would have happened ?
I ca n't imagine the presence of Windows , which bring us high benefits in our daily lives , without his challenge and braveness toward his vision .
His success on business is based on his try .

Secondly , a company can survive and flourish with new ideas .
Samsung is well known for semiconductor business .
When other competitors are satisfied with 4M flash memory chip , Samsung made a big decision to develop 16M flash memory .
Even though there was a big risk , the revenue and value of Samsung drastically increased after they launched new flash memory .
Then , it has been able to lead the semiconductor industry by trying new things and developing new products .

Finally , trying new things is able to give us new perspectives and progress .
In my case , I was quite satisfied with my job several years ago .
My salary was not low , I had been appreciated quite well .
However , I started feeling that my knowledge and experiences were getting limited , and it seemed I was not progressing any more .
So I determined to shift my job .
As I tried to find new and better job , I realized that I acquired new perspectives to the business field and increased the value of myself .
Now I am eagerly excited about my future life even though there might be risks .

All things considered , trying new things will enable us to meet new opportunities , maximize the performances , and live with better quality of life .
The question about whether it is better to have a broad knowledge or to be specialized is very controversial .
One may argue that it is preferable to be familiar with as many subjects as possible , since this will lead to be better suited to different situations .
On the other hand , there is the claim that since human knowledge is so broad that it is not only impossible but unpratical to avoid specialization .
As a final position , I 'll argue why nowdays its better to specialized .
In paticular , I will illustrate this by explaining the situation of nowdays mathematicians .

First I would like to explain why to have a meaninful broad knowledge is almost impossible .
By meaninful knowledge , I understand an amount suited to do reasearch on a specific subject or make contributions to it .
Just considering the especific case of mathematics , nowdays it has become so broad that even a Master thesis may be hardly understood by people not specialized in the subject .
So if someone is not specialized in any field , there are chances that he will not understand the state of the art of the mathematical sciences .
Even , there is people who tries to specialized in every possible fields , and what generally happends is that the person becomes a very good lecturer but a poor researcher .
My point is that mathematics is too broad to avoid specialization .
So the aim of obtaining a broad mathematical knowledge will lead to someone that would hardly be able to excel as a researcher .

This leads to my second argument .
Nowdays an academic person is many times measured based on the amount of original results he produces .
That means that not only the person is required to be on the edge of our knowledge , but aquainted enough with it so that to understand how to and be able to expand it .
So in order to obtain a possition as a researcher is better for him to be specialized .
And as a matter of fact , only a researcher can aim for a trully broad knowledge in a particular science .

As a conclusion , given the fact that it is impossible to have and unpractical to aim for a broad knowledge in mathematics , it is even less desirable in general .
Knowledge is a complex process that requieres both theorical and practical concepts to be present , in order to take place .
That is why , I strongly disagree with the statement that indicates it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than to learn facts .

I have been teaching `` Introduction to civil law '' at my university to first year law students and I can assure your that , from my personal experience , students can only understand properly concepts and ideas , if they have an example from real life , from everydays life to support it .

Several reasons explain this situation .
First , students are familiar with facts , because they are involved in all kind of situations where facts are present .
Also , concepts and ideas are necessary in order to understand the facts , but if you do not have a fact that can ilustrate a real situation , then your students will probably forget the concept or the idea , because they are not going to find it any practical use .
As a matter of fact , I have seen that the leasons I give to students that include a fact as an example of a concept or idea , are the leasons that students not only like the most , but show more interest in .

I am not saying that concepts and ideas are not important .
Of course you need to teach students concepts and ideas , due to the fact that an important part of knowledge is based on them .
But , if you do not add facts as a great resource in order to explain a concept or idea , then your students are not going to be able to relate both theorical and practical knowledges .

Bearing all this in mind , I have to say that I believe you can not choose between teaching concepts or ideas , or facts to your students , if you want them not only to understand what your are teaching them , but finding it a practical use in their lifes .
You have to combine concepts and ideas with facts in your teaching methods and that is the hardest part of all , but that is a different subject .
`` Where there is a will , there is way '' .
Also , generally the willingness is inversely proportional to the years one has lived for .
In other words with some reservations I agree with the statement that the desire to enjoy wanes as years pass by .

Young people are more full of zeal and enthusiam and possess the energy required to be applied to any entertainment activity .
These activities could be sports , dance parties , trekking , mountaineering , rafting , surfing so on and so forth .
As we reach senility perhaps the will to be the part of a group of happenning people fades off .

Another reason that may explain that aged people have limitations while they want to enjoy is the level of responsibilities they bear .
Even if they plan to go out for a movie that may not require physical exercise , various trivial things are always after their life .
Child wanting to have an ice cream when the ` Hero ' is just planning to elope with his lady ...
ooops .
Further , what if he wants to play with a car that is at home ...
unimaginable .
These may seem to be very minor things but when it comes to solve the problem enjoyment and entertainemnt are left far behind .

Take another contrasting example of children below 5 .
No school blues , no home works , no restriction , nobody to take care of .
Quite easily they get the permission to play with their friends .

As technology and science have progressed so have developed the ways to get an exhilirating body / mind work out .
Video games for example are accessibilities that children cherish .
As older people may not be well acquainted with more modern machines they may find it difficlut to enjoy in this way .

While I rewrite that where there is a will there is a way I am not just repetitive .
I now want to present the reservations I mentioned in the introduction .
However , old age may bring physical weakness , loss of agility , there are various methods in which they try and live their lives to fullest .
Golf , the game of old gentlemen is quite a challenging affair , which even I have n't ever been capable to win .
Chess is the next trump card they come up with when no body movement is desired .

Moreover , I have seen people who have their secret groups in which they organise personal parties , go for trips and enjoy life in the way they want .

After , all the examples and explanations I would like to conclude that fervor is the only requisite ingredient .
Age does't matter a lot ( but certainly to some levels it does ) .
The answer to this question must take into consideration different complex matters .

First of all one need to clarify the concept of `` their community '' .
I would suggest that nowadays young people rightly consider a group of peers to be `` their community '' .
They consider themselves part of a group of people with similar aspirations , cultural interests , ways of acting and manners of speech .

The same sort of close community connection is of course part of the way of living in a modern society : People generally do not relate so much to the entire society or nation but have their preferred community chosen from a pluralisitic set of options .
Once they have joined their community of choice they tend to spend a lot of time advancing the interests of their community and fostering solidarity and friendship among the members of that particular community .
From this point of view young people act in very similar ways : They feel attached to a group of friends or to a speficic life style .
Once they are attached they equally spend a lot of time supporting and helping that particular community they are member of .
In that sense I would be inclined to disagree with the statement .

The problem is thus not so much that young people do not give enough time to helping their community but rather that one might disagree on what should count as their community in the first place .
It is often the case that adults do not like to see young people relate to their peers and would like to be an active part of a larger community that includes the adults .
While this desire might be understandable from the point of view of the adults - even if only for the simple fact that this would probably give adults more power to control young people - I do not believe it to be in the best interest of young people .
The best way for them to learn the meaning of community solidarity is by experiencing solidarity in a group they truly and almost naturally feel attached to .
Helping the community is not something a young person should be forced to do but something he or she should come to see as providing mutual advantages .
Eventually most people will realiye that the solidarity the y enjoy in their specific community can only have true value and meaning if the community of peers is part of a larger cmmunity called society which eventually will need some support from the members as well .
The number of cars people own is always cited in papers or articles when judging a nations economic and transportation development .
From some scholars and economists ' perspective , the more a society possesses , the better-off its citizens are .
This is why some people predicts that there will be much more cars in use in twenty years than there are today because the global economy is booming prosperously .
However , as far as I am concerned , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
The reasons are as follows : For the first thing , as people are concentrating on economic development in differnt societies , almost everyone in the world are paying more and more attention to protecting the environment .
Cars , which consume fuels and give off a lot of waste air , are then objected by a large number of environmentalists .
The development in China is a typical example .
Twenty years ago , heavy industries and factories mushroomed with no regard of what harm they might do to the environment .
After experienced a serie of frustrations of the polluted water , contaminated ground and deforested plants , today Chinese people have come to know how to combine economic development and environment protection .
As a result , people are encouraged to use cars as little as possible .

For the second thing , fuel in the whole world is in short .
It is reported just two days ago in CCTV news that the price of fuel in Chinese market has risen again because of the lack of fuel all around the world .
As the natural resources are so limited , we have to consider what we can leave to our offsrings if we keep consuming them at such a high degree .
So , if we limited the number of cars in use , we can make significant contribution to reserving the natural resources .

Admittedly , to limited the number of cars in use may cause some inconvenience to some people .
For example , those who working far from home everyday may feel worried .
In order to solve this problem , I recommend that the government take measure to develop transport vehicles that do not consume fuel and thus do no harm to the environment such as undergrounds .
For other peoples who do n't have to go very far to work everyday , they can go by bicycle .

In conclusion , as the natural resources are limted and as the environment needs to be procted by everyone , we should use cars less .
Then in twenty years there will be fewer cars in used than there are today .
Young and old people have different way of living .
Yet they both enjoy life .
On the first hand I will see why it is often said that young people enjoy life more than older people .
On the other hand I will show that the statement is not always true .

First , young people are more ealthy and it easier for them to have a lot of activities .
For example , students are more likely to hang out at night and wake up early in the morning .
Yet , it is their way of enjoying life .

Then , student life such as living on campus helps partying , having meetings and doing sport .
Young people enjoy life more than olders because they are always discovering things for example they learn new things every day in class .

Finally , young people are not as conscious of the dangers as older people and so they just live without taking care of the troubles they may meet .
For an example we always say that children are innocent because they just live their life by playing , eating and sleeping .
We could go as far as to say that they enjoy more life because they have less troubles than older people who still enjoy life but differently .

First , we must bear in mind that enjoying life is an important part of our intellecutal development and that we need to be happy in order to live well .
Older people have different activities , they may prefer staying at home reading a book instead of hanging out with friends .
That do not mean that they enjoy life less than young people .

Then , if older people seem to be more calm amd to enjoy less life than young people it is probably because they have already been young , and everything youth are doing now they have done it a long time ago !

Actually , adults who have to take care of a familly may have less time to enjoy their life in the same way that they did before but that does not mean that they do not enjoy life , because familly life for them may be more enjoyable than student life .

To conclude , as far as I am concerned I would say that people enjoy their life differently wether they are young or old but they still enjoy their life .
To my mind only a person is able to say if he is enjoying is life or not , and it is difficult to compare because it depends on everyones taste .
As a young person myself , to judge wheather old people enjoy their life more or less than the young people could result in a hasty generalization , since I have limited knowledge on older people 's view , but from the restrospect of my personal expereince , I think older people as an adults enjoy life more than the younger people , the teenagers .

In our society , it is the common notion that teenagers are less serious , resposible , and even ` intellegent ' when compared to an adults who are concieved as more experienced , wise and intellegent .
Consequently , the teenageer often face many social challenges that limits teenagers freedom to explore certain part of the society , such as voting or entering a bar/club .
It is undoubtful that these laws that forbid teenagers or underaged people from exploring certain things are necessary to some degree in maintaing order in society , but when the degree of limtiation becomes overwhelming and too great , it also limits teenagers attempt to pursue their enertatinment and enjoyment .
Unfortunatley , ther are many societies and cultures that encourage extremely stringent rules against the teenagers , such as some Asian countries like Korea and China , thus limiting teenagers ' options of enterntaining .

In Asian society , like Korea , students until high schools must follow extremely stict guideline that is proveided by the school , such as keeping the hair to certain length and style , wearing uniform that resemebles that of everyone elses , and preoccupying constant academic pressure provided to all students from the school .

Unfortunatley , in Korean society , almost all teenagers are going through this stringent lifeguidline and overwhleming pressure and expectations , which leaves no room for a brief hiatus or psychological respite for the teenagers .
Therefore greatly limts them from not only exploring the nature to develope appreciation for the nature , but also from pursuing their interest , passion , and entertainment .

Although this example only emcompasses the teenagers living in Korean society , there are so many other society , though in different degree , have some preconceived misconception that discriminates or limits teenagers from pursuing certain things and exploring certain part of the society .
Therefore , discouraging oppertunities for youngs to fully enjoy life as the adult who have more freedom , do .
In my opinion people do n't have success because they had tried new things and taken more risks , but because they had done what they knew they do well .

To become successful people it 's better to focus only on what they already know and are strong in .
If you have a very good preparation either for your experience or for your academic knowledge , you will be successful without taking risks or trying to do something you are not good in .

This , because you can sell yourself in a better way , for example , if you have to find a job , specially when you are just graduated and begin to apply for a work for the first time in your life , it 's important to demonstrate what you are able to do thanks to your skills and know-how previously acquired .

In addition , if you are very strong to do something because it 's not new for you , without accepting risks you 'll show a great capacity to do it , although you 're doing that just for personal satisfaction .
In both cases the more you are sure in what you 're doing because you know how to do well , the more people can trust you and obviously they also will ask you some advices .

On the whole , being successful people because you are very expert in what you are doing , will be easier than when you are taking risks even to do something you are very weak .
In this way you can reach a personal satisfaction just doing what you are strong in and I think it will be surely a big personal satisfaction because what we know how to do well is what we like to do .
it is a matter of fact that doing only what you already know how to do it 's a safe ground to moove on .
Most people prefer to live a quiet life , without risks , and troubles , while trying new things implies a certain degree of uncertainty .
At the same time it is true that the contemporary world is extremely competitive and being a successfull person is everything but easy .
To be successfull you need someone who notices you , and gives you the opportunity to show what you can do .
Specially at the very beginning , it is hard to be noticed among all the others .
Trying new things is a good way to avoid easy comparisons .
How can someone judge you on something which is completely new ?
On the basis of which criteria you can be considered either better or worse han someone else ?
Sometimes competing on a complitely new groud has a lot of adavnatges .

I am deeply convinced that being successfull everyday means basically being able to be different , without fear of being far away from the avarage .
A successfull person needs to be brave , in order to dare more than the rest of his competitors .
You need to have a great self confidence in order to take the risk to fail .
I think someone reaches the real success when he has no more fear to make mistakes .
Everyone learns from mistakes , it is a kind of natural rule .
Most mistakes provide you with the right answer to another question , and this is the way life goes on .

In addition , I think doing only things that you already know how to do is an acceptable way of living for oldish people .
Sometimes , when you get old , you are scared by all the new challenges of the world around you .
Old peole most times are weak .
Illness can affect the general mental condition of people , pushing them to be scared by everything around them .
The problem is that the same attitude is generally widespread among young people as well .
It is probably coming from modern culture , and the contemporary view of waht life is .
The main issue shoul be what life could be , instead .
I do n't understand why most young people living in big towns always seem to be so bored of living .
Thet do n't even try to be successfull people .
They simply accept to live an ordinary life , avoiding the risk to fail .
The issue given at the hand is the usage of cars in the coming years .
This issue is difficult as I have to present the various thoughts in this regard .
I think that the usage of cars in the next 20 years is going to increase for the reasons that I am going to mention now .

The first reason that I think that people would use more cars because the people in the developing countries are more focused on their travelling modes and are concerned about the comfort that using a personal vehicle can have .
This is suggested by the fact that the number to car manufacturers are growing world - wide and that the customers are regularly offered cars a relatively low prices to encourage their sales .
Even new designs have appeared and people are mad after the latest model car available in the market .

Secondly , owing a car is considered as a symbol of prestige and is no longer restricted to high - income earning people .
Any person who owns a two wheeler would dream to buy a car in near future and considering the population of average earning group world wide this claearly indicates that their wil be an increase in the usage of cars .
This is human nature to long for more sophisticated things and car is just one of them .
Even the point that the entire family can travel comfortably in one car cannot be ruled out .

Thirdly , even if the traffic problem is considered , many developing countries are now building fly-overs , bridges and other architectural constructions keeping in mind the increase in the traffic in near future .
Considering the design features many cars are now designed to be smaller so that they can fit in the most crowded road very easily .
Even the parking problem is solved using magnificient structures that allow many vehicles to be parked at a single place which is usually underground .
So even the government is expecting the increase in the use of four wheeler .

Fourth reason that can be given is the development of new technology that ensures reduction in the fuel required , even the use of CNG can be considered which guarantees no pollution , increase in the performance of the vehicle and hence overall contributon to reducing the environmental pollution , which is usually bought in these cases , contribute to the increase in the number of car owners .

For all the reasons-peoples attitude , traffic problem which can be solved , car manufacturer new designs and efforts in reducing the environmental pollution - I have mentioned above I think that the number of car owners are going to increase in the next twenty years .
Making so generel a statement ( such as `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' ) can only lead to an ambiguous answer : one cannot divide the world so easily .

It appears theoretically right to say that young people enjoy more life ; I would say they have less reasons to be bitter : they have not yet been confronted to the affliction .
For example they do n't know about the wounds of love , the stress of work or the responsibilites of adult life like monetary preoccupations .
Children have much to learn and their ignorance protects them from unhappiness .

But it is this same ignorance that rules their somehow unstable behaviour : unhappiness ( manifested through abundance of tears , screams ) can hit them for an unimportant reason .
A child who sees his parents go for work might seem to have seen them die , crying for long minutes ; their despair is intense .
This emotional unstability has another side : unhappiness does rarely last and the crying child can be seen a few minutes later playing and laughing .

Older people feel sadness differently and it changes their overall happiness in various ways : some will bear with pain the numerous difficulties they have encountered in their life ; they will accumulate and eventualy they will spend all day thinking about their preoccupations or afflictions , neglecting the simple pleasures of life .
A grown-up man will think about the girlfriend he just lost and think that there is no happy love ; he will see his parent grow old ant think of death , of the vanity of life .

But on the opposite hand a man with the same background can react very differently : if he has a philosophical temper , he will not fear death and think of a forthcoming love ; the thunderous atmosphere in his workplace will seem mundane , because they have seen it twice , thrice and more .
Nothing surprises him and he lives in serenity , or at least he knows how to deal with the pains of life .

To say that young people enjoy more life than older people can be true , but we must add that young people suffer more intensely from life and its small details than grown-ups .
Older people normally have a more linear behaviour , generally sad when they do n't know how to gauge the importance of what affects them , generally happy when they do .
Since the ancient times , man has investigated ways to improve the ways to explore the world and cover great distances with minimum effort .
From the invention of the wheel , to the establishment of the trade routes via ships , transportation has come a long way and gained even more importance .
In todays world , being able to travel freely is no longer a privilage , but a basic right for all human beings .
And , we simply would not be able to fully appreciate this right , if we did not have cars .

Cars give us the ability to travel individually and freely , assuming that we can afford to buy one and operate it .
They are essential for people who work , have families and have busy schedules .
One must also remember that for some people , their cars are essential in their struggle to make a living .
For instance people like taxi drivers and transporters rely on their cars .
As a result I believe that no matter how well the public transportation gets , in the next twenty years or so , there will still be a demand for individually owned and operated cars .
I belive that the need for cars will even be more significant with the expected increase in human population expected within the next two decades .

In todays modern world , twenty years is a long enough time for significant technological achievements to take place .
As a result , I also believe that these achievements will have a remarkable impact for cars as well .
I think cars will be a lot more different from what we have today .
They are going to be more efficient , more cost effective , less polluting and safer to operate .
Thus , more and more people would buy cars , or whatever replaces them , and as a result we will have more cars in the future .

People like cars for the things they offer us .
Things like freedom , independence and ability to make a living It is very important for all of us to have these things in our lives and cars can make this a reality .
By improving the means we produce cars in the next twenty years , it is possible satisfy the ever growing human population with the finish form of cars technology has to offer .
As a result I belive that the need for cars will be increasing in the decades to follow as well as their numbers in our lives .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I have two reasons to support my opinion .

First of all , I believe an understanding of a concept will lead to further understandings .
For instance , without the primary understading of how Muslim is practiced and worshipped , one will not be able to fully understand why a certain ritual exists in that religion .
By understanding ideas of a fact , one will also be able to develop his or her ability to think , and to interconnect different aspects of numerous information on various topics .
An example will be understading the concept of Darwin 's evolution theory .
Through this understanding , a student will not only learn a new biological fact , but he or she will also be able to connect this information in a history class when a discussion on the Industrial Revolution ( the time period when the theory was first introduced ) .
The student will learn that the revolution had allowed quick spread of the scientsit 's idea than before .
With the combination of the biological and historical aspects of Darwin 's theory , the student will be able to recognize the difficulty the scientist faced when he had informed the society his new idea , and had received many criticisms about it .

Secondly , I am against simply learning facts , because I seek no point in merely memorizing a piece of information .
Even is one was able to answer a question correctly , if the person was unable to explain the reasons for the answers , not much credit can be given .
Let 's say a man knew that mixing an imputiry in water will lower its melting point .
Even if he did know that fact , if he did not know how this could help him in a real life situation , how much would this knowledge mean to him ?
What would be the point in knowing such thing ?
On the other hand , if the man had the understanding that an impurity lowers water 's melting point , his understanding will allow him more thinking , integrating this fact to the other knowlegde the man possesses .
The man will incorporate his knowledge that salt is an impurity , that snow is also a form of water , and that the ground becomes slippery when snow melts .
As a result , he knows that he can pour salt over snow to prevent it from melting quickly , preventing people to slip .

With these reasons , I belive it is more important for students to understand ideas than to learn just the facts
People can be successfull in a lot of different ares .
They can be successfull in sports , or music or in their proffession .
But do they have in common , that they are trying new things and are taking risks ?

In my opinion , that is definitely the case .
People who are successsfull know what it means to be good at something .
To get this feeling in manz different ares they try new things , because it could be possible that they succeed in this area as well .
For example a good basketballer .
He loves beeing the one people cheer at .
To get this feeling more often he begins doing highjump or so .
So that he could be successfull more often .

I think that another very important point is the fear that they could suddenly fail , and this fear is as higher as successfull you are at the moment .
Failing in an area in which everbody considers you to be good is much harder than failing in something you are doing the first time .
If I am doing a IQ test and I was successfull , I fear to do it again .
Because I am worried about if I am as good as the last time .
But doing an other test would not mind because no one could compare my results .
So I prever to take some risk and do something new .

The most important argument is that successfull people are willing to search for new aims and new competitions in their live more than `` looser charackters '' .
They are not worried about failing because they know they are good in something .
No , they search for new competitions and new hurdles they could take successfullly .
My friend for example is very good at athletics .
But he does not want to stay here at home and do his sport like it is right now .
No , he wants to go in a foreign country to compete there and to meassure with other students .
This means a completly new surrounding for him and the risk he could fail , or could be not as successfull in athletics as he is here in Germany .

All in all I agree with this statement , because I only know successfull people , who are not only doing things they know they are good at , but who are trying new things and taking risks .
Generally , innovation is better than just sticking with what you know to work well ; it is the way of evolution .
But it is still important to stay within an area of specialization when you try new ways to accomplish your goals .
That is to say , overdiversification can hurt your chances of success because you will not be as good with everything you can do , as opposed as when you are specialized .

But , when you try new experiences , you acquire a new perspective on life , and you may find solutions and ideas that help you succeed better in your own field of study .
Of course , taking risks is a gamble , because then you can lose everything you have already accomplished , so taking risks can lead to more stress in your life .
In turn this stress is a hindrance on performance , which just increases your chances of failure .
It is for this reason that you must still have a clear plan of action when you take risks .
Organizational skills come in handy to draw up a clear plan of action , defining what your objectives are , what you seek to accomplish .

So , we could say that the risk has to be calculated for it to be a good policy .
Indeed , if the consequences of failure are not known before you start a new initiative , this initiative has a very good chance of hurting you a lot more if it fails than if you had planned : after all , you may not be able to recoup the losses incurred by such a failure .

Which means , taking risks and trying new things are the way to success , but you must not embark on such entreprises carelessly , without due consideration of the consequences , or you may end up much less successful than if you had just stuck with what you already knew !
I disagree with the statement `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' , because that people have more self-confident than others .

For this statement , there are a easy reason .
When you do something successful , you are glad and you know that you can do something well .
So you have more self-confident than other people who try to do something well but it doesn ' t want to be as they want .
And this must be a reason in my opinoion , why successful people have to search a new challenge .
Often a new challenge brings some risks with it .
But successful people shouldn ' t be worry about that .
For them it should be nice to have a risk and to do something new .
You can compare it with the words `` No risk , no fun '' ...

Perhaps for some successful people it could be boring to do the same all the day .
In my opinion , they have to test something new .
It is too easy to do what they already know how to do well .
The problem is that these people can ' t improve their-selfs anymore in this way .
This is bad and don ' t help them in their lifes .
And for me , the life is only interesting that when you finish something that you have to find a new challenge in your life .
Than you have something in front of you what you can reach .
I think that is important and not to do only things , yo already know how to do well .
That is too boring , I think .

But perhaps , successful people only do something they already know how to do well to not become problems , because they aren ' t so good at the beginning like before .
Perhaps , these people are afraid of doing something new .
But this can ' t be a reason to stop of doing something new .
I think , it is too important to look for new challenges that you can ' t never stop it ; never now and never in your whole life .
Of course many people might think , that the youth has become more egoistic and at a certain point I agree with that .
If you take a look on the big cities , you see everyone living on his own , maybe additionally caring about his parents and his girlfriend , but that is all .
In my opinion this is just an brief impression .
If you take a deeper look , you would find out , that there are still a lot of beneficial clubs , who do spend time helping the community even without being paid .

And that 's why I think the situation has not changed in the recent years , there are just more youths living in the cities and the people tend to see only that ones , that do not care .
Especially in smaller towns , there are a lot of young people , who want to help others for example in sport clubs or at church .
I know a lot of people at my age , who are interested in these things .
Concerning myself , I am member in the football club in my town , where I do the train for almost 20 kids together with a friend .
Sometimes this is very hard and exhausting , but it is just such a fantastic feeling to do something for the kids .
Especially because I know , how I appreciated the football train the time I was in their age .

Moreover I am also member of a youth group , that belongs to the church .
With this group we often organize trips for younger members to the zoo or bike-tours .
Once a year we have a one-week camp , sleeping in tents .
This is really exciting , because instead of shopping or watching TV , we are singing or playing games in the nature , which is really something totally different from the dayly life .
Sometimes we also organize something for the older people in our town , like drinking coffee or playing cards .
In my opinion there is nothing better than a simple `` thank you '' or even just a smile on the face of a young boy or girl .
So in addition , especially in smaller cities or towns there are still young people , who are encouraged in helping others .
Advertising a product is an effective way for companies to increase their revenue by displaying their products or services in various ways ( TV commercials , posters , shows , etc ... ) .
It can be argued that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Advertisements will never show the disadvantages or problems with a product that is being displayed .
The company of the specific product will only show the positive side of the picture , whereby they will exaggerate upon the advantages of the product .
This is only natural , as they are trying to sell their product and in order to accomplish this , they need to catch the eye of the consumer .
For example , advertisements or commercials of SUVs are always over-the-top .
They will show their SUVs going on the worst possible terrains , showing how effective they are and they will always point out small details that make it `` the best in the world '' or `` better than their rivals '' .
They also point out that their SUV is the one for everyone .
That may not be neccessarily true , as everybody has their own tastes and not everybody is forced to like the same thing .

The specific advertisement i talked about will never show how reliable the SUV is or what problems one can encounter compared with it 's rivals .
Whenever a price is given of the product ( for example an SUV ) , that price is usually the basic model or the minimum that wo n't get the consumer much .
In other words , they are cheating in a way because a consumer who becomes interested in the SUV will find out that for all the facilities the SUV has in the advertisement , there will be a big increase in the money paid from the price given in the advertisement .

The companies know how weak the consumer can be once a successful advertisement of a product is given and will therefore make the product look like it 's the ultimate thing to have .
Their only aim is to make the consumer buy the product .
They do not neccessarily care about what happens after the purchase , as the company has already benefited from the profit being made .

All of the above supports my opinion on agreeing with the statement that most advertisements do make products seem much better than they actually are , as they do not give the consumer a clear idea of what the product is really like .
I agree with the statement .
I think most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The companies often mislead the customers by putting exceptions in very small prints , by over exaggerating , and by using famous actors and athletes in their advertisements .

First of all , when I pay close attentions to advertisements , I often see advertisements with very small prints at the bottom that are hard to see .
Those prints states exceptions .
For example , the advertisement may say , `` 80 % of people lose weight by using this product ! ''
However , I may see a print at the bottom that says , `` this is not based on scientific data . ''
This is just one type of the `` exceptions '' that most people do n't catch .

Additionally , the companies use catch phrases all the time to attract customers .
They often exaggerate too much .
For example , the advertisement of pills losing weight might say , `` Do n't you want to look like a model ?
By taking this pill , you can become really skinny easily like top models ! ''
Do n't you think this catch phrase is a bit awkward ?
Pills do not make you look like a super model .
It exggerates way too much .

Moreover , the companies often use famous actors , actresses , or athletes in their advertisements .
For example , sports companies , such as Nike , Adidas , or Puma , might use Micheal Jordan when advertising for basketball shoes .
Cosmetic companies often use beautiful actresses .
The costomers assume that the actress uses that product and buy that product .
Also , in advertising for medicines , they companies use doctors and nurses who seem to know what they are talking about .
By using professionals of each area , the companies are able to convince more customers .
Doctors are much convincing when talking about medicines rather than having some random shop keepers talking about the topic even if they were saying same things .

To summerize , I agree with the statement , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The companies often mislead the customers by putting exceptions in very small prints , by over exaggerating , and by using famous actors , athletes , and professionals in their advertisements .
However , you cannot just blame the companies .
To sell products and compete with other companies , that is one of the most important strategies .
Thus , you must be very careful in seeing the advertisements .
A well known Korean idiom says ; Enjoy life when you are young because you ca n't when you are old .
People tend to think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
However , this thought is not correct with following reasons .

Old people have different ways to enjoy their lives from young people .
While young people prefer more active lives , older people tend to enjoy calm and more private lives ; Young people enjoy going to bars , participating social activities , and meeting new people .
On the other hand , older people tend to enjoy activities at home and interacting with close friends and family .
Since the ways young people enjoy life are more noticeable , this difference between young and older people 's preferences can give an impression that young people enjoy life more than older people .
However , it is not true .
Old people have different ways to enjoy life , and their ways are not as easy to observe as the ways young people enjoy life .

Moreover , older people can do things that young people ca n't afford .
Old people are likely to have more wealth than young people , and therefore , can afford things that one can not experience without financial abiltiy such as expensive trips or high class restaurents .
Since money is an important factor that restricts people 's lives , having financial ability help one enjoy life better .
Also , older people are more experienced in life .
They can view things in a broader and deeper way than young people can .
One 's thoughts and feelings are important in decinding the qulity of life , and therefore
I firmly agree with the statement that knowing several subjects and being polyvalent in various fields is much more important that specializing in one topic .
In nowadays society , things change so fast that the minute you start a career or a specialization , the minute the facts and figures of the subject have changed .
This essence of broad knowledge is what makes people succeed in the world .
Unless you are 100 % sure that you vocationally want to specialize in a subject , the risk of not finding a suitable job because of the deviation of job offering is too high .
Both in terms of time and money .
For instance , imagine that you decided to study telecommunications sometime around the Internet boom .
After you completed the 5 years of hard work , you get out to society with high hopes and great expectations and suddenly you realize that the world has no need for Telecommunication professionals anymore because the market crashed down !
Then you would most probably regret not to have chosen a more general Engineering diploma such as an Electronical Engineering degree .

Take the example of a devoted music student that really loves to play music to the point that he drops classes so he can go and play his music .
Perhaps , he will become a succesful singer or solo player , but the chances that he fails are there and when that really comes true , he will not be able to attend university classes because he did n't passed highschool .

Good and innovative ideas often are the result of composing other ideas .
If on one side , you know how pollution of carbon dioxide is chemically produced and on the other , you are an expert on plant species , perhaps you can find a way to create a system to purify the air in the world .
And moreover , if you have skills of marchandising and marketing , you can probably be in the Forbes ' next month main page .

Think that you can always specialize in the future .
Going from the trunck of a tree to the tip of a branch is easy , but getting from one tip to another tip is , literally , as going back in time .
I think that we will see fewer cars on the road in 20 years from now non .
Even though cars broght us many conveniences so far , together came many problems with cars .
They have been polluting the evironments ; are exhausting natural resources ; and are not safer means of transportation than others .
So governments and companies are developing other transportatin methods .
People will ahve to choose other means of moving than cars .

First , environments have been polluted by cars so badly that we have to take drastic measures to block more pollution before the situation gets worse beyond our capability .
The experts say that the main source of air pollution is the consumption of fossil fuels , most of which comes from cars .
Albeit car manufacturers ' efforts to cut down the level of emission , there are limits in diminishing the emission .
Besides emitted gases , we are appalled at the noise from cars in the metropolitan downtown like Mahattan , New York .
The only solution to be pursued should be fewer cars on the road .

Second , cars are called gas guzzlers because they consume so much gasoline .
We are dependent on imported petroleum to run our cars .
The world is running out of petroleum in the not-so-far future .
We are at a critical time where we should curtail the use of cars .
There will be fewer cars if the oil prices skyrocket to the unbearable level .
Recently the prices went over more than 70 U.S. dollars a barrel .

Third , comparatively speaking , cars are not safer than other transportations , e.g. , buses , subways or trains .
We are seeing so many casualties , amputees and disadvantaged from car accidents .
Big mass transportations as safer movement tool bewteen places will be preferred if we have more convenient mass transportation system .

Fourth , governments and companies are making various efforts to alternative transportations .
For example , some companies are developing monorails , magnetic buyant trains and high-speed electric trains .
Monorails and the high-speed electric trains are already in operation between Seoul and Busan , Seoul and Gwangju in Kroea .

Finally , it will be inevitable to give up on cars and turn to inexpensive , efficient vehicles in the future .
Every one 's wise choice will save the Earth from dirty pollutants , free the country from dependency on imported oil , save many lives from tragic accidents and steer Korean toward more livable place .
In our today 's modern world , we are invaded by cars .
Cars are everywhere creating big problems for the envrionment .
There are no more spaces to park his vehicle , they pollute the environment so much that it is hard to breath sometimes , but still , their number is increasing .
I do not agree with the statment that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In my essay , I will talk about the influence of the economic 's growth , the new technologies , and the importance of transportation .

In modern societies the economie increases which also improves people level of life .
People having a higher level of life is translated by receiving higher incomes , in other words people have more money .
A family with low incomes will purchase only one car to fit their needs , however if the same family receives higher incomes , it gives them the possibility to purchase an another car etc ...
That is why today in modern societies , we only see one driver for one car .
With higher level of life , people are purchasing more vehicles .

An increasing economie allows to spend more money in reasearch of new technologies .
By purchasing more cars , you give the ability to the manufacturer to gain benefits to improve their product .
A google example today is the Japanese company Toyota , they created a hybrid model , which in short allows the costumer to save fuel and to pollute less .
To create new technologies , researcher needs money to be able to advance .
The vehicle 's market is on a growth slope , and every new model of cars shows a technologie improvement .

As far as human 's history is known , transportation has always been important .
the world today is not closed , boundaries are opened and always need to reach different point in this world .
it has always been for economical reason .
For example , a person works in a big city but cannot afford to live inside the city .
This same person will buy a place outside the city .
To be able to reach her work from her home she will need transportation .
At first it was walking , then bicyle but the person is looking for a faster way therefore she buys a car .
The car is not safe so she will purchase a safer car , and so on ...

Transportation is very important for us .
Purchasing new cars give the ability to the manufacturer to improve their vehicle .
I do not agree that there will be fewer cars in the twenty years .
The growing economie is allowing the cars to improve therefore will we have better , safer and even more cars on our road .
I completely agree with statment that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There can be exceptions but in general younger people are tend to enjoy more on account of their high energy levels and will to live life to it 's fullest .

Younger people are more energetic , fit , enthusastic , experimental , sporty in nature and more excited towards events of life they are facing or they are going to face .
On the other hand older people are compratively not much enthusiastic because of ill fitness , lack of energy , lack of will to do things .
Fed up from their problems .
They do not prefer experimentation or adventure .

When I was of age 6 i always wanted my grandfather to run with me , run my bicycle .
He used to refuse and he used to see my enjoyment by riding bicycle .
I used wonder why he is not being part my happiness my enjoyment .
But later I realised I grew up that he was heart patient and could not afford to run and enjoy like i did .
Age , diseases made him weaker and he was refused to do even simple things that he wished to enjoy .
Younge people can do whatever they wish and this is treasure of happiness .
If one wishes to climb the hill one need to think about it .
But this is n't case when it comes to older people .

Energy , fitness anr not the only things .
Willpower is lacking in older people .
I had one professor who used to teach me langauge calles `` Sanskrit '' .
He was always in demand to give lectures , teaching students .
But now he is 88 and `` Sanskrit '' is something he sepnt his life for .
He is very fit for his age .
But still he is not able to teach students and give lectures even at renowed universities because he do not have that same willpower .
He can ot enjoy something he did for his whole life .

Younge people on contrary can go and party late , they can play , they can race , they can climb mountains .
They have willpower to acheive something in life .
They can try their level best with energy and will and can enjoy their success .
Youngsters have broader vies towards society so they can enojoy what they get without any conflict .
I know my borther who parties every night , goes on trekking every alternate sundays , get good marks , gets success out of whatever he wants to do .
But in same home he lives , his grandmother can not enjoy beyond going to temples and to meet some relatives .
Also younger people can take defeat is something which will make them emotionally strong while older take is as failure .
That takes the enjoying of winning away from them .

Confidence , will , energy these are key points of happiness .
And unfortunately olders don not have them compared to younge people .
So i think youngsters enjoy life more than olders do .
wisdom comes with age .
it does not matter whether you are old or young then .
but fun or adventure and excitement in life is explored to its zenith in the youth .
young people enjoy life more .

this could be debated on both sides of the wall , but the fact remains that the zest , enthusiasm , energy and vitality of youth allows more movement than does the jade , nostalgia or the knowledge of oldage .

young people have not seen life yet , they have not been there nor have they done it all , therefore their curiousity backs them in their fun intent .
while an old person will wait , watch , seek the pros and cons of his actions and then make a decided move .
spontainity is half the fun !

a young man , for example , could leave his studies , dip into a job and earn his bit for a while , since he may be single and not loaded with worldly responsibilities or that his partner and he have the capacity to work it out so that both of them can have some fun .
while and older man will weigh the repercusions of leaving his job for education or even in persuit of greener pastures because of his capacity and experiences that people have to face hardships unbearable at the loss of income or shift in earning to the lower end .

a youth , say in his early twenties , is capable of juggling an education and a career for himself , this is more difficult for an older person in may be his early thirties , and quite impossible for an even older person in his late fifties or early sixties .
this young man , in throes of love may even leave his job to go out with his mate , but to expect such an action from an older man is something of dreams .

a young woman , that is why , makes a better more attentive , responsive and active mother than an older woman .
it is besides the point that an older woman may find it hard to bear a child , but even child bearing is a part of youth full fun .
bringing up children is as much as a job as it is fun - seing what you have almost created grow and florish before you is a pleasure quite different from the one that grandparents derive .

a person in her youth may confidently go bunjee jumping , paragliding or even white water refting , something that and older person would have to get medical checkups done for !

thus it is quite apparent that younger people do have more fun , but it does not imply that older people cant .
its just that their taste in fun differs at thier age .
The question faces an actual problem in the modern societies : the role of the young people in building the future society , through helping their communities - by means of a social , cultural and political help - and the capability of such young people to build themselves as individuals and part of the society they live in .

In order to explain my point of view I need of course to not take into account those societies in which young people grow in war zones and are not able - because they probably never got any chance - to really know a peaceful existence .

Said that , and in particular now talking about the society where I live , I agree with the statement expressed in the question .
A lot of surveys , published in the most popular newspapers , show that young individuals just take care of their personal growth without considering how much they are touched by what happens around them .
These surveys also demostrate how much young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could afford if they were able to really put themselves in an effective relation with their communities .

As to the reasons that can get young people to have such behaviour , I guess the most important is the will of personal success related to a deep indifference .
As a concept , indifference takes people - young or not - to not care the world 's changing and in continous evolution .
Trying to find out the roots of this feature would seem to be a task , or a hard challenge as well , of the modern sociological sciences .
Than , in my opinion , the willing of personal success is the reason that explains such non-accuracy .
Young people fully involved in studies , careers , will of easily earn money , seem to forget the place they come from .
My parents often tell me to enjoy life .
I understood that they have some regrets about things they wanted to do but they did n't .
That 's why I am sure that older people enjoy life more than young people .

I consider that young people are people from 15 to 30 years old .
I think young people do n't have time to enjoy life .
Except the young people who do n't care about his future , the others have always to work hard in order to have a good job , a good life ...
They are constantly worried by something .
Older people , who know that there are things more important than money because of their experience , try to enjoy life as long as they can .
That 's why my parents , and more generaly most of the parents , try to have good times with their children , even when children do n't want .

The fact that older people know the death , and realize how life is short , is a reason of my conviction .
They try to do everything they could n't do when they were younger , and that 's why we can observe more and more parents practicing activity `` reserved '' to young people .
I remember the day I met a group of older people in a party organized for young people .
It was really amazing because they seemed to have more fun than us .

I do n't say that young people never have fun .
We see more young people in concert or bowling than older people .
But the way to appreciate the moment is not the same .
Because of their experience , older people tend to appreciate more than us .
Younger people often do n't realize that life will not be always like a student life .
They think that it will go on so they do n't appreciate .

To conclude , older people enjoy life more than younger people , as far as their body allows them .
I agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
First of all , I think that the people today worry much more for the envioronment than in the past .
The goverment and associations such as Green Peace try to get people involved to protect our planet and in my opinion their are achieving their purpouse .
There are lots of people that go to work in bus and other public ways of transport , or share a car with other people to go to work every day .
The governments in some countries are also trying to control the pollution by laws and restrictions such as not allowing to drive cars one day or another depending on the number plate .

Another fact that I think will influence on the decrease of the number of cars in use is their price and the price of gas .
Young people that start their first job do n't earn enough to buy a car and to pay for gas every month .
I think the priority for them is to buy a house and since these are really expensive they do n't think about buying a car .

On top of this , going by car to a big city is a huge waste of time because there is always a lot of traffic .
For example , my friend Ana has to leave home at half past seven in the morning to go to work , but she does n't start until nine o'clock .
After the hard day of work she leaves at half past six in the afternoon , but she does n't get home until eight o'clock .
She wastes three hours every day on the road !
That is a lot of time and I think people are realising that is better to get the train because you know that you are always going to be on time and not wasting your day on the road .
Well I actually agree with this statement .
I will explain briefly some of the personal conclusions that led me to think this way .

The first one has to do with environment .
Almost every person in the world knows that the gases produced by cars are damaging our environment .
They are a lot of arguments to sustain this idea but one of the most important is the destruction of the ozone layer .
This terrible problem explains the appearance of many groups and individuals that are protesting and trying to change the rules of governments and the habitudes of world population .

Because of the concern of these organisations and many individuals and under the advise of many , many scientist some world leaders are engaged in this fighting , trying to avoid the world temperature to grow too much and attain certain levels .
One of the consequences is that governments are trying to promote the common transport .
For everyone having a car becomes more and more difficult .
You have to pay a great deal of money to get your car insurance , you have to pay for parking in the streets of many towns all around the world ( London , Madrid , Paris ... ) ...

Another important point is the decrease of world oil reserves .
The experts calculate that in about a hundred or two hundred years oil reserves will almost dissapear .
A lot of studies are being conducted to try to find a material to sustitute oil .
The findings are really amazing but for the moment they didn ' t find an appropriate substitute .
Well they tell us so .
Many people think that there must be many substitutes for oil but that oil and car companies does not want to promote these ones because of the money .
If these inventions see the light and prove to be good it will affect the market share held by these firms and in the future it can take to their complete dissapearance .
Marketing Success

It is not uncommon to hear or read opinions regarding products and how they are not what they were expected to be .
This is partially the fault of marketing and their advertisements , since what they do is create a perception of a product that may not be totally true in reality .
This is why I agree with the statement presented , `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''
.

A product can be anything from an idea , to something we consume .
Marketing 's objective is to increase acceptance of a product by using schemes to create a necessity and convince the end users to obtain that certain service , product , or idea .
It gets interesting when the `` acceptance '' translates into sales .
Which will bring important insights to my argument .

Since acceptance means buying a product , then advertisements may tend to exaggerate or seduce potential customers to persuade them into buying .
Since buying brings money to the company , and companies love money , more effort is put into adverstisements and marketing to boost sales .
So to speak , we are tricked by pro 's into buying .

This is probabbly why we are sometimes fooled by advertisments .
They are carefully made by experts who know what target market they want to reach , how they want to reach it , and , most importantly , how to convince that market .
These experts have studied psychology , learned about human behavior , performed surveys , and thus know how to adequately sell a product .

This scheme , this advertisement , triggers psychological needs that we have and makes us buy the product .
We sometimes do not need it , but we end up buying it because how well it was sold .
And it is after we assimilate how valuable this product , idea , or sevice really is to our daily lives that we then realize how we `` percieved '' a product to be better than what it really is .
It is as if we removed a blind fold , or eliminate the drug that fooled us into buying that good .
We understand how it is not a real necessity , and so , how that product is not as good as we thought it was .

The purpose of advertisements is to boost sales by convincing customers to buy a product .
We may get tougher and smarter , but advertisers will also get tougher and smarter .
What we then have to realize is how a product will improve and satisfy personal daily needs .
This way we will not get fooled into buying something that is not as good as we were tricked into believeing ...
`` Young peple nowafays do not give enough time to helping their communitites '' I believe this is untrue .
But I also believe that the ratio of people who do not help their communities of young people and adult are the same .
And these are as many adults who do not help to as many young people who do n't .

Many adults say that young people these days do n't help their communities enough .
To certain extent believe this is true and there are may young people who do not do these things , but i also believe that adults do not give enough time to helping their community too .
I do not think this is true everywhere , but I have seen a lot of adults in my area who do not participate at all to help their communities .
And I do not believe this is wrong because eveyone want their own spare time and do things that they like instead of sacrificing their time helping out the community .
So if adults do not want to sacrifice their time doing the work and do things they like , why should young people get some time to do things they like to do ?
So I really believe that adults and young people should not tell each other how they are not doing what they are suppose to do instead we should give eachother some space of our own .

Another reason that make this statement true is because adults are not showing us the right model .
As I mentioned , I have seen a lot of adults who do not participate at all in helping the communities , so the argument is if adults are not doing anything how can they order us to what they are not doing ?
Therefore I believe in order for young people to participate those activities , adults must first show the model to the young people , and eventually the young people will start to follow these adults as their models .

Overall I believe that helping out the communities and making them a better place is something good , and people do prefer these advantages , but what the adults should do first is not complaining about how young people are not doing what they are suppose to do but instead show the young people the right models so those young people will follow these modles togather making the communities nice places to live in .
The world we live in is getting more and more an egoistic , self-focused world .
It is true , at least in my opinion , that people are more reluctant nowadays to give their time to helping their communities .
However , I do not think this to be a characteristic of young peolple only .

Actually , I believe adults are the first ones to give us this bad example .
Pursuing always more their careers and always spending more time for themselves rather than for building up families or caring for their old relatives , the adults of this new millenium seems to prefer living by and for themselves rather than placing themselves inside communities .
This is at least the picture that the television and movie industry show us ..
just looking at worldwide famous sit-coms like `` Friends '' and `` Sex and the City '' , it is imposssible to find there portrayts of adults interested in something different than their jobs , their friends , basically their lives .

Younger people , instead , are becoming more and more sensible to their communities , probably because that feeling of `` enlarged family '' that in the past was typical of small cities has disappeared during the last years .
European Community launched many programs of national and international Volounteer Jobs in order to make youngsters understand how important is to be part of a larger community and share experiences with other , offering what you have and getting back what you lack .
An already ten year-old association active in the city I live in , called `` Time Bank '' , aims right at this purpose : you give others your time and help when you can , and in return they give you a `` time check '' by which you can ask back the time you donated to others when you will be in need of it !

It is therefore generally true that people have become more selfish and not always willing to help other members of their communities , but I also think that this will all change soon - mainly thanks to young people - because we have all understood that it is not easy nor good to live like floating islands on the same ocean , but is way better to start living as a real , strong community .
Today every fifth person in the world has a car which he calls his own , that 's what the statistic tells us in the daily news .
To have a car means not necessarily to have a drivers licence but a high number of car owners have one .

At the moment we are in 2006 and the price for one liter of disel petroil costs about one Euro and eight cent in Germany .
Let 's switch to 2026 , 20 years later , the question which will be asked is , are there fewer cars in use than there are today .
What could be reasons for driving no more cars in twenty years .

In 20 years the petroil prices will be raised enormous because oil gets more and more rare .
And if it gets rare it gets more expensive .
Only less people could pay a much higher price for petroil than they do today .
Where do we get petroil from .
New inventions like the solar car would be great to have at that time .
No more petroil , only sun .
I think that will be a great opportunity to drive cars in 20 years .
But does it work .
If the climate changes as fast as it changes at the moment you ca n't be sure that this theory works well .

Cars get more and more expensive .
New inventions , new designs , new colours , new sizes , new models ...
How could we pay for that .
In Germany people have less and less money to pay for cars .
Cars will get more and more a luxury product and only people with an high income and with less children or no children can afford a car .

The unemlpoyment rate grows more and more , in 20 years we will have a lot of unemployed people around the wold .
On one hand you have poor people who never can afford a car , on the other hand you have unemployed people who will get poor after a short period of time , so it 's a vicious circle , loose your job , have less money , get poor and we are at the point where you ca n't afford a car .

In my opinion we will have a great barrier between those who can afford a car and drive a car and them who ca n't buy cars to drive .
Those who have money will be able to buy the new luxury good like a car will be at that time , but these people show a minority of the world 's population .

So as a result I would say that in 20 years there will be fewer cars than today because of prices of petroil , the stronger environment rules , the unemployment situation and the not available people who could buy cars .

In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are tody !
I strongly agree with the fact that successful people are avid risktakers .
But first lets specify what success means ??
Success not only means to be happy in terms of wealth , fame and appreciation , it also has a lot of bearing to self-satisfaction and the feeling of being at peace with oneself .

Only if successful people cared about fame and money then I surely think that percentage of successful people living would have been far higher than it exists .
The reason being there are defined and speculative ways for ganing wealth and fame or making pots of money .
But for being successful in truest sense you have to be a risk taker .
Not essentially in terms of an explorer amid the ghostly white setup of Artic in his mission to reach the pole , but also in terms of an individual whose philosophy involves inviting new ideas , redefining the conventions and more importantly unlearing the redundant practices .

The people we today see enjoying corporate success , political success or even as movie stars have one thing in common .
They dared to look beyond what was obvious .
Then they took the next step or `` risk '' of questioning it and redefining it with a new startegy .
Thus not only Warren Buffet , Fidel Castro and Robin Williams did that they changed the way people look at the usual and maybe mundane workings of earning profits , driving a nation and being an accomplished actor .

This kind of reversal and effective transition of the geography of tasks , work and assignments in to challenges and goals is what defines successful people from rest of the lot .
I firmly believe that certain degree of non-conformity and questioning of dogmatic beliefs is also an ingredient to take your success to the next level .

People would ridicule you , laugh at you or even hurl abuses at you but remember companies like Apple Inc. were n't born out of cosy cushions of money and self apprasing practices .
It grew rapidly due to creativity and innovative ideas which also involve considerable risk and questioning but payback is healthy and self satisfactory .

To summarize the essay the society should be made of free thinkers and risk takers alongwith people who understand there vision , garner it and substantiate it into a reality .
I would disagree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks .
Rather , I would prefer to describe the success as a result of being aware of one 's own potential , which is related with ` what people already know and and how to do well` .

People can take risks any time in their life .
In fact , risk taking is an open venture to all humanity .
Nevertheless , only few could manage to be called successful , because they knew what they would do .
For instance , it 's hard to assert that , a person who has an outstanding performance in the school but not social enough , will achive to be a well kown stand up star .
If he tris his chance in show business , that would not be taking risk , but rather unrational , since the result would be catastrophe .
If that student develops a brand new idea in her or his related subject , that would again not be risk taking or trying new things .
The project or the idea of a person derives from his or her capacities .
Considering the hyper rich people and inventors , success stories are created and these are given as examples to the public .
However , there is no clear prescription of being successful that can be applied to all people .
Successful people are the people who could be able reach the knowledge of being their potential .

As in our illustration , the student in the school , being aware of his potential in studying , is more close to be succesful .
Today man 's dependence on automobiles is very much and will increase in the future .
I disagree with the statement `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . ''

Man is very much dependent on cars which forms his basic means of locomotion without which he cannot dream of going out .
He uses his car for many resons such as to go for work , to go out etc .
Futhermore the public transport is limited on which he ca n't rely upon for evereything .
In order to access public transport he should go to bus stations or to railway stations for which he should have some sort of transport to take him from home to those places .

The main thing which causes us to believe that cars will become lesser in twenty years is the pollution .
Automobiles cause a lot of pollution but recent adavancements in technology have provided new technologies that decrease pollution to a large extent .
New technologies have come which help to reduce the pollution created by the automobiles and to make them more fuel efficient which is also a mojor concern for the car users .

New technologies such as use of natural gas instead of petrol and diesel have come which decrease the pollution by a large extent .
This is also cost effective and has become popular in the developing countries like India .
Another technology which is more reliable is the use of battery power to run the cars and this causes zero pollution .
Technologies like use of hydrogen gas as a fuel is also on consideration and research is still going on in this field .

New technologies in the field of manufacturing are also coming which increase the durability of automobiles to a great extent i.e , they last longer .

Upon considering the following factors and reasons I dont think that there will be a decrease in the number of cars in the next twenty years .
I definitely agree with this statement .
There are several different reasons .
First of all there is the problem with having children .
Almost every older person has already his or her children .
This circumstance makes it impossible to be indipendent for example travelling around the world , going out , meeting friends , changing the job , changing your partner , planning your day individualy , etc .
In my opinion everything seems much more complicated .
By the time you are getting older and older and your health is decreasing .
This means free time activities are getting limited .
Most of the time older people do have more money and time to spend but are not able to live their dream because of children or physical problems .
These aspects do not mean that older people are not enjoying their life because this depends from the point of view .
I am right now a young person and it is clear that I am not ready to have children .
I 'm enjoying life now because I have the possibility to study , to go abroad to learn and improve different languages , to plan my whole day and week without taking care of someone .
This way of thinking seems really selfish and ignorant , but exactly this aspect makes it possible for young people to enjoy their life more than older people do , or better , even can .
Through this behavour it is possible to gain experience in different fields which creates finally your character and your point of view towards the whole social , public and private life .

This ignorant way of thinking also helps you to prepare yourself of not being hurt from others and .
According to my experience from the college years , I can say that learning facts is necessary to be successful in your undergraduate education since facts are used in every part of the lectures .
Also learning facts are of great value to understand the life and to make easier it for yourself .
Because the world and the environment that you live in is full of facts everywhere .
For example , you wake up every morning , see the Sun and then night comes and this goes on in this way .
So you can not understand the difference between morning and the evening unless you know the facts about the rotation of Earth around the Sun .
Hence facts help us to examine the world and have a meaningful life .
But I think that facts are not sufficient to understand everything .

Learning ideas and concepts is more important for students .
Because learning a concept means learning everything and understanding every term about it .
In the same way , learning an idea consists of learning every concept , every thought and every fact behind it .
So you can learn the facts while you are trying to get the meaning of an idea or a concept .
Also facts are hard to be memorized .
When you get the idea once , you do not forget it and you remember the fact by this way also .
Furthermore , having studied ideas and concepts will give us a way of thinking about people and their behaviors .
For example , when you are thinking on an idea or when you are analyzing an idea you may think about the people who had this idea before .
Questions such as `` why these people had proposed this idea such years ago ? '' or `` what kind of differences are there between us ? `` may come to mind .
Thus , these kind of questions help you to understand the behaviours of the people and may be useful to find out new things related to yourself .

As a conclusion , learning ideas and concepts are more valuable to students than learning facts .
All the business companies produce in order to sell their products and make profit .
They need advertisements to increase the demand for their products and convince the people to buy them .
In these advertisements , the companies generally try the best thing for themselves , they try to find ways in which they could make people buy their products to get their products sold and make a high profit from the business .

The purpose of advertisements is first to inform the possible consumers of the product and secondly to make them buy their product instead of the products of other companies if present .
The information about the product should be well-prepared in oder to sell much of them .
However , in most advertisements , the products seem much better than they really are .
This fact should be anticipated because people buy things of which they think it is the better one for their needs .
Being aware of this natural fact , the companies advertise their products in a way that they look better than their actual qualities .

Advertising a product in a way that it is shown in better quality than it really is might have also bad affects for the companies ' reputation .
The real fact about the product in poor quality may prevail in the general public leading to lower purchase rates for other later products of the company .
The companies should balance the misinformation they give about their products in advertisements by considering the fact that it may eventually result in failure in their future business .

To conclude , in most advertisements the products are shown to be in a much better quality to attract consumers attention to them .
This is normal from the perspective of the companies , since they want to have products which are sold much .
The issue at hand is whether understanding ideas and concepts is important for students rather than learning facts .
This is an important issue because the essense of education is not `` whats '' only but also `` how '' .
In my opinion , I believe that students need to understand how things happen rather than only learning facts about these things .
This is because of different things .

First of all , some students are not satisfied about just learning and memorizing .
Thus when the professor explains how certain things happened , the information will be stuck in the students head and they will have no future problems for memrizing some facts .
for instance , when it comes to engines , it is not likely to know only what engines are but how they work .
this will help in fixing both the results and the facts in the student 's mind .

Moreover , when it comes to real life , students will eventually start practicing what they learned in academy .
Some students will maybe forget some facts but just when they remeber how the professor explained this subject or how it works they will be able to work accurately in their real life .
Thus , understanding ideas helps the students to accuretly apply what they learned .

Furthermore , some facts could n't be learned unless understandable .
This is the fact of many physical theories .
For instance , professors can spend a lot of time explaining what current is .
But students need not know facts about currents but they need to know how it works to know where its field of application is .

As a result , it is important for students to understand ideas rather than learning facts .
This is because this will help them in their academic , future career and the fields of application
I do n't completely agree with this statement .
In a certain way , young people ( young adults ) enjoy life more than older ones , but , older people do enjoy life , at least certain aspects of it .
Of course , it also depends on your definition of `` enjoying life '' .

When you are young , healthy , when you do n't have responsabilities yet , you probably enjoy life : travelling , going out , practice sports .
For instance , travelling requires a certain physical ability : enduring a 12 hour flight , an eight-hour jet lag , different weather ...
Young people adapt more easily to these changes , while for older people , it takes more time .

But the counter point of being young , is that you have to study or work to build yourself a future , so you might not have as much time as someone who is retired .
Enjoying life for young people nowadays sometimes means taking drugs , which can cquse irreversable damage , and because of that , they wo n't be able to enjoy life as older people .

But on the other hand , when you are older , in general , you have more money and more time to spend .
For example , older people in their early retirement years .
They are still healthy , they have more money than a 20 year old student , they can travel where they want , for as long as they want .

But with age comes responsability .
You get older , you have a family to support , you ca n't go out clubbing every Saturday night .
And , when you get older , health is n't always on your side .
And with a bad health it is more difficult to enjoy small pleasures of life , for example , skiing when you have a bad knee , going to a concert when your hearing is getting worse .

As you grow older , your occupations change .
When you are 20 , you like going to clubs and dancing all night long , but by the time you are 45 , you prefer a quiet night with a couple of friends .
This is still enjoying life , just at a different level .

Some people say the point of being young is to enjoy life , but what 's the point if when you 're 50 , you have a heart disease that 's unables you to do the things you like ?
I would like to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts .
There are several reasons why I prefer this way .

First , a fact can be more easily to use if you know the concept of it .
If you do n't have any idea about some facts , you ca n't go further step in order to improve your ability .
For example , let 's say you know many formulas about math , but does n't know how to use it .
Of course it is really important to know formulas .
But , when you have a math test , you will be confuse because you have no idea what the formulas mean .
You 'll have variety of facts , but you ca n't use it properly .
By contrast , if you understand the concept of the formulas , you know how and when to use it .

Secondly , if you know the concepts of something , it is easily to understand the facts .
This is because you feel comfortable when you have some images that are related to the facts .
I can say this by using example from math formulas again .
If you have images of basic formulas , you should n't have hard time to memorize many formulas at the same time .
Sometimes I get confuse when I encounter to new rules we use in the math class .
This is because I do n't have a basic understanding about formulas , which means I have no ideas about it .
When I know how to prove why the formula can be used , I have deep idea about it , so it is not painful to memorize it .
Also , if I know some backgrounds of these formulas , I do well on the math exam .

Finally , you can improve in some ways by understanding the concepts .
When I play golf , the ball curve from right to left .
If I want to fix this curving , I ca n't just shots millions of balls until I could finally make it straight .
At first , I have to know why and how a golf ball makes a curve .
This part is the concept .
Once I got some basic ideas , now I can hit and try some different swings in order to make the ball straight .
I would agree with the given statement , but only to a certain extend .
I consider it true that in order to have success , one has to try things that are new and innovative in at least one aspect .
But , on the other hand , one has to apply such skills as he posseses in order to get the best outcome possible out of his actions .
There are examples of people trying new things , not achieving anything .
Vincent Van Gogh is one of these .
He did something highly innovative , according to standards and taste of his time , without having any success in his life .
On the other hand , there are examples of people merely copying an idea or a product who are enjoying immediate success .
`` StudiVZ '' , the german version of american `` facebooks '' , an internet domain where students and other young people create an internet profile of themselves and share friends , is a perfect example : The inventors of `` StudiVZ '' copied the whole idea of facebooks .
The only new , innovative thing they accomplished was transferring it to Germany , where it had immediate success .
Of course , there is a new aspect added to the original idea in transferring the concept to a different country , but it is by no means a genuine idea .
To my eyes , these two examples show that the given statement is rather general and superficial , implying that successful people are innovative whereas the unsuccessful ones are not .
Success is certainly dependent on a variety of factors besides the idea being new , such as fashion , skill , fundings , etc .

I doubt there is a formula , a certain way to success .
Nonetheless , the given statement 's truth lies in stressing the importance of new ideas for being succesful .
In my opinion , the key to success is to be innovative , but not necessarily by trying a completely new thing or do something that surpasses one 's own skills .
Rather , one should carefully consider options , wait for the best moment to come forth with a new idea and think of the best way of issueing this new idea to the market .
I strongly agree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities because I have observed that nowadays everybody is occupied with her or himself .
For example last month I had a terrific accident and I was not able to attend my classes so I was depending on the helping hands of my classmates .
But although they recognized my absence knowbody was willing to help me with my homework .
That was an hardtime experience for me .
Thus , I have many friends I felt so alone .

Another good example is the behaving towards older people .
I sometimes sit in and overcrowed bus and an old woman is coming in but nobody besides me wants to stand up and offer the woman his or her seat .
That makes me sad .
Or helping old people with their housework would be a good possibility to pay attention to them but nobody has time to do this because of a full activity plan .

To my opinion every person should treat the other person like he himself wants to be treatend by someone else .
That means when you are observing that your neighbour needs help then do not hesitate to help him because next time probabily you will need his help .

The most important thing to me are the people who suround me for example my parents , frieds and neighbours .
And therefore I always try to keep my eyes open and help them when they are in need because I now know how it feels to be without help .
For me it is also clear that I would help oder older people in any occasion because when I am old I need the others help to .

To sum it all up I strongly believe that young people should change their attitudes towards other people by spending more attention to the needs of other people .
So that they will change from selfish young people to ones who pay attentin to their friends , neighbours and to all other people .
`` Exploring by yourself or leading by someone ? ''
It is a personal choice depends on a person 's character and goals because of this people make different decisions to explore or learn somewhere .
Despite leading by a tour guide , I prefer to explore places and prepare my own travel guide by myself because it costs less money and I might explore more things .

Getting a service is always expensive than doing these things by yourselves so making your own travel guide is cheaper .
First of all , you can save money if you travel by yourselves because you decide what you are going to do on travel and you do n't have to pay for this decision .
Tour guides provide information about travel and places where you want to go but you can find those information spending a littile bit time on internet .
Also , tour guides generally guide you to some places where they can get more money for accomodation or shopping so they might cost more than they really are .
Finally , tour guides always deceive you to spend more money but if you travel by yourselves you could control yourselves to spend your money .
For example , tour guides give some options which are really look like fascinating but not important such as staying at a five star hotel it is really essantial for travel ?

Tour guides just show places where are on their list and this list generally limited .
First of all , they lead tour groups to only basic places so if you are in a tour group you might miss wonderful other places .
For example , when i first came to chicago , i have paid money to a tour guide to show me real Chicago but i just saw Millenium park and Sears .
After a while i discover other wonderful places in Chicago where are Rush St. Hancock Tower .
As they said `` everthing is in details '' so people could find a lots of detail places if they search for their travels .

A lots of people prefer a tour guide to travel in a group , however , I prefer to explore places by myself and be my own tour guide because i can save money and i can see more places .
I agree that successful people tend to have the attitude of trying new things and taking on risks , because I believe this is essentially what defines successful people from ordinary people .
More specifically , I agree because of the following reasons :

First , successful people take risks because they know that risk taking differentiates themselves from the rest of the herd .
They realize that people are naturally risk-averse and tend to continue what they are doing .
Successful people take risks , not only because this very action differentiate themselves , but also because they know that there will be a learning experience offered through their risk taking .
They know that even with failure , so long as they maintain the will and the energy to continue , they can come back stronger with the experience they will gain .

Second , successful people work on improving their weaknesses .
Whether it be a professional major league baseball player or a CEO of a mutli-billion company , successful people try new things to improve their performance .
They break their status quo and leap to the next level , because they can identify what they are good at and what they are not , and thereby work on the weak areas with a new approach .

Third , successful people try new things because they are curious and eager to learn .
They also know that there are a ton of things they do n't know out there in the world .
Further , their curiosity leads to the synergy of their knowledge base .
For example , an engieer may better address his current issues in the long-term , if he gained more knowledge about business and other drivers that may be causing his problems .

In summary , I believe that successful people are willing to take risks and are eager to try new things because of their natural characterstics of self-improvement and from the knowledge of the benefits of such actions .
As a college student study in Taiwan , based on what I do in the past years and my observation on my friends , I agree with that young people nowadays actually do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I know I am kind of reluctant to admit the truth , yet I think the following reasons could explain why we are not able to do so .

In the first place , we are actually too busy in our school lifes .
As you know , people at this age are expected by elders or even by themselves to be as competitive as we could be .
This means we have to spend most of our time on taking lectures in different fields , learning precious experiences from dealing with club affairs , and some of us even already having internships in company .
In the rest of our time , there are a lot of reading materials and projects waiting to be treated .
And as a human being , we need time to play as well as to take a rest .
It is too hard for the young people to put their attention on the need of their communities if they are already bearing so many requirements .

The other reasons is that the concept of helping each other in a community has not yet formed in my culture .
I mean , it is not part of our life .
We are told since young to take care of yourself first then consider to give the rest to others .
So if a new idea is introducing to my country -- like encouraging youngsters to do something for the place they dwell in -- it must first serves as a requirement in school .
My college implemented a new policy last year that every students should earn at least 36 service hours before they can graduate .
Yet the service on school campus is also counted in the required hours .
The result is that , most of the students still do not learn the spirit of devoting to their community .

I know the fact is quite daunting to those who wish the new generation to do more to where it live in ; however , the reasons above which stop us from that also discourages me .
I hope things would get better
Nowadays , people love to travel since it is not a hard thing to do anymore after the invention of aeroplanes .
Traveling is definitely a good idea to explore more about other countries , learn about other culture and also relax yourself from the intense work .
Some people say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
However , I do not agree with this statment and I think traveling on your own , or with your family or close friends , is a better choice .

Traveling is assumed to be a relaxing activity during holidays .
If you travel with a group of people led by a tour guide , you may not get the relaxing result due to two reasons .
First , you do not have the right to choose whom to go with .
If you are in a group that has some people with bad personalities or hard to get along with , your trip will be ruined .
Second , usually the tour guide plans a tight schdule for the group since he or she wants to show the group as much as possible .
You may have to stay up until eleven or even twelve at night but be asked to wake up at around six or seven in the morning .
After traveling , you may actually feel more tired than before , which is not relaxing at all .

If you go traveling on your own , then you will have to plan the trip all by yourself , which is indeed a fun thing to do .
While you are planning thr trip , you have to do research about the place that you will visit .
Although this may be time-consuming , you know more about the place by reading the culture and probably a little bit history of the place .
Not only can this widen your horizon , but also increase your interest about the place you will be traveling .
You will then have more fun during the real trip .

Also , finding the tour that has the combination of places that you want to visit is hard .
Even you get the right combination , you may not get the time that you want to stay , the hotel that you like or the length of the trip that you want .
If you really find your perfect tour , you may find its price is unreasonably high .

In a word , the ideal way to travel is on your own .
You can decide everything by yourself and also spend the amount of money that you want to spend .
This is the way to have a really relaxing and fun trip you want .
Students ' learning experiences comprise of the development of knowledge as well as the ability to think critically .
In classes and through textbooks and handouts , students will encounter new concepts and ideas in addition to the factual matters that are related to the subject they are learning .
It is my understanding that education takes place in a variety of scopes and levels , and neither of the elements could be more important than the other .

For example , in History classes , students are expected to learn adn understand the various historical events of different geographical areas , at times entailing them to memorize minute facts and incidents for the exam .
However , students are also expected to understand the background ideas and concepts that lie behind such specific events to fully understand the learning material in a larger context .

In Science or Math courses , students expose themselves to various equations and concepts to understand the world from a scientific point of view .
In exams and quizzes their understanding will be assessed based on whether they have memorized the specific facts in addition to whether they can apply the equations introduced .
If students understand the concepts and ideas that construct the equations , not only will the students be able to answer the questions correctly , they would be able to complete the course with confidence that they could answer similar questions in the future .
Such confidence will only derive if students acquire both factual information as well as conceptual understanding .

Finally , the importance of learning concepts and facts are important to any other courses such as art , music or cooking .
only science courses but in arts and social science courses .
ILearning facts and understanding concepts are interrelated and neither of them are more important than the other .
contrary to popular belief , there are many people who are quite successful although they did not invent new things and therefore had no risk , such as people who inherited a fortune .
however , i am convinced that you normally have to be innovative to be successful in life .
i will try to explain this with the help of economic and political successful persons as well as persons who lead a perfectly well marriage .

firstly , people who succeeded in earning a lot of money , such as bosses of big companies , must often find a new way to sell things .
if you take reinhold wuerth , a famous economist and one of the richest men in the world , this becomes quite clear ; for example , he sells highly specialiced manufacturing tools .
certainly , he had to find this gap in the market and it was a great risk to sell such specialiced tools at the beginning .

secondly , successful politians have to be extraordinary and thus have to have new ideas .
of course , it is also critical to have a common knowledge , but the crucial point is to be innovative .
imagine a politician who just acts and thinks in a way everyone else do .
he would never become famous and no one would know him .
however , this indludes to take responsibily for others and this also means to take risks .

finally , one must take into consideration that people who are happily married are successful in some way .
it is a well-known fact that finding an appropriate partner is highly difficult .
people who found there true love had to take the risk of failure .

to draw a conclusion , i would say that there are many different ways to be successful .
however , regardless of which way you consider as really successful , you have to meet the general criteria which i have just mentioned .
I believe that two decades from now we shall have fewer cars than there are today .
To achieve a sustainable development , already many countries are discouraging use of private transport and framing rules and regulations that will lead to mass acceptance of public transport .
Moreover , with advancements in transport technology , alternative modes of transport will develop .

World population is increasing at tremendous rate .
With rise in population increases the demand for travel since the total number of individuals increase So , one might think that future will show us growth in number of cars too .
But , for this to happen infrastructure should also increase at the same pace .
Car building workshops will have to increase the capacity .
Pertroleum companies will have to dig more wells .
But , from where are they going to find the resources !
People cannot go on exploiting environment in the way they want to achieve their comfort of travelling in their own car .
There is growing world consciousness that one cannot sacrifice the development of future generation to become merrier today .
Hence , many countries of the world , like US , Brazil , Singapore , India have embarked upon a novel and ambitious project of `` Sustainable Development '' .
Various organisations like International Energy Agency and World Bank work together with many countries under this project to create a better future .
Rules and regulations have been framed to popularise public transport .
With time certainly demand for personal transport will go down and so will be the number of cars .

Moreover , if one were to go by temporal relationship between science depicted in movies and technolgy in the day-to-day world , one will see that whatever a fiction writer or movie director imagines has come true in about few years from the inception because of science .
For instance , a ` submarine ' imagined in `` Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea '' ( a book by R.L.Stevenson )
was made a reality few years after its publication .
Hence , it would not be preposterous to believe that we will have our own personal flying automobiles as shown in the movie `` The Fifth Element '' .
In fact , if humans are able to colonise in space e.g. moon , there shall be more space vehicles and less cars .
One might also envisage a `` Particle Transporter '' as seen in `` Star Trek '' .
Then there shall not remain a need for anyone to have a car .
Given , the rapid development and promises offered by Science all this seems quite achieveable within next two decades .

Hence , it can be safely said that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years down the line .
I do not think it a good idea to take a group trip led by a tour guide .
I have to admit that there are some advantages of this stye of travelling .
There are no troublesome decision making , no worry about nasty troubles , and most importantly , it is cheap .
Actually , I used to make use of this when I was an university student .
But now I realized that a group trip is simply boring and is not worth paying even little money .
I will give two reason for my opinion .

Firstly , you cannot fully enjoy your travel , unless you explore the town by your self .
The good part of taking a trip lies in the point that you might come across strange and new things and people in a new environment .
You can find out an unknow part of yourself and some new perspectives on life itself .
If you take a group trip , however , you cannot appreciate this point , since you are always bound up by the tight schedule .

Secondly , you could easily end up buying loads of unattractive goods at the extraordinary high price , if you join a group tour .
As is well know , the reason why a group tour is cheap is that it has a strong connection with local shops .
When I went to Chine in a group tour , I was so annoyed by shop assistants desperately selling expensive goods with their fluent Japanese .
It definitely ruined the great part of my pleasure in the trip .

For these reasons , I hate taking a group trip led by a busy and materialistic tour guide .
Even if I had the chance to visit a primitive island where there are nobody who can help me , I would not chose a guiding tour .
In the first place I am the kind of person who likes to know about different themes and academic subjects , but I think that is better to concentrate in one specific subject because you are not going to be able to have a deep knowledge in many subjects .
I believe that is better to concentrate your knowledge .

Some people may think that is better to have broad knowledge of many subjects .
This idea could be true but I am sure that less is more .
For example if you are studying something realated with the arts like graphic design or filmmaking .
In thouse fields of study you have a wide varaiety of subjects to study and learn , but then you have to choose and concentrate in one subject or theme .
For example in filmmaking you can choose between different fields of study like Producction Design , Direction of photography , Editing , Screenwriting or Directing .
Even if you have a lot of subjects in common then you need to specialize in one subject .
For example if you want to be a film director you need to cover and know about different themes and subjects like painting , art , literature , lighting .
But this does n't mean that you need to have a deep knowledge in all those things .
Those things are going to help you to understand about how things work but I believe that you do n't need to be able to handle the lighting for example .

Finally I think that life is to short to have broad knowledge in many things .
I prefer to concentrate in the things i enjoy and know about them
Knowledge is wide spread and never ending if seen in a different point of view as new information keeps coming up everyday .
It varies according to the topics and information that is discovered from different places in the world .
You may never know when a major discovery might happen and to know what has caused this major discovery you need to obtain knowledge about that specific genre of study .
I agree with both the types .
I think learning a variety of subjects takes you a step above others and on the other hand concentrating on one subject also shares its part of success .
A person may go into a very deep analysis of the subject , learning everything that is related to it .
But I give a upper hand to learning more subjects , as it is more beneficial .

Learning more subjects tells you a lot than learning one subject , for example you can learn a different language which can come as great use when travelling .
Learning a widespread of subjects doesnt only limit upto languages but also a variety of subjects and the person who learns about various things has more information than the person who is just speacializing on one subject .
When learning many subjects one cannot really specialize in all .
If he wants to he can specialize in one of the subjects that he likes the most .

Learning one subject and specializing in it takes a lot of time and then when you want to specialize in a subject you also need to know other subjects that relate to it and also should have a appropriate ammount of information about them .
For instance if a person wants to speacialize in physics , he has to know a lot about math that is because math plays a crucial role in physics .
This does not apply to all the subjects but many of the subjects need relevant ammount of knowledge from other subjects in order to specialize in them .

When one learns more than one subject , he has a better shot at the open world than the person who is stuck onto only one subject as his chances are very limited when compared to the people who have taken up various subjects for study .
Having a broad knowledge makes you open to a lot of information and can help you in various ways for example in a debate or a quiz , since you know many subjects and things that relate to them it will not be a problem to answer but for people who specialize in one subject , they cannot battle the questions cause their knowledge is very limted and can answer questions which are related to their topic properly .

Knowledge is wide spread and everyone has the chance to aquire it and learning different subjects has its downs to as specializing in a subject has its own benefits .
But I still support the point that having a better grasp at differnet subjects at is better until I find convincing statements that prove specializing in one subject is better .
I agree that time for the community and help towards the community is not observed much these days by the younger generation .
Attaining independence at an early age is one of the reasons .
Personal ambitions also play a great role in the suffering of the community on the whole .
Migration is a reason that many people belive that a community gets diversified and thereby destroyed .
Young people also relate to a community in a way they remember being treated by the same community .

Young people nowadays do not give enough time towards helping their communities because they tend to gain independence at a much earlier age which translates into the fact that they gain many more responsibilities early on in life .
Infact in this day and age the trend is looked upto .
With the popularity of many young singers and actors succeeding at an early age , early independence is looked upto with respect .

Along with gaining personal and financial independence at an early age , personal ambitions come into the picture .
As compared to a couple of generations ago , when life was a lot simpler , the consumer choices have magnified .
Young people focus their life and work around many materialisitic goals that consume their time and focus , leaving them little for anything else .
Setting deadlines for being able to acquire an expensive car or a swiss watch is what the youth of today typically revolve their resolutions around .
Having preplanned the finances , charity which is an integral part of community support takes a back seat .

With the advent of fast and affordable communication and transport systems across the globe , migration is inevitable .
As members of a community migrate the wholeness of the community disappers , leaving a handful in the original settlement .
These few remaining members rarely get support from those who have moved out .

Young people also do not give enough time to help out their community simply because sometimes they do n't feel like the community was very nice or generous towards them when they were growing up .
For example a teen ager who may get criticised for sporting body tatoos by the community , is not very likely to feel nicely towards the very same community if he or she becomes rich and successful a decade later .

In conclusion I would like to state that the reasons for the youth of today not supporting their communities in terms of time and help are quite a few .
Some of them are reasonable while the others may not be , but the fact of the matter still remains that communities do not get the time or help or both from the young people of today like they used to a few generations ago .
where are you going grandpa ?
shopping , golfing or maybe to a cruise on a yacht .
That is what i usually get when i am really bored of studing or tired of endless working hours while my grandfather or even my father are getting ready to go on some sort of selfpleasing activity .
I believe old people enjoy life more than youth or even teenagers do with all the study and work hours or the restrictions forced by parents .
It is so hard for a young family member to enjoy life as much as elders do .

As a begining , old people dont have any kind of study , midterms or finals to care about .
They dont have to spend hours studing , going to school , attending classes or even buying books .
They have alot of free time they can spend in any selfpleasing activity that brings happiness and joy to them .

In addition to that most of old people do not have a job or a career to care about .
Most of them are either business owners or unemployed at all which is evern better they have nothing to distract them from having fun .
Not like young people who spends between forty and fifty hours each week at work .
They have much more time to enjoy it .

Also , financial wise young people have alot of bills and payments .
After school fees , rent and maybe car morgage their is not enough money left to spend for fun or enjoyment .
Most of the time elder people dont have these kind of concerns Finaly , the limitations and restrictions forced by the family on their kids donot leave much space for fun .
you are not supposed to go their or you are not allowed to be out that late , thats usually what a young member of the family gonna endup getting .
Not liek elder ones with total freedom .

For all the spare time they have and the avilability of money or abscence of limitaions there is no dought older people enjoy life much more than youn ones do \
As the need for a better life is growing in developped country , there is more and more commercial business offering different product .
Some of them will make the same product .
Those company , not to lose money will , therefore be at `` war '' adainst each other .
They will need to advertise for their product .
To do so they will show us that , first we need this type of product , and second that the one they are offering is better than the one from another company .
How do we know if the product of a company `` A '' is better than the one from company `` B '' , or if the product is as good as it seemed to be ?

Everyone had once asked the question .
We have to understand that the company have to sell their product whatever might happened , and they have to produce it with the less cost possible .
So we may ask ourselves if the product we are buying are as good as the advertisements want us to believe it is .

It 's quite a tough question if we are looking at it closely , there is some company who will show us the product as it really is and some other who wo n't .
How can we make the difference ?
I guess it 's up to us .
We have to remember that they are here to sell whatever product it is and therefore has to make it look good .
You wo n't buy a product if we are telling you the whole truth , the whole thruth being that there is side effects on this new diet pills or that this cheap TV will only work 45 minutes a day .

For me companies have to sell whatever product they are making , and in order to do that they have to present those products on their brightside and telling us only the good part of the story .
Some will emphasize the good part and let the customer wondering if this wonderfull product really exists and some other will show us the product as it really is .
We can ask ourselves how we will be acting if it was us to sell something to another person , either we will be eager to sell it without mentionning couple of problems we had with it , the car we are selling will breakdown at the next corner , Or we will be telling the truth saying that the car we are selling will break down but this car is worth the repair to be done .
Either way , we are not telling the same thing , but we are selling the same thing .

I will then say that advertising make the products seem much better than they really are , but it 's for one purpose to sell and you wo n't sell something that it 's not good enough for your customer .
Adverstisment is to me like a painter painting a portrait , it will make the product seem better than it really is , the same way a painter will paint the face of someone seem prettier than it really is .
We just have to know how much we want to beleive the magnification of the truth .
Nowadays , there are numerous debates about the issue whether or not people success by trying new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Some people hold the opinion that it is true that people can only sucess by doing new things .
However , in my opinion , I disagree with the statement because successful people can success by doing the same things they already know how to do well .

First of all , the crucial reason in holding my opnion is that when people do things that they already know they do not have to worry about the risks that follow after they do it .
For instance , my father is an owner of a supermarket .
He has run the business for ten years , and when we moved to Canada he is still thinking of opening a new supermarket here .
By doing this , he does not have to worry about how to manage the business or how to improve the business because he already has the experience of how to run it .
Another example could be when a person wants to switch to another job such as being a doctor , chances are that she will not be successful being a doctor .
Thus , you do not have to worry about what will happen next if you continue to do things that you already know .

Furthermore , another reason in holding my opinion is that by doing things that you already know will help you not to make mistakes .
For example , my mother is working as an accountant and when she met her friend Veronica , who works in the stock , she encourage her to invest her money in the stock because she says that it will double or even triple her money .
As my mother does not know anything about investment , she trusted Veronica because she thinks that she will never betray her , and invest all her money in the stock market .
As a result , the stock market went down and she losses all her money .
This is a clear example on how people can make mistakes when they do not know about the subject , and thus be unsuccessful .

All in all , I think that people will be more successful by doing what they already know instead of trying new things and take risks , because they do not have to worry about what will happen to them and also it will help them not to make mistakes .
Therefore , for these reasons I would say that risks takers are not as successful as people who do things that they already know how to do .
Advertisments are enticing .
They are put out into the market to influence a particular person or a group .
In todays world more time is being spent in front of the televison than with the outside world .
Knowing this information , advertising companies prey on that aspect of an individual and make then think and want a product .

The argument on whether ` Most advertisment make products seem much better than they really are ' is that No , i disgree with that statement .
Commercials that are made for the general public , have a time limit to protray they idea .
In this short span of time the concept of the commercial has to allure the viewer to that product , and that what exactly happens .
For example the Mastercard commercial that shows a person buying stuff and the price of every product bought and at the end is says that it 's ` Priceless ' seeing the joy , happiness on the faces of people who are dear to you and the satisfaction you get by seeing that expression .
Well , here it show how this card can make you acheive that one goal in your life .
This product , a plastic card can change a persons perception about getting the things you want in life and knowing that there is always a way for that .
That can happen , with one minor hurdle .
Your credit should be good .

Most of the times , commercails for cosmetics use famous people to market that product .
This product looks perfect on them , they seem happy at how beautiful they lookl .
Well guess what , they are doing it because they are getting paid for that and yes , they look incredible .
Here the idea is to have a celebrity endorse that product .
For example , Avon , Salma Hayak is the spokesperson for that company 's products .
She looks amazing in the lipstick , her eyes dazzel and lips shimmer .
You too can copy that look , but not look exactly like her .
The product will do the same for you , the only difference is that she has all the lights and angles that the photographs are taken that makes her look even more beautiful .

Televison , radio , billboards , print are ways of advertisment .
This is way that the general public gets information about an item .
Advertisment is about creativity and showing what a product can do for you .
Nowadays it may seem at first sight , watching the daily news about the terrible , careless and lazy youth , that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
In my opinion this statement does not show how reality really looks like .
Of course there are young people who do n't do anything for their community , but there are still a lot of young , intelligent and involved people who show their best leadership and invest hard work into supporting and helping their communities on a volunteer bases .

The cause of the statement shown above might be the always existing and never ending generation conflict that reflames in every country and in every century .
But young people do help their communities these days too .
For example at my university there are a lot of possibilities for students to get involved in community service as a volunteer .
Of course not every students gets involved with community work but most of my friends do .

Let me give some certain examples : There is a law club that gives legal adive to people who cannot afford a lawyer .
The people who come there do not have enough money to pay a normal lawyer , so the students organised a club where they help people to find legal advice , but do not take any money for it .
( this happens in Poland , in Germany it is forbidden ) .
Another students club takes care for the environment , another teaches little children to speak foreign languages , and another helps unemployed people to organise a company or firm and take the first legal and economic steps to it by developing business plans .

A lot of students get involved in their ` international ' community as well , joining amnesty international for instance and fighting for human rights through organising different actions like writing letters to different governments , governements who are violating human rights .

Some of my friends get involved socially .
They go to schools and do a social year in their own country or in foreign countries for example .
Ina , a friend of mine , did that in a middle school for handicaped children in Cologne .
She was helping out there as a volunteer , and did not get any benefits from it ( except her personal experience of course ) .

Another example is that young men help out as a ` Zivi ' between their graduation from high school and studies at a University or other jobtraining , to avoid going to the army for one year .
The most common is for them to help out in hospitals or homes for older people .
And they do n't just do it to avoid the army .
Some of them , as my friend for example , stay longer at the institution .

There are far more examples of how students and other young people get involved in helping their community .
They do care , no matter what adults or older people might say and how bad the generation conflict might get .
It proves that the young people nowadays are not as careless as one might think .
Many people on earth are said to only care about their own little person .
It is surely true .
But no one could ever say that they do not contribute to helping their communities .
Directly or not , willing or not , everyone does help his community , as everything is nowaday done for the good rolling of society .
Yound people are no exception and I would say that they contribute more than any other category of person to the development of a healthy society .

Here is a very simple exemple .
Mark , twenty-year-old student in biology .
Mark leaves in a flat as most students do .
He has a part-time job in a fast-food restaurant to pay his bills and does a job no one would like to do for him .
He has no choice but to work but helps his community by making nice tasty hamburgers to two hundred of people a day , making them happy as they eat the best burgers in their life .
Going to a fast-food does n't seem that exciting , but some people do it on a regular basis .
This would n't be possible without Mark .
Moreover , by studying biology , Mark will one day fill the empty space left by an old and tired citizen in an hospital or in a laboratory making research for cancer .

We can say that Mark contribute twice to helping his community by feeding its inhabitants and assuring its future health as he studies .
No one can say that young people do not give enough time to helping their community because , as they make their way through life , they are assuring the survival of this community : by studying and by doing different jobs no one wants to hear about .

Another aspect of young people 's actions for their community simply is their wish to travel .
Lots of cultural exchanges are made in high-schools and colleges .
This allows communities to know more about other cultures in the world , to be more open-minded and comprehensive toward people of other background , that may be leaving in the neibourghoods .
It stengthens the links inside the community and between different communities .
I believe , that when students are exposed to many different information , many chose to understand only the information which attracts their curiosity .
In this case , the other left over facts which did not interest them , are only stored for a short period of time .
Usually , these information are stored for sometime , but are eventually forgotten .
This is because humans are only capable of storing a certain amount of information in their brain .
Due to this fact , I agree to the statement , and believe that understanding of ideas are more important than storing more facts .

Students are tested , quized , and marked for their knowledge in everyday basis .
They have grades which marks their progress in learning , which affects their future , such as college application .
In order to enter a desirable school , students are forced to learn information which might not interest them .
For example , if a student wishes to major in mathematics , he does not need to learn about great poets of the English language .
However , he will not chose to not learn these pointless facts .
This is because it will simply affect his overal grades if he does not learn them .
Basically , he is forced to learn facts which are not wanted .
If they are not desirable these facts that are learned , will be forgotten .
This is due to the fact that the student will not come back to these facts after learning them .
There are massive amounts of facts which are learned , but put to waste because they are simply not interested by the learners .

In order to understand ideas and concepts , your mind must reach the deepest core of its meaning .
This is a extremely difficult task , and many will fail without grasping the goal .
However , if a man understands , it is highly unlikely to forget the idea or concept .
This achivement will be kept in his/her mind , and at somepoint in their lives , will return to help them .
The experience is simply more real to them , thus they will be able to use it in everyday life .

Humans are not perfect creatures , and their skills in learning have limits .
They cannot process , interpret , analyze information which are too much for them .
In addition , if a person learns facts which are not desirable , or interesting , they will be forgotten .
People do so , because they are forced to earn good grades with their super ficially aquired facts , so they can go to a better school .
I believe this is a waste of time .
If students understand ideas , these are likely to be true knowledge which will never be forgotten .
I believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts because they are memorable , and strong knowledge .
Undesirable facts are potencial `` memory wastes '' , and should not be obtained forcefully .
The statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities is wrong .
Just a week ago , there was an article in the newspaper talking about teenagers who won an award for helping in a local welfare house .
That was not the only article describing the works young people do for their surroundings .
Though not frequent , the reports of them helping the society come out countinuously .
The impression of not working enough for the communities could be because of : their preferance of visiting particular places to work , their tending to work seprately .

Firstly , young people cannot visit all the communities that exist in their society .
Although they spend considerable times helping , they could give the impression of not working enough because they do n't show up every where .
However , helping out every community would be impossible to youngsters , since there are places where they prefer to work .
For example , a public record showed most teenagers like to work at a library or local festival which need many volunteers but dislike going other places .
This is natural because people prefer places where their age is suitable .

Secondly , young people tend to work alone when helping the society .
Nowadays , because of people 's busy schedule , it is hard to find someone who would be willing to work together .
Since they are working as individuals , there could be a chance that they are unnoticed while working , and people could get the idea that young people are not working at all for the society .

Last , but not least , even if there are young people who do n't give enough time to helping their communities , they have to nowadays .
Major colleges that young people hope to attend , looks through the students ' record of their contribution to local communities .
There are points given out after working at a community , and the accumulated points are big part of their entrance to the young people 's ideal college .

In conclusion , young people do spend lots of time working for their communities .
Because they do n't visit many communities , and because most of the youngsters work alone to help the society , .
it could give impression of not giving enough help .
Also , since there is a new policy of point system in helping local communities , young people would have to spend time helping out them even if they do n't want to .
Young people nowadays tend to play more than to work for their communities in almost developing nations like South Korea , because they live under their parents ' roof .
I think that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities .
Firstly , they have to spend a lot of time studying , and secondly , are more irresponsible than before .

First of all , in universities or colleges , the period of professional course require more time .
For example , in order to be a doctor , you have to spend four years in univiersity , another four years in graduate school , and last two years for a degree .
For men who have to go to army in certain country like in South Korea , men take a lot of time to be a fully finished doctor .
Because the required time had increased , young people can not help their communities until they finish their education .

Furthermore , young people these days are more irresponsible than before .
I do not have rights to say that young people are not responsible because I am still in middle school .
However , I can still see many problems resulting among the young people .
They tend to play more than work or study their professions , and that is the reason why there is so many un-employed college students .
My cousin sister said to me , for example , that majority of students in universities play around on weekends , when they can use that time doing useful things , such as community service program .
Because they just tend to play around , they do not get to be helping with their communities .

For these reasons , I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
However , I do not mean that it is their entire fault , yet they have to fix their behavior to play instead of to study or to help their communities .
Because of the requirement of men going to army , men have to sacrifise their preciouse time of youth .
I think that the South Korean and other countries that requires to force men in to armies have to make the policy voluntary instead of involuntary .
Then , I think the young people will give enough time to help their communities .
Thus , I think it would involve a lot of changes to let the young people to give enough time to help their communities .
Communities builds future of the nation by nurturing youth of today .
I believe no human being would disagree with the above statement .
Whatever we are or whatever becomes of a person depends largely on the community that he belongs too .
Today 's youth is aware of the above fact and people always tend to make the reason of your survival better .
Thus , I do not agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

Young people of today are more responsible .
They understand the importance of community and thus consider its betterment their moral responsibility .
They are aware that communities are essential because man is a social animal and he needs support from his peers to survive .

They are more enthusiastic and work towards it .
The young people have much more caliber to plan and perform well as compared to elderly people in much less amount of time .
I work in a corporation where the maximum population is in their twenties .
We have so many groups that are functioning to helping the community .
These used to be an individual effort which turned into an organisation after recieving overwhelming response from the youngsters .
Now they consist not only people from our corporation but also from whole of the state .
The one i am with , works for the special care of mentally or physically challenged children named as DISHA .
Yes it consist of middle age people too but we are never short of young volunteers who like to help .

The NGO 's or non profit organisations are not the only way they are helping community .
Politics is a field where no youngster wants to end up ; specifically in a country like India .
But we have young MP 's ( member of parliament ) like Milind Deora and Sachin Pilot who at an tender age of 23-24 are helping people and trying to give a better future to our communites .

Young people are now diverted towards teaching too may it be part time .
Imparting education to the generations of tommorow is indeed a spendid way of helping the society .
Young people do whatever work they have to their full capacity which results in betterment of society .
Even investing in share market helps in betterment of the society because the money flows in the market resulting in more funds for government maybe for schools or even hospitals .

Yes i do agree today 's generation is more busy with their own life .
They do not find time for their families sometimes but i would rather say exceptions are always there .
But that does not mean that the young people are indifferent towards the community .
People in our organisation work on saturdays and sundays , sometimes during some function we even work late nights because we believe children who are yet to come need a better community as we got in our childhood .

Summing up i would state today 's youth is aware of its responsibilities towards the community .
They understand the importance of community and thus consider its betterment their moral responsibility .
Even if they do not have enough time some people would plan out and work actively in organizations for the betterment of the people .
And we would soon realize that today 's youth faces more responsibility than just being a fast forward generation .
I potentially disagree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
First , what i feel is that it 's not the age which determines the level of pleasure or enjoyment in life .
It 's basically our attitude toward life which enables us to take the maximum out of what life has to offer .
Our outlook towards life is the determining factor for the parameters that we set for enjoying life .

Secondly , its a matter of committment and perception that wins us points in the game of life .
For example , an old person having an optimistic approach toward everthing what life has to offer would rather enjoy stressless leisurely evenings sitting in the garden or maybe gardening .
In contrast to this a young man having more than half of his life to live could be sitting on a chair in the same very garden and cursing his fate for providing hinderances in his path to success .

Thirdly , it may be assumed that the younger part of life or the youth age demands more of you but it does n't mean that a young man simply cannot enjoy his life because he is has more work / assingments to complete .
It 's a function of mind games that determines individual perception and it is this perception that fuels us to look towards life in a different plain altogether .
I have seen old people like my grandmother enjoy trekking and mountaineering .
History , like all other examples incorporates one in these terms too .
We 've had scientist who were old enough to be counted out as non-exciting in general view but but active enough to invent some of the most exciting things on earth .

Lastly , the fact that the body may be old enough but it is our mind and will power that combine together to give us a rush of adrenaline even at the age of 70 .
First of all , facts are only short informations given to someone .
They describe something as easy as possible .
This makes clear that facts are easier to learn and to remember for a short time .

In comparison , ideas and concepts come along with a description of a new invention or a solution for a problem .
Reading a book about the idea or trying to extract important informations from less important statements are quite common .
You have to understand the whole concept and try to look under the surface of the topic .

Students who are good at learning facts might also do very well in school .
For them it is only learning by heart and reproducing it in a oral or writing exam .

Sooner or later they will have forgotten those meaningless numbers or short statements .
For example describing the growth of a city lying in the middle of nowhere or how many offsprings a fieldmouse produces ; quite nice to know but meaningless .

A bigger challenge is to understand a concept or an idea .
What is the theory behind it .
On what other ideas or concepts is it based on ?
For example is it much more difficult to learn the progress of an election .
How does the House of Parliament interact with the House of Lords ?
How will my vote be counted and which party will gain how many seats ?

All in all , I think , you need to have a good synthesis of both sides .
For a student who want to achieve something in is life it is essentially to try to gain as much experience as possible and to produce your own ideas underlining them with facts .

On the one hand you need knowledge of how concepts work and of how ideas can be realised .
On the other hand you need to support those ideas with facts you have learned and still can remember throughout your life and career .
I think it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
First of all , if we do n't understand ideas and concepts , it is difficult to have good view about facts .
That means we ca n't have our own ideas and opinions .
Therefore , even though we can remember the facts at the time for tests , it is easy to forget the facts .
For example , when I was a university student , I majored in chemical engineering .
There are a lot of concepts and ideas about principles of nature .
It could be impossible to memorize them .
However , I tried to memorize them for test because I did n't study hard .
As a result , I do n't have any knowledge about chemical engineering now .
But many friends who tried to understand ideas and concepts still remember many principles of chemical engineering and they are still using their knowledge to their jobs very efficiently .
Whenever I see them , I envy them .
I regret I just memorized facts without understanding ideas and concepts .

Second , if we only learn facts without understanding ideas and concepts , we are hard time adopting our knowledge to other area .
In other words , learning facts is only for tests , not for real situations .
If we face with same questions that we have learned , we would solve them and manage them well .
However , If we face with different questions even though the concepts of it is same , we could not solve those questions because we have n't seen them before .
This problem will happens because we do n't understand the facts correctly by only learning facts , we do n't have our own ideas and opinions about them .
That 's why we could n't solve them .

In conclusion , when we are in lecture , we will learn a lot of facts which are involved in the lecture and then we must understand the ideas and concepts about the lecture .
It is important to have correct views of them .
It is very common to see people traveling to different interesting places in the world being led by a tour guide .
My essay will talk about why I would really prefer to travel by myself instead of doing it in group and hiring a tour guide .

First of all , you can easily notice that people who usually travel in a group led by tour guides are people who invest more money in their trips .
That means that the economic factor plays an important role in this matter .
For example , people who travel to Europe and have enough money to pay a guide would prefer to do this because it would save them not only time , but also effort to think how to plan a good trip .
In my personal opinion , I would rather prefer to invest my money in the trip and not in a person I do n't really need .

Secondly , the age is a predominant factor in this decision , as well .
In most of the cases , young people would prefer to travel by themselves to give the trip a little adventure .
On the other hand , it is rare to see old people adding adventure to their experiences .
They only want to get the best of their trip without caring about fun .

Finally , and most importantly , people will enjoy the trip more if they feel independent to take their own decisions .
That 's what really matters on a trip , having fun and feeling free to do what you want when you decide to .
To give you an example , when I had the opportunity to travel to Argentina for work purposes , we were offered a trip to a beautiful village .
It was an incredible place and there were plenty of things to do there .
However , since we were supposed to follow the scheduled program defined by a tour guide , we were not able to enjoy and to know the place as if we were there by ourselves .
In other words , traveling by myself is by far the best decision I could make .
Historically the growth on the numbers of cars has been keept increasing constantly since the third decade of the previous century .
There are no signs of any reversal on this patern , and moreover recent research shows that the situation could be worst on the next years .

First , as the world develops , more families are able to get a car , nowdays the cars are not only for rich and welth people , reduction on the final costs , for average cars ( luxury cars are keep apart of this analysis ) , and the improvement on the world average salary , probably helps to narrow the original economical divide .

Countries under develpment , are a huge potential market for new cars , as the economies of this contries get develop , the life quality of the population grows , also their expectations and their posibilities to get new cars .

Other people migth say , that fuel costs , pollution regulations , and the limited parking space on big cities could stop the sales , and begin with a reduction on the total number of available cars .
Against this people I could only ilustrate that the costs on fuel are comparatively lower today if we compare the fuel with many other products .
The regulations to decrease pollutions are adopted by each individual countries , and also the new cars are complaint about most of this regulations .
The other aspect about parking spaces , could be mitigated with the reduction of car sizes or the develop of new parking technologies .

Personally , I do belive that in twenty years this number of used cars will be much more that there are today , maybe is not the best for us , maybe it is .
However based the actual rate of growth of the number of cars , and the amazing development of the world , especialy on the underdevelop countries , it is easy to predict a grow .
I agree to the statment that young people are not giving enough time to help their communities and I have my reasons for such belief .

In the following paragraph , I shall bring forth my rationality for taking the particular stance .

First we need to analyze what has changed over the time .
Is the communities expecting more out of young people or is young people are facing crunch of time to devote to their community .

I feel that the expectations of communities has not increased over the period of time but it is due to the change in mindset of young people .

Due to advent of new sources of entertainment , people have less time to spend for other activities .
Earlier , the general idea of an entertainment was to meet people , go out play with children in park etc .
This way people interact with each other and can understand problems if any faced by community member .
Now entertainment is taken over by play stations and other electronic items which keep people occupied during their leisure time .
The defination of entertainment has changed over the period .
It is more of an indoor event than of an outdoor event , which has made life more dull and led to less interaction with other people .

These days , life is more fast paced and which has changed the attitude of young generation .
They want to achieve as much as possible in short span of time using the shortest route .
Due to this rush , people are becomming more materialisitic and they started less giving less importance to old values .
This is another grave reason which has significantly curtailed the participation of young people in community .

Nuclear family is another thing which have contributed to change in the people 's attitude .
Earlier people use to stay together as a joint family .
This way grand parents were able to inculcate the good moral values in young ones and they were able to use them as a pillar in their life .
Now families are growing smaller and parents have less time to spend with their children .
Due to which they are not able to impart those moral values into their children .

In the end , I would like to summarize that people 's mind set has changed over the period and if the trend continues then we will see less and less participation of young people in community exercises .
In the past , the educational system was designed so that students would learn the `` truth '' .
This means they would have to learn by heart all the capitals of the world and know all the important historical dates perfectly .
With this methodology , It was common for a student to get hit in a classroom for not being able to do exactly what the teacher wanted .

This concept of education is now days been reevaluated .
The new way of teaching is much more productive .
Now the teacher tries to make the student understand the ideas behind the facts and not to repeat them like a parrot .
For example , is does not make sense for someone to know exactly on what day and what time did all the important battles in world war II took place , but to understand the historical situation that led them to occur .
Also , the teacher instead of hitting the student for not knowing , he encourage him to speak his mind on every subject .
That way the discussions on the classroom are a lot more productive .

The new system is more useful , in the sense that the person learn how to understand ideas , discuse them and take a position towards them .
The student 's opinion is given a lot of importance and so he will learn to think on its own and not believe everything he is told .
In the future , when the student faces real life and will have to get a job , most information learned by heart will be unuseful .
On the other hand , if he knows how to handle difficult situations and has an appropriate mental structure he will be able to do his job a lot better .
This does not means that the students will not have to learn certain facts .
Every theory is , in some way , supported by facts and this should not be forgotten .

Personally I like the better system better .
Not only because this way is nicer attending to school , but beacuse it will help us prepare a lot better for life .
Although , as always , I think that we should not believe completely in a model or system , because there is not such thing as the perfect methodology .
We should continue to learn and reevaluate our system whenever is necessary .
I strongly agree with the statement , `` most advsetisements make products seem much better than thery really are '' for two reasons : the purpose of advertisements to sell products and the great influence of mass media .
In order to understand this trend , it is essential to deal with the producers and receivers of the messages and the channel which conveys the messages from the producers to the receivers .

First of all , it is important to take a close look at the producers and receivers of the messages .
For the advertisers , the main purpose of the advertisements is to sell products .
In order to appeal to potential customers , it seems essential for them to make products look better than actually they are .
In modern societies , beauty is the principal quality that consumers pursue .
Consumers buy products to represent their identities .
They buy fancy cars and clothes because the products represents their values .
In order to appeal the consumers ' desire , advertisers often exaggerate the quality of products .

Also , in order to understand the trend , the external social force should be considered .
Recent years have witness that mass media have a great influence on consumer behaviors .
our societes become more and more commercial .
mass media reinforce this trend .
For mass media , advertisements are the main sourse in which they make a profit .
As an organization which try to make a greater profit , mass media solicit advertisers and allure them providing fancier technologies than before .
Mass media use special equipments that were not available in the past .

In conclusion , considering the the desire of advertisers and consumers and the irresistible influence of mass media nowadays .
I strongly believe that most advertisements make products look much better .
The question of this essay asks for an opinion of whether or not the number of cars will be decreased in twenty years .
Many people have been using cars for the last several years and cars are still in use today .
My opinion is that although this is true , people will not be using cars as much as they use them today in twenty years .

To begin with , one reason that I think there wo n't be many cars used in the future is the connection to environmental problems .
The air have been already polluted because of so many cars that have been used , among other pollution problems such as smoke coming from factories .
The polluted air could eventually lead to global warming in the next twenty years .
Scientists are aware nowdays that the tide of the ocean is rising every year .
If people were to use more cars in the near future , this will probably cause an effect on global warming .
Scientists will probably try to convince the government to inform nations to decrease their use of cars .

Another reason that I think there will be fewer cars in the future is that people are already risking their health by using cars more often that instead of using trains or buses for transportation .
Every year , countries , especially in the United States , are suffering from car accidents .
Although adults have been have been suffering from drunk driving , ( when they drive their cars when their drunk ) , teenagers have also been having the same problem .
The United States especially had been having hundreds of teenagers dying from car accidents when they were drunk .
Although the rate of driving cars while drunk are beginning to decline , hopefully the goverment of the US and of other countries will ban the law of drinking and driving .

In conclusion , I believe that the use of cars will probably decrease in twenty years because the goverment will try to establish laws due to pollution , health and accident risks .
Hopefully the world will improve to be a better place by using less cars .
The youth of today 's generation is much more involved and busy with his individual life that sometimes he falls short of the day .
This change is prevalent in this generation .
But one should serve the community as he is also the part of the same community .
I am in agreement with statement .

The busy schedule of day to day life and their hectic time tables hardly leaves the people today to think of any other activity rather than managing themselves .
Besides this people are very selfish nowadays and are only concerned about their own comfort and hardly concerns to help the community .

Communities are also imporatnat part of society .
But the people will not realise this fact until it is made apparent to them .
Some are busy in building their careers , some are busy in the studies and some in thier professional life and they hardly give importance to the community service .

Though these communities are established to help them they hardly care about it .
But when it comes to benifitting from these communities there are first in the que .

They are also wealthy people in the society who are only busy in enjoying their life 's and spending money lavishly rather then spending a little for a good cause .
Lack of time is not only the reason why people do not pay attention to extend help to the communities but also lack of interest .

Its time now that young people should understand the importance of helping these communities as they are part of it and helping the community will also get them good popularity and success .

Helping the community is a feel good factor still for many people as they actively participate in helping the community by doing what all they can do .
Serving the community is like serving to God .

The need of the hour is young people apart from doing their regular work should also feel that serving the community is also part of their schedule and then only they can prosper .
I can assent this statement due to several reasons .
The purpose of advertisement has ever since been the attraction of e.g. a potential buyer of a product .
In the first resort , the advertisement has to gain the attention and subsequently the interest of this person for a certain product .
Consequently , it has to be special in any way , e.g. concerning the pictures or the text used in it , and to receive a positive evaluation from a mass of persons since this is one of the reasons most products are made of - to sell as much as possible .

Especially in the two last decades an advertisement industry has been developped and constantly grown up to it 's huge influence nowadays .
Apparently no products are introduced and positioned on the market without an advertisement strategy - this claim is easily verified by just watching TV a few minutes or by a gaze into the newpaper where advertisement is omnipresent .
On account of this omnipresence and requirement of advertisement , the product industry spends a vast amount of money for the advertising of it 's products .
The advertisement industry , whose basis of existence is the extraordinary advertisement for a certain product as already described in the first paragraph , thus tries to depict the products they advertise as good as possible , which is definitely reasonably .
But the problem lies in the system within : the quality of a product will inevitably be exhibited as almost unequalled and it 's deficincies as solely a kind of drop in the ocean and not worth mentioning in the advertisement .
Thus , potential buyers are easily lured to a certain product and not cognizant of it 's flaws since these are nowhere shown .
For instance , if a model like Naomi Campell makes an advertisement for a mascara , millions of females would probably think : `` Oh , if someone like Naomi Campell , this beautiful model , uses this mascara , I definitely can rely on her judgement and buy it because it must be wonderful . ''
What most people would not take into consideration is the fact that Naomi Campell does not advertise for this product on account of her convinction of it 's qualitiy but rather due to the money she is paid by the industry to advertise it .
I feel that its always better to understand things and not just mug them up .
Understanding ideas and concepts can lead to a better understanding of the topic .
Also if you get to understand it completely it can help you better in understanding of its related topics .
You would also be benefited at the time of the examination .
Understanding helps you a lot for future .
If you go for research work later in your life then this understanding of topic would help you to take your research easily .

Secondly when you understand a idea then you dont commit mistakes on that particular topic .
For example , if a doctor dont care to understand concepts about the human body , then in future he would be prone towards doing errors .
Also he wont become a successfull doctor in future .
And by destroying a case he would end himself in prison .
So , the example clearly shows how important it is to understand things .
We can also take an example of a computer engineer , where every fact and concept about the machine counts a lot .
And if he is unable to understand ideas then he would just end up in choas .
He would just damage the machine , and we all know how costly these computer machine are .

Thirdly understanding of ideas in a younger age help you a lot when you go and pursue your higher education .
For example , the understanding of concepts at bachelor level help you a lot in understanding of the concepts in your masters .

However , when it comes to the examinations , when you dont have time to understand concepts its always advisable to learn the facts .
At time crises it always better to learn than wasting time in understanding it , because you are never sure that after spending so much time in understanding it , will you really be able to understand it .
Also at the time of quizzes only learned facts help you win the game , and not the understanding of it .
Because there are so many things in the world to know about , and you dont have time to understand there concepts , and only option is to learn it .
As reinstated in my answer understanding is important , it cannot be compared with learning .
Both have there own standing .
The present generation of young people grew up in an increasing affluent world .
Because of this , many people have the impression that young people nowadays are spoiled and selfish .
However , I think this is an unfaired opinion .
Amittedly , there are spoiled breds among young people , but most of them are willing , and even eager , to spending time to help their communities .

Firstly , the vibrancy of local and international community-involvment programs ( CIPs ) proves that young people nowadays are willing to help their communities .
For example , in many schools , the response for short-term or even long-term CIPs is often so overwhelming that selection proess is necessary .
Also , many students are willing to get out of their comfort zone to help out in villages where living conditions are extremely poor .
This shows their willingness to spend their time to help more .

Secondly , many students are commited to various programs over a very long period of time .
For example , some students in Singpore continue to be a member of the Interact Club from secondary school to junior college , over six years .
They typically take part in different programs , for example , giving out tuitions or helping our at an old folks ' home , twice a week .
Again , these students show that young people are willing to sacrifice a large amout of time for their communities .

Thirdly , many young people have the intention to be social workers , or at least volunteers .
Those who have participated in CIPs or other volunteery work find such activities enrich their experiences .
While they help the weak groups in their communities , they gain satsifaction of helping others .
As a result , they want to do more and even condier social worker as a career choice .
A social worker at her twenties I know had the aspiration of being a social worker after she started in a program for ophans .
She felt strongly to commit more time after graduating from university .
Thus , young people do give time to help their communities .

In conclusion , the young are not as selfish as many people think .
As they benefit from society , they want to give back , too .
They have the passion to help their communities and are willing to commit themselves for community-involvement programs .
The education system should provide the students with the ability to assimilate new ideas and concepts and comprehend their implications , rather than only stating the facts about a particular subject .
The major reason for this is the very nature of the memory and the learning process .
Furthermore , in order to use the school knowledge in real life , students must have the capability to analyze the concepts .

Firstly , human beings tend to forget the facts ; however , if they analyze them and derive their own conclusions and ideas , they remember them for a long time .
For example , in the history classes during my high school education , we were overexposed to a vast amount of historical facts and data , like the dates and places of wars , among which I remember only a few .
In contrast , in my university education , I had the opportunity to take history classes in which the students had to read a lot of articles about a certain topic .
The reading material consisted of diverse opinions about a historical fact or argument .
In the exam , the students were asked to present their own opinion by referring to the information in the texts , analyzing them , and explaining in detail why they agree or disagree with certain parts of them .
I still remember the arguments and the reasoning behind them , which have been very useful not only in my academic studies , but also daily life .

Secondly , merely memorizing the facts is insufficient to implement the school knowledge in real life , since it does not entail originality and creativity .
After the students graduate and start working in the industry or in their daily lives , they are required to come up with new ideas and present solutions to the problems .
In order to accomplish this , they have to have originality and creativity .
The history classes in my university education have also provided me with this ability .
For instance , while reading the articles in the newspapers , I can not only understand , but also criticize the writer 's argument in its historical and political perspective .

To conclude , I think that understanding ideas and concepts is much more beneficial for students than merely leaning the facts .
This is both because they can remember the information much more easily and because they can implement their knowledge in real life situations through their originality and creativity .
Recently , there has been an argument as to whether a person should buy a car if he or she can or should keep using the public tranportation among my classmates .
As a person using the public transportation for most of the time , I decided that , we should not consider this problem further because there will be less number of cars in use in twenty years than in today .
I provided some strong supports and evidences for this thought .

First of all , in twenty year , I think that most of the people will be much more aware of the value of public transportation !
If the number of cars increase with time , there will be a great need for more highways !
Since we are limited with the earth 's surface , we cannot simply dedicate all the spaces we have to roads !
Even now we withness traffic congestion everyday .
There is an ultimate solution for that : public transportation such as metro , busses and so on .
They have some outstanding advantages like low costs for both the country and personal users , and less polution of the environment .
Because the number of people who think of the public transportation as a solution will increase with time , the number of cars in use will even decrease !

In addition to that , most of the cars are used for transportation today .
In the future , with the increasing technology , we will not need to `` go '' to work .
Instead , we will be able to do whatever we do at home with computers !
For example , instead of driving to the university to attend a lesson , I will use the internet to attend the lecture online .
Now imagine the number of students driving to school .
Considering them staying at home to study makes me believe that there will not be a greater number of cars in the future .

Moreover , the available gasoline decreases everyday .
In twenty years , the gasoline resources of world will be much less than today .
Although there are alternative ways to make the engine of a car start without gasoline , there might be some serious problems abouit petrol reserves in the future .
To prevent the events which will probably couse a third world war , I strongly believe that the world will make regulations to own a car .
Therefore number of cars in use will decrease .

In conclusiuon , the number of cars in use will be fewer in twenty years that in today for so many reasons .
Among those reasons are people 's awareness of advantages of public transportation , advances in technology , and restrictive regulations to own a car because of limited amount of gasoline .
Before I come to the statement it seems to be necessary to define success , which often means financial success .
But there is more to success to it than wealth and power .
A person can be successful , when he or she specializes in a field and excelerates in it .
Then the success is measured in new discoveries , new patents , technologies , in the personal development and achievement .

It seems also important to relate to the requirements of success .
To be successful , one has to obtain and se knowledge .
Then he or she must be able to understand what is known , and to differentiate between information which is more and less important in order to succeed .
Another requirement is the ability to realize what you dream of or what you want to achieve .
One needs management skills , a personal drive which is strong enough to overcome obstacles , delays and disappointments .
It needs a determined nature , and strong ( self - ) motivation .
Furthermore often financial ressources are required to stay on the treck .

As I see it , the statement above is too simplistic .
It is not enough to try out something new and take risks .
So many who act this way , fail .
Why ?
What could be underlying reasons ?
The question which come up for me is rather : What do successful people have , that makes them successful , in opposite to their fellow human beings , who fail in their endeavors ?

I believe , that in order to be successful , you first have to know what you want .
In which field do you want to excel ?
Where do you want to specialize ?
First you need a clear picture , what you want to achieve .
As soon as you know what you want , you can make plans on how to achieve your goal .

You will have to obtain knowledge , you might have to study , go to university , or just ask the right people how to start your business .
You will have to outline a plan , how to reach your aim , and it will be favourable when you include and ask people who are already successful in your field of interest .

You will also have to make financial plans and include banks or other sponsors ( maybe memers of your family ) in order to keep on going .
And you will have to readjust your outlines and actions to the reality , which will correct you and help you in becoming more efficient in your efforts .

At the end I want to say , that success means for each person something else .
Where we want to be successful - we will have to find that out for ourselves .
It might not be even noticeable for your neighbors , but you will know it when it happens .
And : small successes are the precursors of greater ones .
At school and university , students are asked to study an enormous range of different subjects .
Also the way students confront classes differ widely according to what they 're being taught .
Some courses require that the students memorize facts ( e.g. , history classes ) , others try to develop students ' particular skills ( e.g. computer science classes , sculpture classes ) , and in others students are asked to concentrate on particular abstract concepts ( e.g.philosophy classes ) .
I therefore think that a successful method of studying depends on what is being studied and focused on .
It is not possible to state whether it 's more useful to understand ideas and concepts or learn facts , unless we consider what time of subjects is being taught .

The topic of one subjects may be mainly factual , while in other classes the focus is on the discussion of concepts .
If we take a cooking class for example , we see that both concepts and facts are important .
We may want to learn where and why Italian pizza was created , what the conditions of the land that concurred in its creation were , and why it is called pizza .
But at the same time , because we 're attending a cooking class , we want to know how to cook it .
The ingredients that we need and the kind of manual work required are the basic elements in our lesson .
So , in this case , both concepts and facts have the same importance , depending on the emphasis the teacher or student give to what they 're examining ( in this case , the creation of a simple but successful food ) .

This example demonstrates that there are more than just one way in which one could approach his/her subject of study .
Therefore giving more importance to one aspect ( fact ) rather than the other ( concept ) or viceversa is not a successful way to learn .
Last week while I was driving to Gallarate , a town near the university I attend , I met my granmother , so I stopped and asked her were she was going .
Surprisingly she said that she was going to an elderly house in order to help the volunteers that worked there .
I have to admit that I strongly felt guilty > I was going to a shopping mall to do some shopping !

Thus , you can understand that I surely agree with this statement .
Personally I think that nowadays young people * like me ( don-t spend enought time helping thier communities .
There are many reasons for this behavior .
First I-m afraid that young people aren-t surely as generous as they ancestors .
They are much more committed to thier own interests and necessity so they don-t see the needings of other people .
What-s more they are not used to living away from their family and grandparents so they don-t understand how important is for elderly people to spend some time with the youngest , just listening to their problems and love stories .

Furthermore they usually stay at university campuses all the day/long , they don-t go off until the evening so they don-t even know what the problems of the community off the campus can be or where they can work as volunteers .
This fact must not be entirely seen as a lack of young people .
The work that must be done to receive high grades is very hard .
Students don-t have only to attend the lessons , but they must review the notes taken in class , meet other students in order to compare these notes , do group researches in the laboratories ...
Thus , very short time remaind for them and during these free times they probably want to enjoy theirselves .

So , even if it is true that young people don-t spend enought time helping their communities , in my point of view it is not completely they fault .
Thus , you can understand why last week I actually went to the shopping mall .
But you can also understand why I phoned my granmother later and asked her if she needs some help at the elderly house .
The topic of discussion today is whether it is good to travel in a group led by tour guide .
I believe that travelling in a group accompanied by a tour guide is a better option for several reasons .

Travelling in a group with guide enables us to visit all the places of importance which we may otherwise miss .
It gives us the opportunity to know about the place we are visiting in a better way than what we can do on our own .

Secondly historical places have certain history associated with them which we would never come to know if we do not have a travel guide .
Someone with appropriate knowledge can only guide us about the stories behind various momuments .

Suppose if we go visit Taj Mahal in India without a guide we would just be able to see a building and would not know what it specifies on the other hand if we are accompanied by a guide he would tell us the story behind the Taj Mahal which would make it more interesting and attractive .

Moreover travelling in group makes us enjoy more than what we can do alone and have better memories associated with certain events happened during the trip .
We can have more people to share with what we are feeling and enjoy with .

Additionally travelling in group proves to be more cost efficient than travelling alone as the expenses are shared amongst the group and one individual is not overburdened with all the expenses .

So we can conclude that travelling in group led by the Tour guide is the better option for visiting places as it turns out to be more opportunistic and cost efficient morever we enjoy more when in group rather than alone .
Sticking to ideas and performing the same tasks over and over again give you the possibility to become more and more elaborate or professional in this task .
Typically , people are getting faster , the more often they do the same job .
If you do the things everbody can do , you have to become better than the rest in order to maintein .
Therefore , doing things you already know means to become more professionel on a specific task .

This `` professionalization '' comes at a risk .
If your environment is changing , a spcialsit may find it difficult to change .
He has heavily invested in his efficiency in one task and will find it difficult to succeed in a new and unknown field .

However , the real opportunities lie in thinking outside the box and doing things in a different and new way even if they may appear simple .
This may open up new areas for growth and development .
You do not have to be the best or most efficient in accomplishing a spedfic task , rather you have to be first to spot an opportunity .

But doing things differently may not be enough .
At the same time you have to be the first to do something .
Once an option is spotted the process of `` professionalization '' starts again .
And a lot of peaple try to do exactly the same .

Thus , it is important not only to spot an opportunity at a given time but also to be constantly able to look for new opportunities .
Community ?
Who still helps his/her community ?
surelly young people do it less and less .
It surely is disappointing but there are obviously many reasons that explain this behaviour .
Firstly , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Since school asks a lot of work and that more and more young people have sport after college , it is difficult for them to find a place in their schedule to help their community .
In fact , society is so much turned towards self-accomplishment that it is hard for people brought up with this ideal to turn towards someting else .

Secondly , the point of view of the friends matters a lot , and since it does n't sound very `` sexy '' to do community work , a lot of people just never do it .
Imagine the laughters of friends when you say are helping an old lady while they are going to play basketball !
the young people helping their community may feel rejected and thus stop helping their community .
I 'm not saying that paying attention to other people remarks is what I 'm doing or what I prone , not at all !
I 'm just saying that it is a behaviour I have observed .

Thirdly , unless youg people work in a political field where they really have the power to make things move well people do n't really find it interesting to help their community .
Nowdays young people are so much turned towards the futur that ( often ) their only idea is to leave their city , to build their own life far away of the one their communities have .

To conclude , young people do n't really help their community and it is a behaviour that is surelly pittyful .
But can we really accuse these young people ?
maybe it is also the fault of the society which build us up in a way that we don ' t really feel the need of helping our community .
A society yet more independant , more liberal and thus less familiar and social .
There are several advantages and disadvantages on this topic .
Some people think that you can only have success when you take risks , on the other hand there are a lot of people who do n't think like they do .

One of the advantages can be that you gain experience of trying something new .
You cannot talk about it when you never made the experience .
For example the last time i went to a restaurant and ordered lobster .
I have never had lobster before , and I was afraid that the lobster would not be good .
But it was not just good , it was great !

Furthermore , there are also disadvantages of being risky all the time .
When you try out new things it can also happen that you get dissapointed .
For Example when you buy a movie on dvd that you have never seen .
After watching it you maybe regret your decision in buying this movie .

But there are also advantages of doing `` already known '' things .
No surprises , no catches , no strings .
La Quinta for example , a well known hotel in the Southern States of America , makes commercial advertisement with this statement .
So you know what the hotel is going to do to make your stay there as much comfortable as they can .

On the other hand there is also the disadvantage that you cannot develop yourself by trying out new things .
Though , you always stay on the same level .

From this , i think there is not only one way to go .
Sometimes you have to be spontaneous and try new things out , but it 's not always necessary .
In my opinion , the best thing is to find a mixture between these two statements .
I think that the `` middle way '' is always the best , do n't go for extremes .
I do believe that the young people nowadays give enough time to help their communities .
I am making this statement based on severel experiences which I have described below .

Recently there was a proposal for reservation of seats in leading educational institutions for few sections of the community in India .
Lots of young people opposed to this law .
There were protests in several cities against this law .
I also took part in a protest in the city I lived .
We protested by carryout a peaceful rally in the city .
In all these protests it was observed that the majority of the protesters were young people in the age group of 20 to 25 .
It is intersting to note that these young people donot gain anything from this protest but they knew that the law would kill the merit and affect the next generation of students .
This was their was of helping the community and they were successful at it .

Another instance in which I was involved and where I felt that the young people were doing their part to help their communities is described below .
About a year back I was involved with a voluntary organisation which worked towards the upliftment of poor construction worker kids .
We had planned to organise a party for these poor kids and we needed volunteers to organise some games and sports for the kids and also raise some money for the event .
We made a call for the volunteers and its was great to see that lots of young people turned up .
The volunteers not only helped in organising the event but also raised money for the event by donating from their pockets .
The event was a great success .

Also I see lots of young people involved in creating AIDS awareness India .

I do agree that in this age of fast life , people find it difficult to take some time out of their busy schedule to contribute to the society .
But I do feel that all the young people are doing thier part by spending money or effort to help their comminities .
Althoug there are still many young people who are very engaged in their commmunities , I agree that in general they do n't provide enough help .
Especially by observing the intense need for help in many communities because of less support from the government it is clear to me that there should be much more young people engaging themselves in their communities .
Nevertheless , I have the strong impression that the interest in social activities has decreased among young people .
This has three basic reasons .

First , I am convinced that the decrease of importance of religion in the modern society has caused a more egoistic approach in life of young people .
Since there is less religious education , providing moral values , the emphasis is put on personal succes but not on helping others .
Thus , it appears that helping the community for many young people is a minor goal in live than egoistic aims .
Therefore there are less young people who are helping their community by taking part in social work of the churches .

Furthermore , young people are also less interrested in politics .
Threfore the young people spend their time with other things like personal amusement and do not try to realise their political and social views in their communities .
For example in the generation of my parents there were regular political debates in their town , where also young people made proposals for social projects and also participated in such actions to realise their political aims .

Lastly , I believe that live in big cities prevents young people of helping there communities .
Although there is a lot of social work to do especially in big cities , only a few young people are trying to improve the situation because they probably feel anonymous in big cities and cannot identify with socially weaker people .
Apart from that there is also a lack of group feeling in big cities .
Consequently the young people do not experience life as living in a community and are therefore less motivated to offer their help .
Success represents a kind of obsession for many people , something that everybody aims in his/her life .
And I am one of them too .
If we look in a dictionary , we wo n't find an exhaustive explanation of what this word really means , for instance success is a very personal concept that can generically be related to the achievement of something , no matter what it is .
But once that you successed in doing or obtaining something , there is for sure something more you want or you tend to .
That 's why successful people always look for new challenges .

I guess that success can be defined as a kind of adrenaline , a drug , in fact the more successful you are , the more you want to become .
For example as I was an outstanding athlete in the practice of judo , I became part of the Italian national team , and even if I should have been satisfied by this sport achievement , I wanted more .
Therefore I began to practise many other sports in order to be fit and to demonstrate myself that I was polivalent .
But what I have to admitt is that I was terribly attracted by risky activities such as climbing and free-style skiing , and that 's what I eventually did .

I think that this attitude of successful people could be compared to mountain trekking , for instance when you reach a peak in the Alps , you are very satisfied , but then you start thinking about the Rocky Mountains , and then to the Andes and then your only desire become to watch the Earth from the Everest .

In the end I support the idea that successful people are considered by society successful because they never give up in their ambitions and in their strong will to discover or to achieve in something .
That 's maybe why Christopher Columbus discovered America , why we drive cars , why we use mobiles and why it said to be that Armstrong was the first man who did the famous first step on the Moon .
Knowledge of any kind is always good .
I believe if one has the opportunity and intellectual capacity to acquire vast amounts of knowledge from different fields he or she should not let the opportunity pass .

On the other hand , if an individual tries to engage in the study of too many subjects at once , he or she might not get to achieve the level of specialisation needed to fully grasp the overall concept of an academic subject .

The usefulness of having a knowledge expanding through different academic fields is that one can rely on other fields to backup its arguments in a more effective manner .
Noone can argue that politics is not linked to the study of law , economics and even sociology .
And moreover , many of the great thinkers and most of the great inventors in history have had a broad knowledge on different subjects .
People like Leonardo Da Vinci applied their knowledge in different fields to bring about new and original proposals to our world .

However , it is also true that at earlier times humanity was still discovering the most basic knowledge and technology and therefore to be a knowledgeable person on a field was not as complicated as it is today .
Today , media , think tanks and many other institutions are providing us with immense ammounts of information in thousand of different fields and with a level of specialisation never seen before .
Before a Bachelor of Arts was enough to enter a succesful career in academia , even business .
Today Masters programmes , further education degrees , seminars , etc. mushroom around the academic world promoting the new mantra , specialisation .
Universities , colleges and the business community expects the best of the best in the field they are recruiting in .
I believe there is a very romanticised view of knowledge in the academic world today that I share but that I believe to be outdated in the realities of the professional world today .

As a form of a conclusion I would like to say that it is also worrying the lack of out-of-business interest people have .
Not many professionals today have intellectual hobbies they devote their time to after work .
Neither do they pass that intellectual curiosity to their children .
A Humanist culture , a love for general knowldege , from music to literature , makes better citizens and more sensible people .
I am not going to claim in this paper that general knowledge is better for a career oriented person but it is definitely an essential complement to a nation 's life , in social interaction as much as in a more personal level .
It is generally believed that to have a broad knowlegde of various academic subjects is preferable of being specialised in a sole subject .
As far as I am concerned , I utterly agree with this statement for the following reasons .
First of all , having a broad knowledge of more that just one subjet is certainly more useful to find a job .
In today 's society , the marketplace is extremely full , as a result of which it is particularly difficult to find a job .
If we take university students as an example , the chances that all of them will find an occupation in their respective fields of study is very slim .

It is indeed extremely complicated to find the job of your dreams .
Therefore , given the current situation , it is far better to have a broad knowledge of different subjects , since this is likely to improve the chances of obtaining a temporary job of any sort .

Secondly , to my view , this first option is better for the simple fact that it more interesting and sensible , especially if you are interested in many subjects .
Should a student have as many interests as I have , he will have a lots of difficulties in trying to decide , once for all , what he will study for the rest of his life .

Personally , I like a considerable number of subjects which are extremely different from each other .
As a result , it is hard to make a choice , especially if you think that this is a decision that is bound to influence the course of your life in the future .
Cope with such pressure is very difficult .

As a third point , I would like to add that a person who is specialised in many subjects will always have the opportunity to choose a more specific field of study later on .
In this way , instead of making hurried decisions , he will be able to consider all the advantages and the disadvantages that the subject entails , and therefore be better prepared for his future working experience .
Being a succesful person changes according to people 's thoughts and personality .
One considers that earning a lot of money is success but the other considers that painting a beautiful painting is makes a person successful .
But the common thing is that all these people are trying new things and taking risks .

The first advantage of taking risks is earning self-confidence .
The people who have succeeded something and moving towards to a new adventure become more self-confident , and it makes people more easy to success another thing .

The second point is , new experiences instead of things that already known how to do well , bring new successes to the person with them .
And the reputation of the successful person at the society that he lives increases .

The other advantage of trying new things and taking risks is , promotion .
There is always someone who is watching you and your every step during your business life .
Being successful and trying another thing knowing that you are going to be successful again has a positive affect on your boss or lecturer etc. and makes everything much more easier to get a promotion and receive a higher salary check .

Observing what is happening around you and being open-minded to new ideas that you have never tried before may help you to be more self-confident and successful person .
In my opinion this question needs to be dealt with in a differentiated way , there are pros and cons .

A significant argument in favor of the statement is that certain developpments which currently take place , lead to a higher degree of egoism among the people .
We live in a world , which globalizes more and more , there is more competition and everything becomes increasingly busy and difficult .
One has to face unemployment or lower wages unless you are better than others , one has to dominate others in a certain way .
I think this quite general phenomenon gradually leads to a change in social behaviour , which expresses itself for example in a lack of young people , willing to help their communities .

Furthermore young peoble are in many cases not willing to help in their community for the simple reason that other things are more entertaining .
Why should they help older people or do some cleaning job when they could alternatively spend their time playing computer games , watching a series in television or hanging out with friends .
Young people are n't sufficiently taught that it can be far more interesting to help others and to improve the community experience .

On the other side there are also some argument against this statement .
The existence of a considerable number of organizations in ther welfare-sector and the fact that young people are integrated in these organizations serves as a proof against the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .

There are religious organizations , sport clubs and political parties which dedicated themselves to the duty of helping in their community and the y have many young members .
Apart from that the civil service is the Germnan alternative to the militarz service .
For the period of one year young people can help in there communities .
The future has always interested human beings , as well as technologies .
We happen to wonder about several topics , like guessing if there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today or not .

We could agree with this statement and think that there will be other ways to move around in the future , but we are not sure of anything for now .
This is the reason why I believe in cars rather than in future technoligies , such as flying ships or so .

We can evoquate the presence of the train and the plane , which have a rather good success among people nowadays than in the past .
This would be a good point , because people take them a lot more than ever .
This is due especially to their efficiency and safety .
They are faster than a car and safer , for example .
Some of us might prefer to travel by train or by plane since we do not have to drive or to focus on what is going on , and that we can fit a lot more people in these means of transportations .
However , it is rare to arrive exactly where we want to by train or plane .
That is , we will still rely on someone to come pick us up at the train station or at the airport .

To my mind , I do not think that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years .
Indeed , people are buying more and more cars , as in the United States .
Other countries are beginning to do the same .
Everytime we need to go somewhere , it is becomimg automatic : we take the car .
This is faster and easier for un since we do not have to walk or do some physical activity .
Human beings are becoming dependant on their cars .
This is another reason why I think there will be more cars in use in twenty years .

In conclusion , I do not agree with the statement given , but in the pursue of the car industry .
The car has become a part of humans ' lives ( for most of us ) , therefore I believe it still has good days to come .
In the Western world most people consider that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I have recently been asked if I agree with that line of thought .
Contrary to what most people think , I consider that old people enjoy life more for a number of reasons : they have life achievements to look back to and be proud of ; they can see the influence they exert in their children and grandchildren ; and , they are experienced and see life from another perspective .

Through time older people have experienced positive and negative events .
They have been through moments in life , where everything has been about accomplishments and triumphs , like getting married or becoming a well-known doctor , and others where failure and tragedy , like closing a business or facing a close relative 's death , have played an important role .
However , throughout the years they have learned to balance all these experiences and see that life is beautiful , and that every accomplishment should be a reason to be proud of and every moment should be enjoyed to its fullest potential .

At the same time , older people are able to enjoy the influence they exert in their children and grandchildren , and see the effort they did throughout their life reflected on them .
It is difficult to see a higher pride or degree of accomplishment , than that shown on a grandfather 's face when playing ball with his grandson .
That is a sign of enjoying the little moments of life at their greatest potential , without worrying about the next day 's meeting , or the undone project sitting in front of the computer .

Older people see life from a different perspective than young people do .
And as a famous Latin American poet writes , `` if I lived again I would worry much less about being so careful , about wearing sweaters and always leaving home with an umbrella ...
I would travel without luggage and not be concerned of the day I have to come back ... ''
For these reasons I think old people enjoy life more than young people .
The good news is that we are still young and we can start enjoying life just as all of our grandparents do , taking from them an example for the rest of our lives .
People respond to this issue differently .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping thier communities .
As a young girl , I do n't think that I can give enough time to help my community .
Here comes some reasons .

First of all , young people nowadays have more vivid personalities than decades ago .
In this situation , young people try their best to be themselves and do everything they want to do .
So they may have fewer time and may be unwilling to helping their communities just because they think it is stupid or rediculous if they help thier communuties .
In other words , they think that helping their communitis is not the thing that a young man should do .
For example , young people in my country indicates that young people should go outside and try something new and exciting , not just stay at home or in communities .
Participating activities of communities is the thing that old people do .
Although this may not be a correct idea , it really influence you

In addition , as advanced technology is invented and applied , there are more and more activities that young people can do .
But we only have 24 hours a day and it led to a fewer time to hepling our communities in contrast .
For example , we can go see a movie or go riding , go kloofing , or even attand to a big computer game competition .
There are too many things for we young people to try and to experience .
That is , we can hardly get eough time helping our communities because there are more and more interesting and exciting activities that appeal to us .

To summarize , young nowadays really do n't give enough time to help their communities .
But this does n't mean that we do n't love our own community , afterall , there are too many things enchant us .
We have the right to participate an activity that is really interesting to us and this may help us to learn more and experience mor from it .
Peoples like to travel around the world , they wants to know the have a very good memory and able to know different culture in different country , In my country , people usually go to travel as a group which led by a tour guide , because it is much more cheaper and they wants to go with their friend or family .
In my point of view , I think we still can travel to other country by ourself .
On that condition , you can do whatever you want and to able enjoy the trip .

Firstly , the country that you pick to travel which probably is the country that you wants to go the most uring that time .
Usually , if you go with your friend or family , you need to take care about them , you need to discuss where to go before getting out of the hotel .
During the discussion , you might have different opinion with others .
So , the advantage of the going alone is you can do want you want and go to the place that you wants .
It is very good that you do n't have to disscuss with other and you can arrange your own time .

Secondly , most of the people wants to have a relaxing and confortable trip during their travel .
They probably do n't want to miss out some special place or food in that country .
Also , they usually want to have good memory if they are really enjoy to visit the country and might go there once again .
Since going with a group of people , you might feel very innoying , usually , if it is led by a tour guide , the time is very limited , you go to the place and then you need to go to another place as soon as possible .
After the whole trip is finish , you might feel that actually you didnt visit and know the country much .
Therfore , if you go alone , you might enjoy your trip and may be you can know some new friend .

In conclusion , some people might think that travel alone is kind of stupid , they just want to go with their friends and family .
During the trip , there is someone who are willing to talk with you .
But actually , travel alone to other country is not that bad at all , we can arrange our own time and go to the place that we want .
We will know some new friend and fully enjoy during the trip .
Many people argue that younger people enjoy life more than older people do .
From staying up late and doing activities to playing extreme sports , many argue that younger people has the youth to do more things that older people cannot do .
Although it is commonly accepted that younger people are less fatigues than older people when participating in any activity , it does not mean that younger people enjoy their life more than older people .
I believe that the statment , `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' is false .

Being younger does not necessarily mean that they know how to enjoy their time well .
Younger people are usually enrolled into schools and universities , which gives them less if not no time to enjoy their life .
Also when they get older , they must find a job , and work their way up to higher position , where they would have more free time .
Only then would a person be able to enjoy life by doing activities that he/she enjoys .
Since it tends to take time for a certain individual to be in a higher position in one 's own company , people gets to enjoy their life after they get older .

Also Younger people face many disadvantages that older people does not .
Younger people may not have as much freedom as older people do , such as being denied to enter a bar .
Also an older individual usually has more money to spend for leisure time , while younger person might not have as much money to spend anything on .
Being younger does not only bring advantages , which offsets the disadvantages of physical limits that older people often face .

Although many argue that a younger individual has more capabilities , time , and youth to do activities than older people do , I believe that statement to be false .
Each individual 's physical limits are defined by one 's will power and one 's own physical capabilities , and since this is the case , the situation varies among each individuals .
Also since being older can bring positive advantages , I believe that younger people does not necessarily enjoy life more than older people do .
I believe that it is much more important for students to understand ideas and conceots than just to memorize facts .
Through my life experience i realized that understanding the idea of a fact and the reason why this fact is availabe to us is very important .

I did n't come to realize the importance of understanding facts before learning them until i was in high school .
Back then , I faced a lot of trouble trying to memorize the requirements for the tests .
I especially face trouble in biology , where i spent hours and hours memorizing the steps of `` photosenthisis '' .
And when i finally gave up and asked my friend for help , he gave me the most important tip .

he told me that unless i understand why the step is taking place i wouldnt be able to memorize all of the steps of the process .
he also said that understanding the `` idea '' behind the steps will help me in memorizing their order .
Take for example taking in minerals from the soil , these minerals have to be present before taking in light from the sun for the burning to occur .
So , offcourse talking in sunlight comes after talking in minerals and before burning .
i remember memorizing the steps and in their right order in less than 10 minutes , offcourse after understanding each and every on of them .
So , personally i alwayz make sure that i understand ideas and concepts before attempting to learn them as simple facts .
I believe that all students should go by this rule of `` understanding before memorizing '' .
are not sleeping well these days .
They say that it is becoming a harsher world .
The development of technology resulted in isolation between families and neighboors .
The younger generation is especially thought of as self-centered and unhelpful to their communities .
Some facts might be true , but I disagree with the statement that the younger generation is unhelpful because young people spend a lot of time contributing to their communities by direct and indirect ways .

The first reason I disagree with the statement is that young people actually do spend a lot of time helping out with the community .
For example , in my college , every freshman 's dream is to join a student operated club to make school life more enjoying and plentiful .
There are various choices of clubs , ranging from drama clubs to tea drinking clubs .
However , out of the approximitly 100 clubs , one third of the clubs are volunteering clubs .
Also , our school has a course that gives credit for volunteering during the semester .
Eventhough the course is worth 1 credit , it is impossible to take the course because so many students apply for it .
It may seem like young people are only interested in themselves , but given these reasons , I unquestionably believe that young people spend a considerate amount of time helping the community .

Moreover , I disagree with the statement because the younger generation contribute to their communities not only directly , but in indirectly as well .
Unlike the older generation , the younger people are exposed to advanced technology and globalization .
In their own way their own way .
For example , my country , Korea , is a small country .
Recently , however , Korea has been expanding quickly into the world .
The reason is that young , smart people made succeses all over the world .
Because the represent our country , our country has a more succesful status in the world .

The younger generation may be a little more self-minded than the older people .
However , that does not mean that they do not help their society .
We are all contridbuting to our communities the way we can in our own unique ways .
That is why our world is still a beautiful place to live .
I believe that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts .
Understanding ideas and concepts can lead to interesting debates , it can be used in our everyday life and it can also help us understanding different facts from the past .
Facts are only dates and names in books or newspapers , while concepts and ideas let us imagine different possibilities through different aspects of life .

First of all , understanding ideas and concepts can lead a classroom or a group of friends into an interesting debate .
By exchanging opinions about a particular concept , for example , communism , we can learn new things and support our opinion by giving arguments .
Understanding the ideas of our mates is also important .
It gives us a chance to be in the other person 's position .
It helps us to have a wider frame of mind .

Secondly , being educated about many concepts and ideas can help us in our everyday life by helping us taking an important decision .
For example , if you have to vote at a provincial election , you need to understand what thesis each candidate supports .
You need to be aware of the consequence that each political party can bring to the population .
You can develop your own opinion based on ideas and concepts , and then make a choice about the party that will get your vote .

Lastly , the capability to understand concepts can help you understand different facts that happened in the past .
For example , if you understand the concept of socialism in the U.S.S.R. , you will be able to understand the actual facts about Russia , such as economical difficulties , health problems and the gap between rich and poor people .

In conclusion , I think that understanding ideas and concepts makes a student much richer than by simply learning facts .
Facts can always be learned in books , while concepts and ideas can mostly be learned through experience !
`` Young people enjoy life more than older people . ''
That is a statement which I do not necessarily agree with , due to a variety of reasons based on the sheer wording of the statement , as wellas other issues like the current circumstances of individuals , their definition of `` enjoying life '' and what activities it involves .

The very first issue that needs to be addressed when discussing this statement is how we are to characterise the `` young people '' and the `` older people '' ?
Does young mean children , aged 1-12 while older is above that ?
Or does young include all pre-adults and older include those beyond 21 ?
The terms `` young '' and `` older '' are very subjective and therefore greatly limit the credibility of this statement .
In order to be as precise as possible , for the purposes of this response , let us assume that young people fall into the age bracket of one to twenty nine years of age , while older people are above thirty .

The pleasures involved with enjoying life for young and older people vary tremendously , based on the stage of life in which they are .
For instance , a child could derive immense pleasure from spending a day on the beach , simply building sand castles .
On the other hand , an older person could derive even more pleasure from driving a million dollar sportscar .
How can we measure the relative enjoyment received ?
Therefore , without being able to do so , it is impossible to make a claim that young people enjoy life more than older people .

It is possible to argue that in general , the pleasures of the young are more simple and pure as they tend to be carefree , with little responsibility , especially when compared to older people who probably have jobs to go to every morning and a family to support .
Looking at it from this angle makes it seem like young people have the better life .
However , another way to look at it is that at a younger age , people tend to have more restrictions placed on them , like parental rules , school codes etc , while adults or older people are free from such restrictions , to a certain extent , which gives them unlimited access to enjoyment .
Older people also tend to have stronger financial capabilities that enable them to enjoy many perks of life that youngsters do not have access to or cannot typically afford .

Therefore , for the above stated reasons , I cannot agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people because that involves having to make many assumptions which are unrealistic .
It all depends on the individual himself/herself , the circumstances in which they live , their likes , dislikes , their personality traits and so on .
A child could enjoy his life just as much as an fifty year old adult .
There is no limit that can control such a feeling and so agreeing with the statement is completely out of the question .
Learning the facts and understanding the ideas and concepts are actually the most significant elements for students but i agree with the given statement and think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
I think there are some reasons make students behave this way .

First of all , we are all in a very competitive school environment and we have to get high grades at school .
In order to get high grades we have to study very hard .
But while we are studing we see that the ideas and concepts are more in important in the exams than the facts .
I maen the teachers ask us about the specific methods , ideas or the concepts rather than the truths or facts .
Therefore in order to be successful we deal with the important points of the exams and it is certain that ideas and concepts are more important in the exams .
I can say that i do the same thing and i deal with the concepts and ideas more than i care about to learn facts .

Secondly i can frankly indicate that today students are lazy .
Learning the facts need more skills like critical thinking , assessing the issues and clarifying the different aspects of them and etc. but on the other hand understanding the methods , idaes or concepts is something more easier .
To be able to understand the ideas or concepts you do not have to think of it detailly , you can only study the course materials and maybe memorize them .
Thus i can suggest that understanding the ideas is more easier for students than learning the facts .
That is why they find it more important to understand the ideas and concepts than to learn facts .

Another element make students feel this way is the education system .
I can give examples from my country .
In Turkey the education system leads students to feel and behave this way .
For instance in our history courses they just make us to memorize the ideas and the concepts instead of giving us information and background about the facts .
We memorize the dates of the wars or important events during the reign of a sultan but unfortunately we can not deal with the realities .
Hence i can indicate that education system is a very basic and significant element at this issue .

All in all , it is cartain that students find it more important to understand the ideas and concepts rather than learning the facts but i hope one day it will change and we will start thinking of the facts more than we do today .
I think this will be a very significant milestone in students education life and more creative and good skilled young students will be trained .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements overexagerate the qualitiy of products .
This trend can be found in all varities of ads , including print , film and audio .
Some examples where advertisments make products seem much better than they really are include , but are not limited to the following :
Laundry detergants and cosmetical articles are often shown in ads , where the effects of their use are made to look much better than they actually are .
Weight loss products and exercising equipment are commonly advertised by using before-and-after pictures of people , who deliberatly gained body mass over a short period of time and thus allowing them to regain their ideal body weight easily in a short time .

Also professional athelets are used to promote certain articles , creating the impressions that the application of the product led to the results and not the years of hard work and traditional exercise .

Today , where consumers use tools such as the internet or magazines to research the qualities of a product , such as consumer reports or the J.D. Power survey , exageration has lost some of it potential for persuading consumers , as long as the customer is carefull about not making impulsive desicisons to purchase a product .

Exageration is not in all cases used to mislead the consumer , but also as an intrument to point out certain features or qualities of a product , that might not be notable at first sight , for example a refinement in a recipe or an increased package size .
This is also used when there are only slight variation with an competitive product , for example fuel - efficency with cars , calories in hamburges , or interest rates in the financial world .

If an advertisement with great exageration is used , its a humoerous way to make the consumer remember the product .
In conclusion exageration is used to point out qualities of a product , make it stand out from competitors , create an memeroable ad , or even mislead the consumer about the products qualities and benefits .
I strongly believe that people who try new things and take risks are more successfull than people who keep doingg what they already know how to do well .
By taking risks and doing new things you face newer situations which will help you to push yourself away from your comfort zone which will help you be a better and successfull person .
I have personally experienced and have read many situations where taking risks and doing things have helped changed lives and to be successfull .

In my first job I wanted to try out something new and apply for a position in sales and marketing , but since I was a very good software porgrammer , everyone said that I would not be suitable for the position and most of my peers discouraged me from taking up the position .
Infact I was a little doubtful about leaving my comfort zone and entering into untested waters , but I took the position which eventually helped me start my own business .
I would not be in this position if I had not taken that risk .

In the business world there are stories of many risks but a couple of them which fascinate me are the stories of Bill Gates and Steve Jobs .
Bill Gates quit his school to do something new , something he liked the most and something that was not done before , `` personal computers '' .
He became successful and changed the course of not just his life but the lives of everyone else on the planet .
Steve Jobs who should be given enough credit for his contribution to the developement of PC 's made a comback a few years ago with his latest invetion iPods .
Before Apple Computers ( which was run by Steve Jobs ) came up with iPod , there were many mp3 players but they lacked recognition .
Steve Jobs novel idea of attractive product descign coupled with seamless integration with computers created the new `` iPod Generation '' and completely revived Apple Computers .

Hence based on my personal experience and also experiences of many others I very strongly believe that by doing new things you improve yourself which increases your capability to do better things and to take risks and be successfull .
Here i want to sight a quotation that `` who dares wins '' .
I feel that successful people are those people who have taken risk to do well in their respective fields or taken a risk of choosing a new field to succeed .

I feel that no proffession or venture of human is risk free .
For example if a man have money to invest , he should risk to invest the money in a new bussiness or even shares of some reputed companies .
If he does not take this risk to invest in one field or other , his money may loose it 's value after some period .
If this risk turns to be fruitful , we can say that the risk the man taken succeeded .
We can also say that the man is a successful man .

If a man goes on doing the same work he knows how to do well sometime or the other he will feel life to be boredom .
So taking risk makes man to live lively .
If our premature man have not taken the risk of finding fire , we might be eating the same raw meat and uncooked food .
If they have not taken the risk of hunting animals in those days the human race that we see now may not be existing .
If scientists have not taken the risk of spending their time or brain on inventing new things , we may not be in this developed world of high scientifisc adavancement .

In medicine field if the then doctors has not taken the risk to operate a person by surgery many diseases or injuries of little importance now might still be lethal to human life causing many deaths .
All the recent advances in the automobiles or aeroplanes is because of risk that was taken by our forefathers in developing them .

I feel that all the knowledge that we enjoy now in any field like space research or medicine is because of the risks that were taken by one or the other .

So in my opinion no proffession is risk free and there is no existance of this world if no one takes risk .
There are large number of people who are intelligent in this world .
They have a lot of knowledge and they do know many facts about the most types of studying .
Can we really consider all of them as smart and the most successful people in the world ?
Maybe , but certainly not all of them .
I say we can call a person intelligent if he/she understands the ideas and the concepts of the facts they have learned , not only solid facts that are memorized .
In order to educate our student , more intelligent and successful , it is more important to make students understand ideas and concepts .

It is not hard to find people with lots of information and facts in their brains .
It 's also not rare to find them having difficulty of explaning thier ideas of how those concepts they know make sense or funtion .
One of the reason why most of them are not capable of doing that is because that they just have memorized what the teacher or others have told them .
They just remember what they are told .
Those kind of `` smart '' people knows that 1 + 1 = 2 but they do not know why , because their teachers never explained them or they did not tend to know about those things .
This derive us to the fact that they are smart because they know the facts that some others might not know but not really because they do n't understand the ideas and concepts that are related to the facts they know .

Students are prepared for their future lives in a bigger society in schools and what our society wants are the people who are smart , who know how to apply their knowledge in certain situations .
People who only learned about the facts but not about their nature or concepts do not really know how to use their knowledge in a real life .
They have their knoledge in their head only .
On the other hand , people who know the facts and also fully understand the ideas and concepts , know how to apply those knowledge in any situation they encounter .
They do know how certain things work so therefore they can change things in order to their understood ideas and concepts , and make it work for most situations .

A school is an institution where teachers teach students to be prepared for their future .
It is not a factory where workers just put some information to their computers ' database .
In order to fulfill the goal of the institution and also to make sure educate students in the way where they are able to use and apply their knowledge in their everyday life , the school should teach and the students should tend to learn ideas and concepts rather than just to learn facts because it is much more important .
Technological advancements allow the modern man use faster and more modern cars .
It is a fast way of transportation , but cars increase day by day which also increases the pollution and the park problem in modern cities .
Finding an alternative to cars as transportation vehicles may decrease the problems of air pollution and parking place .

The air pollution is a real problem especially in big cities .
There are a lot of cars which is polluting the air with poisonous gases .
Besides many other air polluting factors , the gases from these cars make the cities ' air unbreathable which is very dangerous especially for children .

Another problem caused by the cars is the lack of enough parking places .
Working people prefer going to their jobs with their own cars because it is faster .
However ; this creates a parking problem .
There are not enough parking places for so many cars .

The heavy traffic is another problem of the modern man created by a lot of cars .
Traveling by car is time consuming in the high tempo of the working life in which time is precious .
Besides ; it is very stressful .

The solution to all these problems caused by the increased number of the cars may be promoting the public transportation .
By increasing the number of buses ; trains and subways and quality of the servicethe problem can be solved .
The public transportation vehicles may go more places than they go now .
And if the number is increased the service will be faster and better .
Moreover it will be cheaper .
THe governments can solve the problem working on decreasing the number of the cars and increasing the number of the public transportation vehicles .
As a student , i agree totally to this statement .
It is more important to understand ideas rather then memorising the facts because the final results of the two methods are totaslly different .
When you just memorize a text , a formula , or a date , it is very rare that a few weeks or months later you will remember it at all .
This method can be useful only for tests or oral exams , but totally useless if you want to remember that information for a long period of time .
Instead , when you understand an idea or concept , and then you study it , the result is totally different , because that notion will become part of you , part of your cultural baggage that will accompany for your entire life .

Although this can look obvious for most of the people , many still do n't understand it .
This can be a problem if the person mentioned is somedy that is in tight contact with a student , like a teacher .
I can say this thanks to my personal experience : as a student infact , i 'm in contact with a person that is the perfect example of what I 'm talking about , my math teacher .
Although she is an experienced teacher , she still is of the idea that students do n't need to understand totally what the exercise is about , and thinks that it is possible to do things just by memorising formulas , without knowing why those formulas are like that and why we must use them .
The result is that during the year people can do things correctly , but the following year , nobody can remember anything .
So i personally think that just memorising something ca n't help a student , if not for his or hers immidiate future .
But the problem arrives when the student needs the notions he has learned during high school to be able to get into university and to understand things once he is in .

In conclusion , if you understand an idea , it is right for you to explain it to somebody else , especially if it is the teacher that was n't able to explain it to you in the first place .
When making reference to high school itself , it is much better to see a well-rounded transcript with Bs and As in every subject then to observe how a student had straight A+ in a certain subject , but failed in every other class .
The main point of academic subjects and school it to keep challenging yourself , never cieseing to strive for the best and never feeling satisfied with the least of what you can do .

Colleges are n't striving to recruit the A+ student that is n't committed to extra curricular activities , leadership and community service ; they 're searching for the `` well-rounded student '' .
Of course , if you can be a Honors student , athletic and president of the class at the same time , go right ahead !
But basically , everyone has to learn to do a little of everything to achieve success in life .
Being perfect at art crafts but pathetically stupid at mathematics wo n't allow you to succeed because you will need someone to do all you do n't know how to .
Once you think you 're perfect at a single subject , you must find a way to challenge yourself to improve in it as well .

Since the world has gotten so competitive over the past decades , knowing absolutely all there is to know about a single subject wo n't get you far in life because it is more important to be `` a well - rounded person '' than perfect at a single subject .
To impress someone you have to denote your overall cultural knowledge and not only your broad wisdom in history , for example .
To strive for the best , you have to know as much as possible from every academic subject .
In my experience , it has been impossible to be perfect at every subject naturally , but I find more satisfaction in constantly striving to do my best and being well-rounded in school .

An English teacher at school once told me `` it is not necessary to be , but to pretent to be '' .
When I first heard what he said I thought it was inmoral and an uneducated expectation of life .
Thinking about those words and referring to it by previuos experience though , I concluded that what he said was correct ; even though I did n't want him to be .
If you cannot find a way to be perfect in every academic subject you must pretend to be .
The way to `` pretend to be '' is to constantly rehearse on being the best , striving for the best and giving the best of your knowledge and will to that subject .
Soon , you will learn to love it , appreciate it , enjoy it and acknowledge important facts out of it .

In conclusion , is it better to have broad knowledge on many academic subjects rather than specializing in one specific subject because that 's what life it all about : knowing a bit of everything to be able to survive in this competitive world .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , sciences , arts , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
Someone whos life only reflects mathematical achievements will lack the intelligence , or knowledge , to be able to fullfill the rest of the activities in his daily life .
Nowadays it is often mentioned that we are using up our natural resources and that there will be very few resources of fuel in a few decades .
As the usable amount fuel will be getting less the the cost will get higher .
Even today for a few years gas and fuel prices have gone very high .
As a result of these it is claimed by some of the researchers that there will be fewer cars in twenty years time .
Though I do not agree with this idea , I even think that there will be more cars in twenty years .
There are two reasons that i strongly claim .

First reason of the fact that there will not be fewer cars in use in twenty years is the alternative energy sources .
As engineers we predict that alternative energy sources will be in use in ten years time like sun and hydrogen energy .
There are really important researches on the use of these energies for cars .
Even in Turkey there are more than 40 cars using sun energy built so far .
Moreover cars using hydrogen energy has already been built but still being worked on .
When we come over this energy problem , in other words make the last car products working with alternative energy there will certainly be an increse in the number cars in use .

The second reason is that in twenty years there will still be plenty of petrol that can be used ( may be more expensive ) .
And if we consider the populaion growth and the increase of wealth we can conclude that in twenty years there will more people using cars , even one family will have four or five cars !

As a result the claim that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years is completely wrong from the point of view that I have here .
As an engineer I can say that cars in use will increase day by day
My grandfather was 90 years old when he passed away .
While his life had ended , mine still continued .
However , I could in no way say that he did not enjoy life .
He was one of the most charismatic people I ever knew and if someone had had any experience about life , it was him .
One has to admit that younger people are able to move much faster , and learn much faster , but the truth of the matter is that older people have already learned their lessons , and thus are more able to enjoy life .

Nowadays , youth has the possibility of using technology , which has made life so much more fun , and provided various ways of entertainment such as movies or the Internet .
Also , the fact that we are young in the 21st century allows us to experience much more than our elders experiences during their youth .
As I was telling my friend Mike the other day , there is no way enjoy life without youth .
Precisely the fact that we have not learned our lessons yet , opens up the possibility of discovering new worlds and having new experiences , which our elders simply do n't have at the moment .

While youth does have the added bonus of more time left , older people have the added bonus of their experience .
With time , a person can learn to do new things , find new things , which will simply benefit his or her life .
For example , the fact that my dad has travelled to Paris and knows all the good places there allows him to visit them again and again , something a young person with no travelling experience will not be able to do .
Also , an older person is more likely not to depend on someone economically or legally , which allows them to be freer , than their counterparts : the young people .

In conclusion , I would say that while older people are maybe not as capable of moving as fast as younger people , age does not prevent anyone from enjoying life to the maximum point .
I will always remember my grandfather , anxious to show his experiences and colorful life to his nieces and nephews while continuing to live his live to the fullest .
In spite of the general economic developpment of most of the people on the planet allowing more and more citizens to earn their own car , the lack of petroleum could also stop the increasing growth of production of cars worldwide .

Petroleum is not an infinite ressource , and gasoil is made of it .
Everybody knows that there will no longer be available petroleum in fifty years !
This idea conveys a surrounding concern for environmemt , the protection of our planet and the preservation of our energetic ressources .

In order to concretize these ideas , people started already to share cars , as they share flats .
Sharing cars prevents from economic and energetic wasting .
Citizens are encouraged to take public transports such as buses or metropolitan instead of using their cars for short distances .
Scientists also lanched researched to find some ways to replace cars , or at least replace gasoil .

But we cannot deny that the general economic developpment encouraged by liberalism and globalization allows more and more people to own their cars .
In this generalized consumer society , people can easily be lent some money to buy more and more consumer goods , such as cars .
the globalization launched as well an increase in communications all over the world .
Commercial exchanges , and new communication medias such as phones or the Internet seem to be in their golden age .
Humans are developping a new way of living based on flexibility and mobility in which cars are absolutely necessary .

A major Americam research center published a theory about what the world would become in the next decades .
It states that human are unaware of their wasting petroleum , and that they will be unable to prevent the lack of it .
The study predicts the fall of globalization : people will have to save on transport to spare some gasoil , and local marked will dramatically increase .
All economic activities will return to their geographic origin and teare will no longer be delocalisations .

Up to my opinion , I donnot share such a radical point of vue but I agree that people should save on petroleum .
I predict that more and more exchange will use medias .
People will not have to move to meet others or even to work .
People will use the Internet to work at home , organizing meetings with their colleagues .

I think that , besides the decrease in the use of cars in the next two decades , there will be an expand of individuality and a loss of Humanity .
I agree with the statement , although I believe there are arguments for and against this statement .
First , if a student learns only facts , then it can be especially difficult for them to apply their knowledge to a practical situation .
For example , a pharmacist who knows everything about chemical formulas might find difficulty trying to suggest to a customer what medicine to take , because they lack the understanding of ideas and concepts necessary .
A student who understands the ideas and concepts can learn the facts necessary for their job through experience and trial and error .
Whereas , a student who knows only facts will find it much more difficult to learn ideas and concepts through practical situations .

However , students must obviously know facts , otherwise their understanding of ideas and concepts ca n't be used .
Using the earlier example , a pharmacist who has no knowledge of facts but a complete understanding of ideas and concepts will not be able prescribe a correct medicine to a customer , because without knowing chemical and medical facts , they would not be able to even guess what medicine to advise .

Another example of why understanding ideas is more important than facts can be seen in the way languages were taught years ago .
Many teachers forced their students to learn only verb tables ; for example , my grandmother can repeat verbs in French , but has no idea what they mean or how to use them .
If she understood the ideas and concepts , such as grammar and sentence structure , she might be able to create sentences in French .
However , without this understanding , her factual knowledge is useless .
Therefore , we can see that understanding concepts is more important than learning just facts .

In summary , learning just facts is pointless if the student does not also learn the ideas and concepts behind these facts .
However , obviously , this does not mean that a student can learn only concepts and ideas ; they require a balance of facts and understanding in order to apply and use what they learn .
regard of it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic sujects than to specialize in one specific subject , or vice versa , people have diverse opinions .
if i had my way , i would fully side with the notion that the specialization in one specific subject will be the most important , because of the survival in competition .

what is beyond a shadow of doubt is that we live in a world where the knowledge is accumulated by multiplying and at the same time the more specialized it is , the highly it is regarded .
on the other hand , competition is a way of life in today 's world , most notably the capitalists which encourage the competition , however , competition as always contribute both benefits and detriments , and has been brought the notices of us , not only because its tremendous benefits , but also widespread plagues .
for instance , individuals and companies alike , for the sake of survivial in the competition , have to try their best to improve themselves , and the competitive edge comes frome the quality that shows more variation .
that is specalization .

so , what we could deduce from general principles is that the competition , which is continually mounting and shows no signs at the present of ceasing to rise , cause the necessity and importance of specialization in a certain area .

however , if there is a view that people should obtain miscellenanious knowledge of many academic sujects , because by this , they could knew our colorful world , which i take leave to suspect , then it is the romantic and naive people who create it , not those who never fail to be with considerations of reality , in so far as it is universal acknowledged that studying many subjects would wast our time , on the other hand , we should maximaze our time to study something that will help us live in the competition .
and that is get a wealth of knowledge with specialization .

to explain my meaning perfectly , let me give you a concrete example .
due to the tempo of technology , which has never been such rapid as it is today , a new generation of school start-ups have been spawned .
Bill Gates , on behalf of this new , gives USA a jump on its rivals in software , however , if we assumed that Mr Gates would take the medical classes in the university , as well as the liberal arts , or even botany , just because he has large-range of interests , all the americans would be shrudded at the thought , because USA would fail to protect its competitive position in software , build and enhance its broadly based branches , and gain all the advantages of wider scale markets .
just because this awful imagination .

all things considered , if we deem the specialization as a trivial thing , and it will be better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we will be without any considerations of competition , as i mentioned and explained above , will lead a worse situation that is losing our competitive edge and chance for survivial in the competition .
Understanding Ideas Versus Learning Facts

Last week I attended a class in history , and the teacher began talking about the arab history and speaking what had happened during these ages reaching the twenteenth century .
Then I had a Physics class and the teacher was explaining the lesson .
But this time the teacher was trying to make us understand the concept and how things work .
The next day I remembered all what we took in Physics but non in history .
And that is why teachers nowadays tend to teach their students by making them understand the concept .

Teaches believe due to previous experience , that the knowlege get stuck in the student 's head by trying to make him understand the idea and not just telling him some facts .
It is better this way since the student will be able to understand the idea first then apply this concept from what he understood .
But if he just learned the fact without understanding it he wo n't be able to apply what he studied , and thus it wo n't get stuck in his memory .

In addition to that if the student understood the topic he might enjoy it and try to expess his idea and ever participate and that is what motivate him to know that concept and never forget it .
Where as if you just told him to study certain fact he would n't be interested and might not focus on the subject , and thus he might not memorise it and then he will forget it .
Since with repetiton and understanding the student will know the concept without even studying since the moment he understood the idea it got stuck in his memory .
And that is what happened to me .

So it is much better for student to understand the idea and the concept rather than learning facts which might look kind of booring to the student .
And these days students tend not to study and memorise but they rather understant , which will enable them to study it much easier .
In order to answer this question thouroughly , we first need to define what we mean under the words `` understanding '' and `` learning '' .
A student has understood an idea once he is able to explain it with his or her own words , to provide examples and to link the idea to other ideas .
He should also be able to compare it or to constrast it with other ideas .
Learning , on the other hand , refers to factual knowledge that can be acquired by means of memory .

Given the definitions above , one can easily imagine that understanding concepts requires more skills than just knwing facts by heart .
Sutdents will need to think further , to analyze and to link oncepts together when they understand them .
For example , in order to understand the literary movemement called `` naturalism '' , students will need to distinguish it from realism and to have an idea of what is determinism .
Learing facts about naturalism would not allow students to really grasp the main point about it .
They would be able to name naturalist writers such as Stephen Crane or Jack London , eventually to provide a definition learnt by heart , but not to place the movement in its literary context .

Another important advantage of understanding is that it creates a structure in the mind that can be reapplied in many different domains .
Once a students understands how a mechanical feature of the car , he will be able to understand the mechanical feature of many other cars , even if they differ .
It is basically the same principle .
Learning , on the other hand , always needs to be done again and again because it is specific to one thing .

I agree that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
However , a good student who does not have any factual knowledge is not a student .
A student of Swiss history has to know that Switzerland was founded in 1291 .
Usually , a thourough , complete understanding cannot be separated from learning .
With the enhancement of technology and wright from the discovery of wheel , cars or vehicles have become an important part of our daily lives .
Today we do not use cars as another equipment or gaget , but we have become dependent on them for various necessities of our lives .
we need to have a car to go for shopping , to drop children to schools , to go to the workplace , to socialize , etc ..
and with the increasing population it is obvious that in twenty years there would not be any reduction of the number of cars , rather they will tend to inrease .

Although , there being serious threat from the oil & natural das resources , the usage of this machine will not decrease .
Every day a new fuel efficeint concept is discovered by mechanist all around the world and sciencetists all around the world are finding new ways to replace petroeum in the automobiles .
and with the increasing usage of solar energy in devices , the day is not far that cars would run on solar energy .
And then the number of cars on the road will be insreasing dramatically .

Nowadays the governments of each and every country are expanding the roadspace ratio in a city or a town primarily due to enhance the traffic movements in and around a city .
New cities r being established with broader and smoother roads .
These prewailling conditions will allure even those people , who were scared of driving or who hated the road conditions , to have their own personel cars , which will directly shoot up the sales of cars , which are now available in more beautiful and attractive shapes , sizes and functions .

These along with many other factors , which are beyond the scope of this essay , willdefinitely serve to the increasing usages of cars in not only the next twenty years .
but for all the years to come , untill another cheap and easy to use transportation machine is discovered .
I neither completely agree nor disagree with the statement that that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
It might be dependent on various factors .
Advancements in research work related to automoblie technology and development of an alternative synthetic fuel could have a bearing on this , apart from others .

There is a wide spread concern over the environmental problems caused due to the automobiles .
That 's why it has been said that nothing can make the world come to a common platform than environmental problems as they are global in nature .
So , much of the present research is on developing pollution-free vehicles and also on developing a synthetic fuel .
Certain phenomenon like adsorption of liquified Hydrogen gas on a suitable adsorbent can become a solution for this .
This usually means the fuel , the adsorbent and other equipments need to be carried along with the vehicle which usually require some additional space .
Due to obvious reasons that much space cannot be be devoted to fuel in two-wheelers but can be done in cars .
So assuming that research work bears fruit in another ten years or so we can say that it triggers an increase in the number of cars and decrease in the number of two-wheelers .

But if the research mentioned in the above paragraph is not fruitful , it might actually trigger a change in the opposite direction i.e , a decrease in the number of cars .
There are already problems related to traffic in many places and there is no denying of the fact that each year many new vehicles hit the road .
The roads cannot be expanded for ever to tackle this increase in the number of vehicles .
People might then be forced to resort to two-wheelers as they require less amount of space .

Also some others factors may play a prominent role like increase in the average incomes of the people .
This means that they would go for cars because of luxury and other reasons .
Improvement in particular technologies related to car and other vehicles which determine their prices might also play an important role .
So only time will tell what actually happens .
In the modern era , where it is an era of Technology and Science , the upcoming young generation is faced with enormous challenge .
They have to preserve their cultural , social roots and at the same time keep abreast with the latest technological developments to have a decent standing in the society .
I personally feel , in between these challenges the young people nowadays do not have enough time for helping their communities .

The first thing that comes to my mind , as a part of young generation is to get a good education , good job and be stable economically .
In the modern compititive world , it has become so tough to keep up with this challenge that almost all of the time is eaten up concentrating on this single goal .
A youngster in modern era , is most consumed with this challenge that he forgets his commitments to the community to where he belongs .
If I consider my own example , I find myself guilty of the same thing , I am so much engrossed in my studies and thinking about future that I am not able to denote much time to the community .
I personally want to devote time to help the community where I was born and brought up , and give something back to the society , but at the moment I think of that I find myself constrained by my socio-economic condition and the inability to do so .

One of the major factors which I have noticed in the upcoming younger generation , is the loss of values and feeling of belonging to the community where they live in .
They consider it just any other thing in their life , and are mainly concerned with their enjoyment and their life .
As the facts in a lot of newspapers in India suggest , that a majority of upper class youngsters , who are not constrained economically and financially , prefer going to night clubs and parties to community helping , or tyring to help anyone in general .
I do n't have to go much farther to find examples of such cases , if I look around my college , and students with not much financial constraints would at any time prefer to go to a club or a movie to enjoy rather then to help anyone .

Even in today 's modern world , I do find some young people willing to take up the challange and improve the society which they are a part of .
A very good example of this would be YFE ( Youth for Equality ) organization formed by university stuents , in Delhi , India , to fight against the reservations in the educational system on the basis of caste , which was imposed by Govt .
of India .
Seeing their example , I am sure that some of the youths contribute to the society and country .
The only concern is that such number of organizations and people are very less compared to the total number of youths in the country .

If we look at the personal life of an average life on an youngster today , in most of the cases we will find that they are not very emotionally stable themselves .
They are very much confused about what to do and what not to .
In the modern generation , in most of the cases with both the parents working , the kids who form the young generation do not get to know their value system .
In absense of guidance of their parents , they usually do not understand their responsibilities towards the society , country and moreover to humanity in general .

I would conclude that , in general young people do not give enough time to help their communities , but the reasons for this are varying and are different for every young member of the modern society .
For some people it might be the socio-economic constraints , for others it might be due to the loss of values .
I firmly beleive if given the right direction and guidance , the young generation would realize that what they are missing on and definitely give more time to help their community , society , country and humanity .
I think it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than learn facts .
there are several reasons why I think that way .

the first reason is that in our current classrooms we mostly emphazised lecture and forced to memorize certain facts rather than to understand them .
when we ask students if they learn something their response will be yes however , they can not apply their kowledge to a new situation .
they can not transfer their lnowedge , when they faced with a different problem they can not use their knowedge , the reason is that they just memorized those isolated facts .
they can only use in the same format they can not make connections .
different situations are challanging for them and if the format have chnaged everthing seems different to them .
eventhogh they have lots of information they can not use them .
highly educated people become illiturate .

the second reason why I think we should emphasize to understanding is that you can learn something but does it means that you understand it .
for example you you can teach a kid how to tie but can you not teach them to understand something .
The only think that you can do is that generate an environment where they can learn and understand something .
in an environment like that they can experience the richnes of useing their knowledge and earn satisfaction with competing a task the last reason I want to mention is that the direction of education is emphazising understanding rather learning facts .
of course we should also use facts but not as we use now .
what we did right now is giving tons of information .
we see students as computer or store place and store all the information in their brains .
most of the students dislike physics algebra and core science classes because they do not understand it .
if we want scientifically literate citizens , who can judege the situation and can make plausible chose we need chnage our education system and have students understand ideas and concepts .
otherwise we might have students with full of informations who can not use them .
I do not think that is waht we want from them .
In our modern societies , we more frequently come across zoung people laughing and entertaining than older people .
Does it really convey the idea that young people enjoy life more than people do ?
I believe that with maturity comes experience and a tremendous knowledge which helps individuals navigate their life more easily and have more time for fun and entertainment .
We will see how the periods of life , the personality of each of us and our aims drive our enjoyment of life .

It is a matter of fact that different periods of life offer different opportunities for enjoyment .
A younger person will believe he has his whole life in front of him .
Naturally he will feel less concerned about his future and long-term objectives .
Usually younger persons have a better health and feel invicible like if they would never die .
Taking all these concerns away is probalbly the reason why people who just came of age give the impression of enjoying very much their life .
Going through studies , youngers are for the first time facing their first fundamental questions : what do they want to do in their life ?
Older people have already gone through these fundamental questions and have their life accomplished , giving them more opportunities to relax and enjoy life .

Of course , given the fact that each of us is unique , we indeed have different personalities .
Personally I am an anxious person who always think about my future and the next steps in my life .
For this reason I sometime have the impression to enjoy less my life when I should like many other have a more cursory attitude towards life .
Older people when they reach the third age are concerned about how people will remember them and what they have accomplished in their life .

Although we all experience stress and difficulties at different period of our life , it is important to see the positive aspects of life and benefit from the experience we build throuhout our life .
Therefore I believe there is no specific age for enjoying more life .
What is important is to keep an open and positive attitude whatever difficulty we go through .
In our days , we can find many product to buy .
Some of those products are very usefull , or make life easier ( like tools , clothes , and so on ) , but other products are not so important .
Besides , now there are many companies that are making the same product , so they need to compete in how they can win the preference of the people .
That 's why advertisements needs to show the qualities of a product , to make feel the buyer that one specific product is the best one that he or she can find .
But most of the time , they show the product much better that it is .

One example of these is a cleaner product .
A company creates a new detergent that , with the power of special `` air-beads '' , can make your clothe to seen whiter .
They are going to charge you more money because of these new air-bead , but the true is that the old detergent that is been in the market for so long is doing the same thing , only that they not invented the fancy name of `` air beads '' .
So , the power of advertisement can make you buy this new product , because you think is better , but in the end is doing the same think that your old detergent did .

Another example coud be a sports drink .
In a tv commercial they show that the person who drinks it fells so much better , with more energy ; now , he can run faster without felling tired .
But these new drink is only rehydrateting the body , and is not giving you more energy .

The life today is very different than the life that our grandparenths had .
The materialism is everywhere and that means that now you can buy many different prducts .
So the companies have to show that their products are the best , and the way to do it is with advertisements .
Maybe the difference between a X-sport drink and the Y one is not so important , But a colorful or melodic commercial can makes the difference in the moment the buyer decides wich product to buy .
I agree with the statement that `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts '' for several reasons .
The reasons include the skills to do it practically , innovative ideas they get , able to answer the twisted question properly on the tests , participate in group discussions and if possible clear the doubts of the peers Studying some thing and learning should not be just for the sake of taking tests and getting grades , it should be for knowing the essence of subjects .
Students should be able to practically implement what they read rather than just cramming and giving the exam .
Only understanding the ideas and concepts help student to do the practicals not just learning .
If student does not know how to practically use a computer what is the use of studying computers ?

By understanding the concepts clearly student can think some innovative ideas to do the project .
If the entire essence is know he/she can get innovative ideas and implement them and student can find lots of carrer paths in the area .
There is lot of difference between a student who writes just a program and who writes effective program taking in to consideration execution time , memory space etc. , The student ca n't expect all the questions from the textbook for their examination .
If a student just learns the facts he/she ca n't answer any question given .
They can just answer questions from the textbook .
But the student who understands the facts can answer any type of question .

Modern day education system gives lots of importance to class discussions and group studies .
Few of the schools even give some percentage of marks for them .
For the effective participation in class discussions student not only needs good preparation but also good understanding of the things .
Then only he can play a better role in the discussion .

It is better to study in groups rather than studying individually .
In group studies students will have more scope to understand things and discuss with their peers .
Students will get the confidence on some subject when they can clear the doubts of their co-students which is possible only if they have better understanding and knowledge of the subject .

So definetely the way student understand things has a great impact on student 's knowledge , practical knowledge and there by carrer in their future .
I believe that a student should take care of both understanding concepts and lerning facts .
Particuarly I am firmly convinced that a good education should provide enough information to be learned and enough concepts to be understood .

Depending on the class or the study sector , one of these aspects can be prevalent but I 'm sure they should be both present .
In an engineering faculty indeed a student should probably give more importance to concept understanding , while in a medicine faculty information , facts are more important .
Non the less I believe that concepts require a lot of information to be understood and aslo facts can be learned after having understood some concepts .

I can give an examples based on my personal experience .
I am a civil engineer , and of course I learned a lot of information during mu univeristy career .
These information , studied in math , physics and geometry classes , were essential for understanding how a bridge or a building react to loads or earthquakes .

Viceversa a medical doctor can make a good diagnosis , and understand what actually causes a certain deseas only if he/she did learn the related sympthoms in books .

Some students give probably more importance to understand ideas because they find understanding easier and quicker than learning .
Studying can be in fact boring when it requires too much time , but i think this is not a good approach for reaching a good culture and especially for having an effective background education .

As student and worker I am convinced that what we understand and learn in school or univerisuty i s the key factor of our future success in life .
Particularly I do n't see any chance of success for all the people that learn everything without understanding also something , because they would not be able to adapt their knowledge to the reality of their job .
Viceversa , and in conclusion , I do n't think that a person can do a good job if she/he has not a sufficient background of information learned in school or unveristy .
Well i do agree with the point that the younger generation today are not giving enough time to help their communities .
There could be various reasons stated for this .
Today 's generation is considered to be extremely fast .
They are more focussed on thier studies , careers and most importantly on building a good future .
they are more intersted in other activities which keep them more interested as such things like helping thier community could be considered rather boring by them .
They often sometimes feel that this is not thier kind of work .

Well as an example i would like to state that once there was a community meeting anong all the members of our community .
As it was observed that only a few young people had attended it .
Also once there was a community function where many people were invited including the young .
But they preferred to go for a movie rather then attend the function .

Many reasons include that even though many of them seem to be very interested they have no time due to prior commitments .
Thus even though they are many members associated they hardly pay any attention .

Many of jobs done or required to be done to help a comunity include helping gatering people and keep them united , helping each other financially or when in times of need , arranging various educational programmes for members of the community who cannot afford it and help in developing various other cultural and traditional aspects belonging to a certain community which actually picturize the roots of the community .
Thus all these aspects not only require the support of the older population but must include the younger generation too since these young minds are considered to be tomorrow 's future in pure terms thus forming an example fr he future generations to come by influencing them by inculcating values like unity and culture and tradition of the community by leading to the better progress of the community Thus i feel that today younger people must be encourged to spend atleast sometime with their community from their busy lives which is not only important for the moment but also for a better tomorrow and for a good and bright future of the community as well as the world thus making the world a better place to live in .
In newspapers we oftenly read that today 's youth would be the so-called ` fun generation ' who is ignoring the problems and needs of their community .
In my opinion , that 's a generalisation which does n't fit with reality .

Young people can and are engaged in a wide range of fields .
In Germany , there is for example the ` Volunteer Social Year ' that young people can choose to do after they finished high-school and before they start higher education .
In this framework , young men and women are caring for a period of twelve months either for elder or disabled people or are engaged in cultural or political organisations .
Further , it has become relatively frequent that German high-school absolvents go to another country or continent to do some social work .

In 2005 I attended a World Youth Congress in Scotland that gathered active young people from all around the world who are involved in developing projects within their communities .
There were lots of examples of young people who are doing fantastic work ..
A young Indian girl who creates a library for girls or a Sierra Leonean who conducts workshops for a reintegration of former child soldiers to civil life are just two of them .

I think that today 's young generation is combining the principle of fun and care for their community because they discover that it gives pleasure to help .
They have the educational background and the necessary awareness to be able to recognize how their own behaviour affects the development of their community - at least they should have it .
But in the case that this consciousnes is not yet existing , there are other young people lobbzing for it .
An example are the Karlsruhe Student Days One World where high-school students get familiar with topics around globalisation , environmental protection and human rights by attending workshops which are conducted by members of active youth groups .
Do you think that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today ?
Some people believe in this dream .
However , I do not agree that that many people might give up on using cars in twenty years .

I have got several reasons to think so .
First of all , the statistics done up to now show us that there has been a rapid increase in the amount of cars in use all around the world .
Moreover , it seems that it is more likely to keep increasing .
There are three major explanations for this rapid increasem : `` The decrease in the cost of making cars , the population growth and the overal recovery in people 's financial situatuion around the world . ''
These and related factors have been enabled more and more cars to be produced .

Secondly , we can easily see that transportation heavily depends on cars in most of the countries around the world .
For example , in the U.S there are states and cities , like Dallas , where there is no presence of a good public transportation .
You almost have to have a car in order to go somewhere .
Moreover , statistics show that more than 60 % percent of the world transportation rely on cars .

Thirdly , people have been considering cars as a need rather than a luxury .
Especilly men start to dream of a car starting from their childhood .
Most people would not want to give up on their cars or their dreams to have a car .
Maybe in the future , in metropolitan cities like New York and Istanbul , some people might stop using their cars or can be forced to do so because of the terrible trafic problem .

In conlusion , it strikes me that in twenty years there will be not fewer but more cars in use than there are today because of such reasons I have mentioned above .
I agree withe the statement , I believe that young people do enjoy life more than older people do .
I think that innocent , ignorant and worry free young individuals do enjoy life more that experienced , learned and concerned adults do .

Once we are born we have no worries , in fact new born babies do not know anything about their environment , they are totaly innocent exposed individuals at the mercy of well , adults , who care for them .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
It is a natural thing , babies eat and cry whenever they 're hungy and adults provide nurishment and care for them .

Ignorance is bliss some poeple say , and you know what , I actually think they are right .
Once you are ignorant , meaning do n't know of something you do n't worry about it , for example .
If I have never heard about cancer or diabetes I will probably not wory about it , as in the old ages where they believed it was some illness caused by spirits or demonds , but once I know about I can cut of the sugar in the case of a diabetic or have chemo or radiation for cancer and worry about it .
Adults know about responsabilities , about money , about safety and all the possible outcomes of a certain situation .
Kids do n't , it is actually a kids job to have fun , and it is an adults job to marvel at that miracle of joy that bursts from every childs new discovery .

Some poeple might say that older people enjoy life more because they know that there will be few moments that you can actually enjoy , but , how is it possible to enjoy more than a young child who has no idea of hardship or sorrow ?

Life is a wonderful thing as the song `` I 've got the world on a string '' says , but it also says `` As long as I hold on to the string '' .
As adults , we can never predict when that string will leave our finger .
While young people , babies , kids in general dont even know that it is they , who actually hold the whole world , and our destiny in their tiny little hands .
I disagree with the argument that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years down the line than there are today .
I can attribute a number of reasons to support my agreement of argument .

The most important reason I consider is the recent technological advances to use non-conventional enery sources instead of conventional fuels like gasoline and diesel .
Although I agree that there is decrease in quantity of oil pools one can find out whcih are used to produce petroleum which in turn is used to extract gasoline and diesel , the main fuels that run cars today .
Further , scarcity of petroleum has lead to an exponential increase in the growth of petroleum product prices which directly affet the consumption of the product .
We can see in the current times , petrol prices are rising at brisk rate and the trend will follow in the future also because of the limited availablity of petroleum resources .
However , there are steps taken by companies , independent researcher to look for the non-conventional resources of enery like hydrogen , electricity as future fuels of cars but the experiments have not been successful commercially .
I am sure that twenty years time is considerarably good amount of time that the non-conventional sources of energy will completely replace the exisiting conventional fuels .

I assume that non-conventional fuels will replace the existing fuel technology in the future because they are easy to use , pollution-free .
Automobile manufacturing companies like GM , Toyota etc. are looking forward to welcome these new non-conventional fuels and their research and development groups are persistently working on prototypes which are small boxes that can easily be replaced in existing cars .
Existence of this box will imply that we can just have this new box fitted and use different fuel and there is no need to change the car .

That 's why I think number of cars twenty years down the line will not be fewer because of the existence of non-conventional resources of enery and the adaptation that the vehicle manufacturing companies are doing to their products .
Enjoy Life at Every Age

All people in a society can not be happy with the conditions or lifestyles that they are living in .
This may be based on the socio-economic conditions or spiritual reasons .
There is common belief in public that , young people are enjoying their life rather that the older peole .
This is totally incorrect , since these kind of generations can not be applied to every society .
The level of enjoying life is determined by the level fulfillment of wishes , not with the level of age .

To start with , we should look at the age groups and their lifestyles in the society .
For instance countries like Germany has a high rate of old people .
In contrast , countries like Turkey has a high level of young peole .
But , it can not be said that that wish fulfllment of young people in Turkey is greater than Germany .
The social and economic conditions may bring joy for the older people in an industrialized country .
It is not surprising that older people from those countries are travelling around the world and having fun .
It is obvious that , they are having the greatest time in their life , since they do not have any reason to worry about .
They living peacefully and with lack of stress .
In other words , they are enjoying life more than younger people .

To go one stage further , working young people should be considered .
In deveolping countries and even in industrial countries people are forced to work at early ages .
This is because of the financial requirements .
They have to prove themselve in the society and start earning money .
Otherwise , they can not stand in the against the hard rules ofthe capitalist economies .
Ailtougt there are cases that young people are enjoying their life by going to clubs , bars , or spend most of their time on entertainment but somehow they have to start working and face with the truths of the wild world .
In addition to this , most ofthe young people , who has been seen like having fun infact performing aroleplay .
The latent tru inside is toatally different .

To sum up , when all the things above are taken into consideration , the generalization in a society that expresses the level of satisfaction .
It is obvious that people are enjoying life at any age that is most suitable for them .
As student I am directly concerned with the subject of this question : Ideas and concepts are they more important to learn than facts ?
I think it is interesting to see both point of view and to try to understand why it could be more important for students to understand ideas and concepts and then why facts could be more important to learn .

The first reason in favor of ideas and concepts is that when you understand an idea , a concept you are able later to find the way to the solution even the problem is not exactly the same .
For example in biology you would be able to find the good way to find the solution even if the problem deals with frogs and you have studied rabbit .

Then the understanding of concepts and ideas help you to build your own opinion because there is necesarly a reflexion , a discussion during the class .
That means that it helps build yourself as an adult .

The last point is that if you learn the facts without understanding the ideas there are behind them , you will build your judgement on a small part of the problem and you wo n't be abble to understand the globality of the issue .
For exemple if you learn about the problem of Israel and Palestina without knowing nothing about their religion you wo n't be able to have a general view of the problem .

Now facts also are important to learn .
First of all learning facts help students to understand our world .
For exemple if you do not know the important dates of the evolution of your country it will be hard to understand your country today .

Then , facts are very important in a discussion .
Indeed in order to convince somebody you ca n't present only ideas and concepts but also fight .
They will proove , explain , give more weight to your idea .

As far as I am concerned , I really believe that it is really important for students to learn both ideas and concepts , and facts .
Learning both of them it is the only way to avoid ignorance and to build real adults .
People may quickly get wrong when they say that specialzing in one specific subject is better than to have knowledge of many subjects .
To some extent being specialized would be beneficial to the person .
However it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Becouse with the development in science and technology it is revealed that every field is somewhat connectted to other ones , and it is now the time for the most qualifed canditate to find a position to pursue a good career .

Fistly , each day we hear something new about science and technology and most of the time we are suprised to see how differennt fields are linked together .
To illustrate , medical science began to cooperate with computer science and they are using these technologies to learn more about human and trying to find treatment technologies for various health related issues .
A medical doctor should also have at leat a minor degree or broad knowledge in computer science for example .

Secondly , dramaticly growing population brings a problem to the front .
More competition is now waiting for us .
Therefore we should equip ourselves with whatever we could find .
There could be also majoring in different areas .
Consequently , we become more attractive to the employers since we achive more with less effort and we could have a much broader view of perspektif when looking into problems .
For example an engineer with a double major in economics or business administration could do a job almost two people can do and also can be able to think thoroghly with engineering aspects and with the say economical aspects of the problem .
A whole understading to the problems could be achibev by acquiring more and more knowledge about different things .

To sum up , in the search of exellence and success one has to consider equiping himself with more and more knowledge and therefore experience to overcome the competition .
Becouse we now know that every field is linked to each other and we sould have something in our mind when considering problem solution .
I agree with the statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
Regardless of the field that a student is enrolled in , the main purpose behind the academic experience is for students to learn .
Learning comes through understanding logically the laws and concepts associated with any topic .
The difference between an idea and a fact is that ideas have to be explained , illustrated and understood .
Facts on the other hand have to be accepted because regardless of a person 's opinion , a fact is a real solid statement .
However , helping the student understand ideas and laws will make the acceptance and endoulgment of facts a much easier process .
For example , when learning about human existance , it is a common well acknowledged fact that death is the end of any human .
To help accept this fact , students learn from spirtual , religious and philisophical teachings the different explinations of creation , the reason behind life , the purpose of existance and the concept of after life .
Once a student truly understands these ideas and concepts and develops an explenation that meets his vision in life , it becomes much easier for him to accept the different facts related to human existance .
Nonetheless , stating that the understanding ideas is more important than learning facts in not to take away from the importance of learning different facts .
It is simply an arrangement of priorities .

A developed understanding of ideas and concepts will help in accepting facts , and once those facts are accepted individuals start to develope opinions related to those facts .
That is why it is highly important to learn different facts since it increases the student 's level of knowledge and awarness about the studied topic and helps in shaping his individuality be developing his personal opinions .
Do young people nowadays do n't spent enough time in helping their communities ?
I strongly agree with the speaker in few points .
First of all , the youth nowadays simply do not have to help their communities because of they lack the interest of their communities .
Because of the arise of the individualism they now focus on their own self-interest and happiness .
We now see alot of young people just enjoying their lifes or prparing for their future carreers .
They do n't have time to look after their communities or those who are sick and poor .
Many of them just simply enjoy going to parties and get drunk and give their time in making girl-or-boy friends .

Second , the young nowadays do n't have time to help and participate in helping their communities even though they are interested in helping others .
They are unfortuantley caught up in their school 's study or assignment in order to survive in our over competivive society .
They get up early in the morning for school and they might attend after school activity or academic insitutions that will help their courses .
Many young student work in a part-time job to finance their tuition and board .

Lastly , even though some students do spend some time in helping their communities , it is not a long term participation but becoming more of an one time event without enthusiasim or passion .
Because of the economic growth and increased the notion of quaility of life , they do n't feel the real need to help others who are disadvataged .
They were hardly never in a situation when they hungry without food and with no place to sleep .
This might be a reason for them to actually not to have some sympathy towards helping others which might make them less active .

In sum , because of the reasons stated above I strongly think that the youth nowadays lack time , interest and effort in a long-term activity in helping their communuities .
Successful people I believe do n't stick to one thing , they try to explore new things since `` variety is the spice of life '' .
If a person keeps on doing one thing all the time it becomes boring .

There are some people who are never happy even though they may have a good lifestyle .
Some people thrive on the rush they get from working , the excitement .
My father is one such man .
Then there are some people who kust wanna earn more money because they are not happy with there current lifestyle , they want more , a better and more expensive lifestyle , these people are never content , they always aspire for more .
One such person was a character in the book by ` John Ghrisam ' ` The king of torts'

My father is an successful man he has an amazing real estate buissness which alows us to live very comfortibly but my dad was not satisfied he wanted to something new , something challenging , something he has never done before .
Therfore my father decided to start a new buissness concerning exporting .
In the beggining we had loosses but still my dad would not give up eventualy the buissness picked up and it became quite profitable .
But my father now wanted to open a new buissness , and the cycle continues .

In the book we see a simple man who has nothing but get 's a excellent deal and makes millions .
He gets to live a lifestyle he never dreamt of .
A lifestyle with mansions and fast cars .
But he was not content he wanted more .
He was becoming greedy his friends pulled out of the bussiness early so they already had made there money .
In the end he lost everyting he lost his house , his job .
He took a risk and paid for it in a big way .

Sometimes successrul people takes risks because of the thrill like my father others take risk because they are greedy like the character from ` The King Of Torts ' .
I agree we should take risks even though we are successful because a pridictable life style is never good .
Sometimes we are lucky like my father and sometimes unlucky like the character .
I totally agree with this statement .
Doing just the things that all people do is not really creative and will never differ a specific person from the others .
But being successful means being different and taking risks otherwise everybody would be successful .

We all know the phrase : ` No Risk , No Fun ' .
That can be used for many parts in life .
For example in the stock market .
There are so many investment bankers .
Who are the real successfull ones ?
The guys who took the highest risks !

Another example is given in the movie business .
How many of this famous hollywood stars have ever finished or even started university ?
Most of them did not !
They took the risk of being a star or a nobody .
Same to all this well-known hip-hop stars like Snoop Dog or R. Kelly .

But it is not just the risk that people have to take to become successfull .
They also have to try new things .
The have to be innovative .

Bobby Dekeyser is innovative .
Bobby Dekeyser is succesfull .
Being a former soccer player he decided to open his own business .
His idea was to create high-quality chairs .
The problem was that he could not find anybody who would invest in his idea and the much worser thing was he did not know anything about chairs .

But after ten years of hard fights for his idea and his dream he is now one of the most famous chair producers and his company called DEDON produces for stars like Brad Bitt or Nicolas Cage .

To recap the mentioned points it is important to understand through the given examples that to be successfull means not only to take high risks or doing something different than the others .
It means also fighting for odreams and not giving up in difficult times .
All those things together make people really successfull .
I think I would agree with the statement that it 's better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Having vast knowledge in several kind of subjects allows you to have an opinion on such or such topic whereas if you specialize in only one area of study , you cannot form a rich opinion on any other area of study but your own .

If you take the French academic system versus the American one .
It clearly shows this difference .
In France , when you enter university you have to choose a section , for example If I want to major in English , I wo n't be able to add psychology as a minor .
So you have to specialize yourself quite early .
Although this system tends to change , little by little , now with the ECTS system , which basically premits French students to go and study through Europe with the transfer of their credits and vice versa ..

Whereas in the United States , each class is assigned to a specific number of credits , during your first two years of college you are able to choose within the large catalog of classes as long as you get a enough credits to validate your academic year .
This means that you can take an anthropology as well as an algebra class .
Thanks to this system , it enables you to get to know various subjects and to be able , later on , to choose in what realm of study you want to pursue your studies .
In my opinion , this system is part of the reason why so many international students want to come and study in America .
They want to see what each subject has to offer before specializing in one in particular .
In todays world of information overload the specialist are much more neccesary than the generalist in order to further take steps in our technological development .
Fisrt off all although it neccesary to see the wide picture when faced with the problems the solution to the problem relies on specific knowledge of the problem .
For instance an academician with wide range of knowledge in engineering may easily realize the problem in assembeling a robot where knowledge from several fields engineering is needed much more quicker than a specifically trained engineer who can point out the problems associated with his special knowledge .
With his wide range of knowledge he can say that the electrical circuitrary is not working correctly .
But in order the fix the problem he has to need help from an electrical engineering .

Secondly a in todays world information is very extensive for one to collect and digest .
People have to specilaze on one subject .
The development of technology forces us to specialize in onet .
In the early days of humanity it is logical to expect an academician to know everything about the all science fields .
But nowadays things are getting much more complicated that one can handle .
We have diverse society to many fields and wait them to communicate each other .

Last but least you can see many people having diverse knowledge about all issues but not specified in one of those .
Those people are not valued by the humanity and no one can remember them in future .
For instance a primary school teacher have to have broad knowledge of all science fields .
He is just the first step of the development .
Although he is essential for the maintainance of the development he can not add new bricks to the scientific literature .
As you progress in your academic studies you can also realize that academiciens getting more and more specialized .
Those academicians are at the top of the development that struggle for the research .
Those will be remembered because of their support to the science .

All in all specialist are much more needed in our society where it is impossible for one to digest all information .
Specialist are the people who we are bound to in technological development .
I cannot deny the importance of the generalists but they just constitute the basic of the building .
If we want to build new floors we have to promote specialists .
I have a father who works very hard .
He is a manager of a group of Japanese people at a company called Hitachi .
Sometimes my father works so hard that he works at his company until the next morning .
I feel bad for him sometimes .
One day , I asked him about how he managed to do all the hard work .
In Japanese , he said that he enjoys the work that he does and he said that the work that he does is very hard work , but he feels rewarded when he finishes the work because he gets a bonus when he does an extra hard work .

I work very hard too .
I go to a very demanding American School with high standards .
I work hard to keep up my grades in my AP Environmental Science , AP Calculus and AP Statistics classes .
During the time off when I have free time , I work on my homework .
During the weekend , I work on my homework .
I am under a lot of stress and pressure .
I turned my college applications in last week .
I am worried that I might not get accepted into the colleges that I intend to get in .
FYI , the colleges that I applied to last week was in America .
My parents also gave me an option to apply to Japanese universities but I cannot apply to them until I get the result from the American universities because the year starts different for American and Japanese Universities .
To be honest , I do not know which country to go to .
In addition , I have a choice of rejecting the University in America and instead apply to a University in Japan or I can go to a University in America .
Either way , I do not know which country to choose between Japan and America .
The Universities in America that I applied to will give me the results of whether I am a good candidate or not in April .
Moreover I have three months until I can decide whether I will go to America or not , but I have not a clue about which country to choose because I love both countries .
( I can not stay in England because of financial problems )
Considering that young people are people younger than a college student like me and older people are people who are older than a high school senior , I think older people enjoy life more than young people .
Young people are under enormous pressure because of the issue with the University and the future after that .
On the other hand , older people do not have to endure with that pressure because they have already gone over that obstacle .
Advertisemnets are generally used to market different kinds of products to consumers .
I would agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

This is because each and every company tries to advertise their product as superior when compared to that of the competitor .
In trying to do this the companies will make their product seem much better than they really are to increase the sales of their product .
Advertisements are meant to be informative but there are some companies which advertise their products with little or no information .
I think that the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because they are made attractive by using different colors .
Also advertisements use women to create a sex appeal .
In most of the cases the advertisement does n't reveal all the inofrmation about the product as they last for few minutes .
So only with the information the people obtain from the few minutes they decide to try the product and will get dissapointed when they do n't like it .
In case of Pharmaceutical advertising FDA did not regulate the advertising of over the counter medication so at that time people checked the advertisements on telivision and they started using the medication by themselves without the advice from the physician .
This harmed many people so FDA statred regulating Pharmaceutical advertising and asked Pharmaceutical companies to disclose the side effects , use , contraindications and adverse effects of the drug .

For instance after seeing an advertisement of a new stereo system I felt I would find all the features required by me in that product .
But after I bought I realised that it was not as good as I expected it to be .
I really had problems for long time and I could not find some features listed in the advertisement .

In conclusion i would like to suggest the advertising production to make an advertisement more realistic , relevant and informative .
In my opinion it is right that not all but a lot of advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It often happens that you see a product for example in a television ad or in a newspaper and that you are disappointed when you have finally bought it .
Sometimes the advertisement promises more than the product can fulfil .

Some years ago , in Germany for example there have been a lot of advertisement campains for cigarette-brands like `` Marlboro '' .
The advertisement agencies tried to create an image of coolness and an easy lifestyle by using cowboys smoking cigarettes as presentors of this image .

But everybody knows that smoking tobacco does n't help to get an easier lifestyle .
It causes diseases like cancer .
Therefore there are governmental restrictions that secure the customer from being betrayed by companies .
As a consequence television spots of the cigarette industry are forbidden in Europe .
It depends on the industry how much exaggeration of the quality of a product is possible .
In the car industry for example where a lot of competition exists it is almost impossible to lie about a product .
Selling cars has a lot to do with trust to the people who sell the cars .
When a customer feels betrayed he wo n't return to buy another car .

The fact to try to make sure that a product seems better than it really is is just natural .
You ca n't criticize advertisement agencies when they try to create a very positive image of the products of their customers because that 's just what they are supposed to do .
But sometimes it happens that some people just do n't understand the message of a advertising campaign because sometimes they are too creative and the advertising agencies are misunderstood by the customers .

But in my opinion this `` creative '' advertisement should only be allowed to the point when it does n't mean betraying or liing to a customer .
The author is arguing that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I agree with the author point of view .
The number of advertisements has increased .
While watching a TV show , a person will have an interupting advertisement period in the TV .
In addition , most newspapers have specified a number of pages for products advertisements .
This huge number of advertisement has affected our thinking about different products .

Companies spends millions of dollars to create convincing advertisements .
This spending is considered part of the marketing stratigies .
It is well believed that the more advertisement there is for a product , the more it is sold .
The millions of dollars that are spent on advertisement is considered only a small amount of money in big companies such as Pizza Hut .

However , these companies do not care if they have to lie in presenting accurate information about their products .
Because of the colored and well designed advertisements , consumer will be confused about the real quality of the product .

Because of advertisements , some products have become more expensive regardless of their quality .
For example , Toshiba labtop is a well known brand .
Through out the years , Toshiba has proved that they have good quality laptops .
Overtime , toshiba laptops has become expensive .
Moreover , people around the world have got an idea stick in their mind that toshiba laptops are the best .
However , being a computer specialist , I have noticed that toshiba computers quality has declined .
Few weeks ago Toshiba company had to withdraw laptop batteries from the market for a specific toshiba laptop .
Poeple who are not interested in reading Information Technology news will not know about the battery withdrawal .
They will remain in believing that Toshiba laptop is always the best .

About nine months ago , I was convinced because of an advertisment that Assets air conditionars are of good quality .
The company that is advertisement for this brand is well known in my country Oman .
After buying two Assets air conditioners , I found out that these conditionars are not as was advertised for .
I could n't stand having them for one months .
I had to purchase new air conditionars .

People spend a lot of money because of the misleading advertisements .
They do not bother searching more about the product before buying it .
It is maybe not worth it to search the internet before buying a can of beans , but it worths a lot to search before buying an expensive products such as a car .
Who is the smartest ?
An average student who goes to school 8 hours every day , or a student who goes to school just 3 or 4 hours a day and then has to go work to complete his degree ?

Basically , school is made to teach us ideas and concepts to be able to react to situations in our future life .
But what is the most important ?
To know a lot of concepts or to know how to apply them in a concrete situation ?
Both of them have an equal importance in life , it depends on the way people think and act ; furthemore , they complete each others .

First of all , we can say that everybody functiuns in a different way .
Indeed , some people prefer to learn ideas instead of people who prefer to learn and understand by using facts .
A very good example is the way we act with a using notice .
Some of us will rather read all the manuel and then start to look at the computer for example ; however , some of us will throw the notice away and will directly look at the computers to rty understand how it works ; they will try to make it functiuns by themselves .
They will maybe press a button they feel is useful and then follow their intuition to make it works .
If it does n't work , those people will try something else untill the computer is on .

In a second part , we can say that school should be more opened to taught students more fact than they do actually .
Indeed , if some students have troubles with school , it 's maybe because the system is not well-adapted for them .
Perhaps , they will fell more comfortable if the teachers were using more facts and more concret examples than whan they just teach their class with ideas and concepts which can sometimes seem unreal .
For example , when a business instructor is talking about a specific startegy , it seems unbelievable that he does n't give any specific axamples to his students to make them see how this strategy can work in a real job environment .
Moreover , everybody agrees to say that to apply or a job , a person with experience will have more chances to have this job than a person with no experience .
But experience is principally made of facts .

To conclude , we can say that if a student wants to have a good position in his profesional life , he should have references on his resume that show that he already had an experience , but he also should have a good scholar transcript that shows that he received a good formation for the job he wants to have .
It is a common opinion to think that young people enjoy life more than older people do because they have the strength and the health .
Maybe this popular statement was true until fifty years ago but great shift occured and things have changed .
So , why can we argue that older people enjoy life as much as - or more than - young people ?

To answer to this horny issue , we will need in a first part to talk about the shift that occured in the way of life of the different generations and we will then discuss if young people enjoy life more than older people do .

In the fifties , we could say that young people had a better life than their ancestors .
Indeed , the older people often retired when they were quite old - often 65 years old - .
So they were very tired and did not enjoy the life .
Actually people died younger and they were often not very rich .
All the money was used to raise the numerous children of the family .
So , the older people spent their times complaining and suffering diseases .
But thngs have changed since the nineties .
Thanks to the technological and medical breakthrough , people can expect to live until they are 80 .
Difficult and dangerous works have mainly disappeared so people can retire with a very good health and many years to live .
Besides , thanks to the reduction of the sizes of the families , the older people have a lot of money to spend .

So , nowadays , the older people enjoy more life than young people in my opinion because they are strong and rich .
So they can do whatever they want and they profit !
They travel a lot , cares for their sons ' children - but with pleasure - , experience new technological activities , attend cultural events and even go back to school to accurate their knowledge .
However , it has become more and more dificult to be young .
Indeed , the lengths of degrees at the university have sharply increased and so did the price for the leases of an appartment .

In a nutshell I would say that the older people can afford to enjoy life more than young people because they have still a good health and live better thanks to the improvements realized in the field of medecine .
But money is not everything and the young people have a very strong advantage : they have still many good times to experience , they do not have to look backward .
Although it is important to have thorough knowledge of a specific subject , it is essential to have a general wisdom of diverse academic themes .
The World is becoming more competitive every day and we are demanded to have a greater range of abilities .
Examples such as globalization and socialization are important to illustrate this point .

Thanks to technology , The World is becoming unified .
The relationship between countries 's economies is increasing exponentially .
Because of this we find now that many companies are working globally and have established headquarters in several parts of the worlds .
For this reason , we are now forced to learn at least two or three languages in order to successfully relate with consumers from other places .
If a person is good at selling a certain product , his skills would be useless if he could not communicate properly with a buyer that did not speak his language .
This example shows the importance of having at least some knowledge concerning other academic subjects , in this case languages .

Not only in our work life is it important to have general knowledge but also in our private : when we go to a party or a reunion , we like to socialize with a lot of people .
Because of this , all sorts of topics of conversation are discussed .
The conversation can be about any academic area as long as it is in the interest of the speakers .
If a person wants to join a conversation about biology , for example , he has to know something about the subject , otherwise he will be forced to listen and will be reluctant to participate .
If we have a general knowledge about several themes , then we speak our minds without any doubt and therefore , we will enjoy the party more .

It is clear that by being familiar with diverse subjects or themes , we will make our life much easier .
Not only is it important when it comes to work , but general knowledge can be applied to something as common as a reunion .
A person that is cultured always creates a good impression no matter what is the ocassion .
People in general tend to do either one of these : enjoy or not enjoy life .
It doesnt matter if the person is young or old , enjoying life is a matter of personal decision .
Comparing who enjoys life more , old people or young people , is a matter of opinion , because they ca n't be comparable .
Comparing a young life with an old one is like comparing green grapes and purple greapes , eventhough they are from the same species , their taste is totally different .
Young people enjoy activities that old people do n't enjoy anymore and viceversa , a young person wont enjoy some activties as much as an old person will , eventhough they are both human .

Old people tend to enjoy life in different ways .
Some of the activities that are common for old people to do and enjoy include reading , listening to music , eating , sharing time with the family , learing , watching T.V etc .
There are some activities that old people are not able to accomplish anymore , but they enjoy to watch it .
The man next door , Carlos , used to play soccer .
Now he is too old to play soccer but still he enjoys watching it , and believe it or not , he screams to the TV and cries if his team loses .
Carlos , as many other old men , enjoy more watching the soccer than playing it because his physical habilities are now limited by his age .
Many young people belive that old people cant enjoy their lives because they cant do certain activities that they do and enjoy .
This is an erroeus thought .
Old people enjoy their life just as young people enjoy thiers .
That someone young likes more to play soccer than to watch it doesnt mean that watching soccer should be boring .
Old people , like my grandfather , love to tell stories and bring back memories of things he did when he was young .
He likes to go through his life and tell us , the grandchildren , about it .
Eventhough he cant do those activities or trips anymore , he still enjoys to share them .

Young people enjoy their life just as old people enjoy thiers , but again , differently .
Someone around 17 years old might enjoy going to parties , dancing , playing sports and hanging out with friends .
While someone about 70 years old wouldnt enjoy that at all .
Martha , a friend of mine , used to enjoy going to parties , hang ingout and dancing .
Today she is 65 years old , and she doesnt enjoy that anymore because she gets tired and she usually believes that the music volume is too high .
She now enjoys cooking , talking and reading .

A young person can not judge who enjoys life more because they havent lived that old to comment on that .
They dont know the perspective of an old person because they havent been there yet .
Meanwhile , old people are more likley to know by their personal experiences wheather they enjoyed life more as a young person or as an old one and it is all matter of opinion .

Enjoying life is a matter of decision .
One might decide to live a happy life while others might decide not to .
It doesnt matter if one is young or old , enjoying life is a matter of personal decision .
Old people and young people , both can enjoy life to the same level only that by doing certain things that one , either the old or the young , might think that is not something he or she would enjoy .
So who enjoys life more , the old or the young people , is up to them , to us .
It is up to every individual on how they decide to live their life .
I agree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . ''
.

First , a broader knowledge of many academic subjects enables an individual to be diverse : being involved in different projects , conversations , and work groups .
By concentrating on one single subject specifically , a person might always be involved with the same people , performing the same tasks , and thinking in a similar way .
By having knowledge , as broad as it might be , of different subjects , an individual is rescued from monotony and involved in interesting and dynamic conversations and group work .

Let us say that a student is specializing in biology .
If he only works on this specific academic subject he might grow tired of having the same conversations and working on the same types of projects .
If , on the other hand , he included some subjects on engineering and arts , for example , he would get involved in different conversations , making his life more interesting and helping him grow , maybe even in the area of his preference , biology .

Second , knowledge of many different subjects enables one to know , identify , and appreciate the connection and relationship between different subjects .
This is especially important in problem solving .
For example , a specialist in manufacturing processes might normally deal with problems related to equipment , tolerances , and procedures .
Faced with a problem not related to what he would normally deal with , this person might feel overwhelmed and not know how to deal with the problem .
However , if this individual decided to acquire a general knowledge about logistics , administration , and human resources he might know , at least , what direction to take in order to solve the problem .

Knowing an array of different academic subjects in a broad level compared to specializing on a specific subject , ensures diversity , scope expansion and more developed problem solving skills .
The most promesing way to sell a product is by advertising it to people .
To sell their products , companies often claim false information about them .
I totally aggre that most of the products advertised seem much better than what they really are .

The objective of advertising products is to attract people into buying them .
Some companies often attract people by selling false information about their products .
For example when I am watching television , I see many advertisments of reducing fat pills .
The add claims that these pills will reduce your body weight in just two weeks .
Obviously this is not true , and I have hear of many people who have bought these pills , that it could seriously affect the heart .
Thereby , the producers of this pills attract many customers and only care about making money regardless of what may happen to people .

Marketing companies rely on certain techniques that attract people in order to sell products .
Among the techniques used , surveys are conducted to explore people 's needs .
Thereafter , the advertisments contain information that hooks customers .
The problem is that many customers are ignorant and have not learn to differ the real product with the product that they see on adds .
As a result , companies can take advantage of this and make their products seem better and suitable for people .
For example , salesmen find rural towns a perfect place to sell products .
Why is this ?
The people living in those town are ignorant and can be easely tricked into buying the products .

In conclusion , I aggre that many advertisments make their produts look better than they really are .
The reason to do so , is to attract people and make more money than what they would make if they told the truth about their products .
Unfortunately , marketing companies can easely sell their products to ignorant people who believe them .
I think young people definately enjoy life more than old people do or ever did .
In the olden days , there was a lot of responsibility on the shoulders of the younger generation .
However , the more laid-back lifestyle of the 21st century allows youngsters to have more than their share of fun .
Nevertheless , there are always limits as too much of a good thing is also bad .
With all the responsibility on the older generation , the younger generation does not even feel the need to be role models for their siblings .
Children , with all their innocence find joy in the most mundane places .
A tiny chocolate makes a child smile ear to ear whereas an adult striking a million dollar deal is overcome by greed instead of being proud and happy .
Children can enjoy the little aspects of life which go unnoticed by the older generation .

I would like to illustrate an example from my own experiences .
When my family visited Thailand in june 2004 , we were all very enthusiastic as the entire family would be meeting up after five years .
We all had a blast jet sking , parachute sailing etc .
It was only later that we realised that our parents did not get this opportunity as they did not have enough money at that time .
In our merriment we had forgotten about them and they , not wanting to disappoint us did not say a word .
This is a very trifle example but for the first time I realised how much elders do to make our life more enjoyable than theirs .

As we grow more mature , our definition of fun keeps changing .
Initially fun was synonomous to PS 2's and partying but as we grow older we mellow down .
We realise that fun and responsibility are a package deal called life .
When you are dependent on someone , its like your insured and you have no cause for worry .
When you get past being a teenager and people start depending on you , you are their insurance and therefore have responsibility .
This is not necessarily a bad thing as it instills in you a sense of independence and pride .
A little fun is always necessary for anyone - young or old to lead a happy , healthy life .
In my opinion , the given statement is right on the one hand , but it is not able to be used to every specific subject on the other .

Classes of different subjects have always been different and will always require different strategies to handle the material which is taught in them .
For those subjects who tend to be in the technical and scientific area , understanding the main way of working is far more important than any detail .

In general , understanding the facts of how something , e.g. a motor of an entire power plant works is more important than learning and knowing any single detail without really knowing what purpose they are for .

In my opinion , especially scientific subjects like chemistry or biology and technical subjects like engineering will get along wonderfully with that statement .
For those kinds of students , it has to be important to understand the function of techniques they are confronted with while attending their classes , omitting minor details ( which are often omitted by professors and teacher themselves ) .

After university , being confronted with your job , there is no use for those who learned by heart any single detail of a machine they are confronted with now , but not knowing the way this particular machine works in general .
In addition to that , minor details are also often described right on the machine , but their general way of working is not and should have been understood earlier .

Moreover , I think ideas and concepts are were and still are the basement for development and research .
With monotonously learning and repeating facts , it is far more difficult to understand and without knowing about the core concept , there is no possibility for progress and new development , e.g. in the medicine and biochemistry .

But nevertheless , understanding the concepts is not always the one way to success .
Being very helpful in technical subjects , I still think that you should not use this method in subjects like History .
In these specific classes , detailed facts of our past are equal in importance as understanding the concept , e.g. the concept of communism invented by Lenin .

To put it in a nutshell , I am convinced that the given statement , which is to concentrate on an idea than to the facts , can be very useful for everything concerning development and technique , but it should not be used to those classes that deal with the past .
In these particular subjects , you should spend half the time for the ideas and the other half for the facts .
When you study , there are mainly two ways of studying ; understanding ideas and concepts , and learnimg facts .
In this essay , I would like to respond to the statement ; it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
But before I start judjing the statement , I would like to raise advantages and disadvantages of two ways of learning .

Firstly , I would like to raise advantages of studying ideas and concepts .
The first advantage is that if you understant an idea or a concept , you can solve more difficult and complex problems using your understanding .
It means you can use your knowledge in variety of situations and it is definitely a good thing .
The second advantage is that it is interesting to learn an idea or a concept .
Most people feel satisfaction or feel happy when they understand new things .
An idea or a concept is sometimes difficult to understantd but it is more enjoyable to study than just memorising facts .
I fpeople feel happy to study , thei r motivation toward the study goes up .

One advantage of understanding concepts and ideas is that iunderstanding concepts is much more difficult than learning facts .
So people could stop trying to understand concepts before they succeed to .

Now i want to raise advantages of learning facts .
The first advantage is that it is easy to remenber facts .
You do not have to understandwhat you are memorising about ; everyone can do it .
People could be confident if they succeed to memorise facts ; it stimulates their interests in what they are studying .
The second advantage is that since facts do not depend on one ' s feeling , facts are universal .
There is no communication gap between facts .
Therefore if you learn facts , you can show off your knowledge to people who do not speak your language .

However there are also disadvantages for learning facts .
One disadvantage can be raised and it is that you are not understanding concepts behind the facts .
If you do not understand concepts , you can not use your knowledge in a different situation .

I strongly agree with the statement which says it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ; yet as described in this essay , it is also important to learn facts .
The best way of studying is to combine both ways of studying .
However if a student is only allowed to choose one of the two ways , I strongly recommend to focus on understanding concepts and ideas rather than learning facts .
Having a chance to travel is most definitely one of the things people prefer to do as a way to relax , rest and enjoy intercultural experiences .
Of course this all depends on the nature of the trip , so this essay will restrict itself to `` pleasure traveling '' exclusively .
In my opinion traveling in a group led by a tour guide is a good or bad option depending on the real purpose of the trip as well as on the traveler 's preferences and personality .

If the traveler or travelers are seeking an intercultural experience and do not resent being told were and when to go , then a group led by a tour guide is most definetely a good option .
A guide will show them to all the right places and not only that , but he or she will provide pertinent information regarding the historical , cultural and/or artistical background of such places .
This may enhance their entire traveling experience .
Another good reason why people may prefer traveling in groups is safety .
Visiting an entirely different country where they might not be able to communicate may scare some people .
Having a guide as an interpreter and mediator might encourage taking the trip .
The cultural shock is therefore decreased .
Some people might also enjoy traveling in groups since they might get a chance to interact with different people and make friends during the trip .
Finally , having a tour guide can help reduce costs ( assuming transportation is provided ) and may also help reduce lost time ( time spent in getting to know the place and moving around ) .

On the other hand , if the place targeted to visit lacks all the cultural background that a tour guide might provide ( for example a beach ) , then maybe a guided trip may not be necessary .
The decision also depends on the person 's personality .
Some people dislike traveling in groups , having to follow strict time schedules , and following rules .
If their trip is planned specifically for leisure and rest , then maybe a hectic touring shedule might not be a good idea .
Some people resent not being able to have their privacy or having to spend money on a guide when the `` can get around places by themselves '' .

In conclusion , I believe that `` the best way to travel '' , having or not having a tour guide , depends entirely on the traveler and purpose of the trip .
People wishing to travel should evaluate these things carefully before engaging in a trip that may or may not be led by a tour guide .
I believe it is better to to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

If you specialize in only one subject your knowledge would be very confined and hence when you face the world out of the academic set up it would be difficult to adjust .
A specific example can be when you study management .
If in a management program you only expertise in Operations and have no knowledge of Finance you would have tough time when you have to work in Operations as it would involve parts of Finance .

Another example can be if you are studing history and do n't have any knowlegde about science you would face difficulty when you need to use science in history , for example , in radio carbon dating of fossils , and hence a knowlegde of science would be useful in such situations .

If you have broad knowledge of various subjects you become more flexible and can diversify in various different areas , while you choice becomes restricted if you are specializing in one particular subject .

Another aspect would be when you move into a business environment you would be considered a more fungilbe resource and hence you can fit in varous kinds of roles .

Broader knowledge about various subjects also broadens your horizons and helps develop integrative thinking in you .

In general the depth to which a subject is taught in academic institutes during specialisation may not be what you would require in normal business settings and hence this specialization would generally be not of much use in future unless you get into research etc .

Hence , I believe that though specialization may help in specific circumstances broader knowledge of many subjects is more useful in general .
I definately agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I have to admit that I am not the type of person that watches a lot of television and I am also not paying too much attention to advertisements I see on newspapers or magazines .
However , it happened a few times in my life that I trusted in what I saw on TV , but I do not want to mention all the disappointing moments I had , trusting too much what I have seen on the advertisements .

So let us try to imagine what is in the `` company 's mind '' .
Since it is the aim of an advertisement to make it look great and to make it seem like you , the customer , really needs it , the company has to do everything in order to make you believe that the product is great .
The consequence is that marketing plays with pictures , sounds , words , and emotions so that the customer gets appealed to the product .
If this mathes with reality or not does not matter at all .
Even the last `` finish '' on the computer makes the product look a thousend times better than in real life .
What matters is that the product sells - and that 's why it has to look great .

In order to sell the product the company has to make up an image that really makes you think that there is no better product available on the market .
- That 's why we think we have to spend money in detergent that makes clothes whiter than white or in tooth paste that makes teeth cleaner that clean .
Sometimes you sit there and wonder how it can be possible that you are fooled that way .

looking at the facts , it is widely known that companies spent thousands of dollars in market research for the purpose of finding out how the breaking of a cookie has to sound in order to be sold or what color the tomato on the Big-Mc-advertisement has to have so that it looks appealing to the buyer .

Maybe it helps us , as the consument , to view advertisements as a plain product information , just to find out what is there on the market and not rely too much on the opinion , the value , the image it is trying to come across .
Then we do not have to worry whether the product is better or not , but just make up our mind on our own .

It is obvious that reality is not as colorful , tasty , clean , white - whatever you want to take as an example - as the advertisents make you think in the first place .
However , if you as the customer keep that in mind you do not get too disappointed and still can enjoy your Big-Mc .
The question is very tricky as people across all walks of life and across all age groups like to enjoy and it is rather tough to quantify and compare their levels of enjoyment .
Besides there could be people who could derive a tremnendous sense of enjoyment by the most trivial of acts such as the sight of smiling infant .
While there could be some who are never happy with the state of affairs in their lives despite having the best comforts in the world .

In comparing youngsters and adults on the mentioned statement , I personally feel that as youngsters we try to live life to the fullest .
Though we realise the importance of making a career for ourselves we also make it a point to have a ball as and when time permits .
Older people generally tend to be more spiritually inclined and prefer to spend their time doing community work that brings them a sense of satisifaction more than the thrill of enjoyment .
Besides there might also be the feeling that they are beyong the ` age ' to enjoy life in a way as extravagent as we youngters can .

Also the fact that compounds this belief is that as today 's youngsters we have more modes and sources of entertainment and enjoyment at our disposal than did the elders when they were in their prime .
Take for example Computers and Televsion , two of the commonest modes of entertainment today that were not even invented when our grandads and grand nannies were our age .
This sheer availability of resources to us affects our ability to enjoy more .

Then again it is more a matter of personal choice or opinion as every person has his own definition of enjoymnent .
As per the way I percieve it I believe that yongsters today enjoy life on a larger scale that older people do .
In answer to the given question , I will first focus on the perspective of a prospective university student who is trying to decide on a field of study .
Should he rather follow his multifold interests or concentrate on one specific subject ?
In recent years , many new , multi-disciplinary majors have been created at German universities , such as `` Philosophy & Economics '' or `` Cultural Studies '' , which incorporates studies in ecnomics , politics , law , language and regional culture .
For a student faced with such a choice , I would always recommend to opt for one specific subject .
I believe that multi-disciplinary studies can only convey a superficial knowledge of the various fields they cover .
Within the spectrum of his studies that usually last three years ( for a Bachelor 's degree ) , the student will study so many different issues that he/she is never given enough room to fully penetrate any of them .
Especially for students who have not yet decided on a specific career , studying various academic subjects all at once will confuse them rather than focus their thoughts .
In contrast to this , a student who decides on one traditional field of study such as law or economics will at least have solid training in that specific field , which equips him/her for a pre-specified career .
The student can then either follow this career or make a conscious decision to choose another path , rather than just being confused by a variety of rudimentary knowledge and not having learned to prioritize .

To make my point clear , I believe that it is crucial to have a fundamental training in one specific academic subject .
However , this does not imply that your academic thinking should be restricted to that field only .
If the purpose of academic work is to find solutions to real-world problems , then it is absolutely necessary to incorporate different viewpoints into your reasoning because one discipline alone will never cover all aspects of an issue .
In this sense , I would say that it is important to be apt in one specific subject in order to make profound statements , but other academic subjects should never be entirely neglected .
I do not agree with this statement .
This essay will explore my reasoning why I do not support the statement that understanding ideas and concepts are more important than it is for them to learn facts .

First , I believe that learning is a step by step process .
Understanding ideas and concepts , and learning facts are both form the crucial steps of this process .
If one step is missing learning can not be completed .
For example preparing a meal requires some necessary steps .
If the cook has all the ingreditens and the cooking pan but nevertheless he does not have an oven there will be no meal .
I believe that it is the same in learning as well .
If someone understand all the key points and concepts but does not learn the facts the learning can not be completed .

Second , this statement does not explain clearly which kind of subjects are the main aspects of the discussion .
As some meals do not require cooking such as a salad , in some subject areas learning the facts is not necessary as understanding the ideas and concepts .
For instance especially in social sciences understanding the issues matter most than learning the facts since students are required to form their own facts through analyzing the ideas .
However in scientific subjects such as chemistry or biology understanding the ideas will not be enough and learning the facts is crucial .
For example a chemistry student can understand that the idea of exploding elements but he needs to know the results what happens if those elements come together .

As being a fourth year Business Administration student I do not remember a time when just understanding ideas were enough for me to learn a subject as a whole without knowing the facts .
I believe that ideas and facts go hand in hand in the process of learning .

In conclusion this statement misses out the importance of the different learning requirements of different subject areas and discourages students from trying to learn the facts .
No matter what is the level of importance of the facts on the subject area , as I mentioned before the learning process is a step by step process .
Thus , without the step of learning facts it will not be completed as it is supposed to .
Many people do not even eat salad without chicken or beef in it , so even salad sometimes require cooking .
Therefore I believe many students may need to know the facts of a subject whey they understand the ideas of it as well .
Since Henry Ford has given his famous staement of `` You can get whatever color you want as long as it is black '' the car industry has always been one of the most important achievements of today 's society .
With the building of new highways and better roads that even penetrate to the most deserted places in countries the need and urge in people to obtain a car that is suitable for them is growing .
Nonetheless the financial sectors and car industry are encouraging people to be a player in this car consumption madness with new innovations towards the comfort of people and giving credits and financial support to people who wont be able to afford to purchase a car without the help of a deliberate amount of financial credit .
However will this tide of cars will stop in some day .

It is obvious that with each day passing a new innovation is served to us in the car industry .
That is the key point for the car manufacturers to stir the human desire element inside us as it is for sure that every single one of us mostly burn with the desire to buy bigger and more luxurious cars as long as we can afford it .
Even sometimes we get loans in order to achieve our desire on this .
In combination with this families have started to purchase cars for each of the family member and you can easily witness the fact that in most of the families there are more than one car .
This in fact is a very good explanation of how the competion and rivalry in the car industry develops everyday .
If someone looks from this perspective it can easily be concluded that in the future we , even for basic humanity needs , will be using our cars .
Supporting this discussion in todays environment the weakness of public transformation is also an important encouraging factor for people to buy cars .
People feel more secure and comfortable to tarvel with their own car rather that changing several public transportation vehicles and reach their destination far later that they would desire .
Also having a luxurious and comfortable car is a sign of reputation and wealth in todays world which may help people in their social and business life .

Despite these pros however there are also several points that may be cunted as cons of the increase of cars in the society .
One of them is that although there are several Research and development activities revolving on the issue of fuel consumption , the primary fuel for now is oil which is a really scarce resource in te world and which each day needs more expenses and effort to be harvested .
Whether we like it or not if new innovations such as the ones right now , being electricity and hydrogen , caanot get common we then unwillingly will be saying goodbye to our precious cars , Another important point id the ratio of building more roads to the sales of cars as new cars need new structure to travel on .
Thus the governments try to give high importance to establish more highways and roads for the new cars but usually the supply is far lower than the demand .
This in return create huge traffic problems .
As I stated above people do not want to give up their comfort using the public transportation means whic in return build a mess of chaos in the traffic .
Everday it is loading huge stress on people to wait for hours being stuck in the point and move less than 10 meters in an hour .
Lastly pollution created by the cars is an important problem as most of the environmental pollution is backed by the exhaust fumes of the cars .
However these problems lack the necessary motivation for people to give up their cars and switch to someting else .

In conclusion I would say that considering the pros and cons above I would have to disagree with the statement that in twenty years time we will have less cars .
Although the cons are important points to be taken care of still cars are one of the precious things that the people perceive as their primary part of their life .
It is unknown whether by the rapid development in technology will replace something else with our precious cars but in this sequence we are having now I would say that there will be more cars in twenty years time than we have now .
My personal experience leads me to state that knowing the facts is more important than understanding ideas and concepts , mainly because I think one should try to be as indepenent as possible in life , this including the way one 's own ideas are formed after being explained from a third party in order to be understood .

I think what I am looking for is probably an impossible concept : objective information , or any facts one would like to make research on that are not pre-processed or in any way filtered .

Facts , although affacted by who they are represented and reported by , are far more objective than ideas and concepts that may be communicated by other people , simply because if one is given the idea or concept already , he or she will not be given the right to a more personal judgment .

I think this topic particularly affects me , since I have progressively become aware of how much more knowledge of facts I need in order to understand the present matters of the society I live in .
This includes the understanding of politics in my country in the first place and internationally in the second place , obviously followed by History .
Recently I finally manged to find some time out of my schedule for reading more about the histoy of the last century in Italy , while the next step will be the People 's History , a book on the American History , probably followed by some reasearch on another main topic of our recent times : wars on terror and their political as well as historical backgrounds .

I am convinced that only facts can make me have the whole picture and that only a vast eagle view on them , as a multiple-sourced investigation can offer , will eventually lead closer to a better , more solid objective idea , concept or belief to stick with when choosing in life .
In 20 Years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today

With the constant advancement of technology in our world today , many solutions to problems we face today can be solved .
Certain issues that can be seen to have always been discussed and debated over , time after time can probably come to an end .
Through advancements of technology and the convenience that cars seem to have brought to human beings , it came hand in hand with a number of issues that are widely discussed today .
First of all , there is the pollution issue that rises or declines with the usage of cars .
Next , there is the depletion of scarce resources that we use to fuel our cars .
Last but not least , is the cost of purchasing a car and the gas to fuel it .
It is because of these issues , that there is a high chance that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

Pollution contributes to the usage rate of cars within a country .
Take Bangkok , a city that is polluted and notorious for its traffic jams as an example .
People living in Bangkok are probably immune to the amount of pollution that they breathe and interact with everyday .
Tourists however , are a different story in terms of the pollution rate in Thailand .
Some complain of bad skin , some claim of constant coughs , some complain on blurred vision with the amount of smoke on the streets .
When the pollution rate of a city is so high , there will be a reduction in the amount of cars that are used .
The government will most probably bring out policies that control the amount of cars through means of indirect tax on cars and the amount of roads that they allow to pass through at a given time period .
In this case , it would just be convenient for people to travel through modes of public transportation .
When there are tax on cars , lesser people will purchase cars , and for convenience purposes , more will use public transportation .
Thereby , reducing the amount of cars that are being bought and driven on a daily basis .

Following that would be the depletion of scarce resources of gas .
The escalating oil prices have made headlines more than once in any form of mass media worldwide .
The Thai government had subsidized the oil price from rising in Thailand for quite a while , and this allow the Thais to continue their transportation as they wish .
However , after the Thai government ceased to subsidize the oil price , did public modes of transportation like the subway become overcrowded .
With the gradual depletion of scarce resources like that of oil that fuels the car in which we drive in , the costs for the scarce resource will rise .
When a price of a good rises , this will discourage the consumers from purchasing such a product .
It can be seen that oil fuels cars , so without fuel for cars , there will be adequate reason to purchase or use more cars .
In this case , the amount of cars that are used today and in twenty years time will most likely have decreased substantially .

Last but not least is the better alternatives that our technology is coming up with .
On a day-to-day basis , there are advancements of technology seen everywhere .
Even after the rising gas costs , countries turned to alternatives of gas .
In a few years of course , it can most probably be assumed that gas will run out so another alternative will have to be thought of .
Now with the convenience of public transportation in the sense that it is more efficient , less time consuming and cheaper in terms of gas and maintainence price of the car .
Most people will be turning to public modes of transportation as opposed to private modes of transportation in travelling in cars .
More and more people are becoming educated , and this has increased in the awareness of the environment .
People will then try to reduce the amount of pollution by using less of products that produce pollution by finding other alternatives like that of using public modes of transportation .
In this case , because cars produce a significant amount of pollution to our world , the amount of car purchases will have decreased quite a deal .
Hence , it can probably be seen and assumed that within 20 years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

With escalating oil costs and pollution , gradual depletion of scarce resources , better technology that can come up with alternatives and enivornmental friendly people , the amount of cars that will be purchased in the next few years will be gradually declining .
Therefore , it can be assumed that in 20 years time , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I strongly disagree with this statement as the need for personal transportation will be even more in next twenty years than what it today is .
Rise in the living standards of the people and faster life style would be the possible reasons behind this prediction .
people are becoming more and more independent and solitary in their life style so the need for personal cars is going to be more .

There are certain things wich may resist increase of the number of cars in future and one of those is the fuel problem .
The major fuel for cars these days is petrol or other chemicals derived from petroleum .
The amount of fuel we have under oceans etc is expected to last for another 100 years .
so there will be enough fuel for the cars in next twenty years .
but even then other types of fuels such as C.N.G and hydrogen etc are also used by car manufacturers now a days so it would not let the extinction of cars happen .

cars are definetely going to increase in number on roads in next twenty years becase they have been made safer now a days than they were before .
with all this technical advancement and safety experimentation carried out at a war front level new models of cars coming out of the factories in future are going to be very very safe for the drivers .

last but not the least , with all the above reasons , the reason which might be the biggest and the most powerful reason behind increase in car 's population on the roads will be affordability , the mass production and competition in the market is working towards cutting down the prices of the cars so down that the day is not far when even a common man would be able to buy a car of his choie .

The freedom of mobility , safety and affordability would increase the number of cars on the roads in next twenty years .
Nowadays , our society is based on communication .
Not only , information , but also advertisement .
In a newspaper , on television , food industry , banks , music , ... , all companies explain us why we should buy their own product and not the one of their opponent by using advertisement .
This brings me to a topical issue , the accuracy of advertisement .
Some products often seem better than they really are .

On the one hand , advertisement is mostly inaccurate .
It shows you prepared meals that you just have to warm up and eat , that should be better than home made meals .
It demonstrates that the new technology of mobile phones allows you to make a call and take a photograph ...
of course your old phone is not good any more !
The number of examples is unlimited .
It helps me to come the point that advertisers show us what they want .
There might be a disadvantage of a new technology , but they do not mention it .
The prepared meal shown in the TV spot might be a home made one before being frozen .
As you do n't have the whole information , you are not really in a position to take a position .
But it seems to the great majority of people that products are not as good in the real life .

On the other hand , there are lots of controls done before the broadcasting of an advertisement .
For instance , products that contain zero percent of fat are really fatless .
But this does not mean that the product has a good taste .
It just indicates that it has less fat than the product of another brand .
The product seems much better on TV than in reality , paradoxically though , the advertisers has n't lied to the consumer .
In other words , the product respects the characteristics announced in the advertisement but is still not as good as it seemed .

To conclude , I have a mixed opinion about this question .
Advertisement often show images of the product .
Those images are mostly manipulated ones and show a better image of what we are going to buy than the reality .
This brings us to believe that products appear better on television .
But sometimes , the product shown is not displayed for its taste , but for some other qualities .
Those qualities cannot be seen on a TV screen .
In that matter , the advertisement is accurate .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
One particular example is what I am currently observing in my community .
I live in a residential area with my family which is close to Shinjuku , a sort of entertaining center of Tokyo .
A month ago , the plan to build a huge studio-type apartment complex next to my place was revealed .
This new apartment is mainly targeting to people without family who work and study in Shinjuku .
As the area is very close to the entertaining area , it is much assumed that many of those who work as hosts and hostesses at bars may live in the apartment .
Then , the big dispute occured and many people living in the community started to organize a movement to oppose to this plan .
They say that this apartment will greatly damage the living condition of the people in the community .
They meet regularly , prepare posters and friers and consult with local politicians and lawyers in order to figure out how to stop the plan .
However , none of the young people living there , including me , have not joined or even helped this community-wide opposition movement .
People who have been actively involved are those who are over 60s .
Given this personal experience , I wonder why young people nowadays are not eager to help their communities .
First , I think young people have less attachment to the communities they live in .
For example , I know I will live at a different place when I have a job somewhere else .
For young people , communities are not permanent , while for older people communities are where they live until they die .
Second , I believe that young people simply do not have enough time to help their communities .
They work long hours and have various commitments to other `` communities '' they belong to , such as work place , schools , virtual space on the internet and friends .
And they know that using their precious time on these `` communities '' can make their lives more exciting and interesting than they do so for their real communities .
To sum up , I agree with the statement and I also think this is not something that we can easily change .
In my opinion , I would agree with the statement that says , `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
But students have to learn both concepts and facts .
Then they have to compare between them and decide .
and sometimes facts change with the daily increase in science feilds like physics .
for example people used to think that earth is like the sphere then it was found that it is not exactly a sphere but has an oval shape .
And facts too that dinasours were just myth till they found the bones of real dinasours .

So when a student understand cocepts and ideas , he can think and used his brain and maybe discover something that can change facts .
But this still does n't mean that they should n't learn facts .
They have to learn facts but concepts and ideas are more important .

Lets say for example the laws of motion they are concepts but they were used in may discoveries after that .
why the first fact was that when you throw an apple in the air it falls back .
Therefore facts are important but concepts and ideas are needed for students and well after that scientists to discover things .

On the other sides facts are very important too .
For example the fact that if you jumped out of the window of the 7th floor , you will die .
If someone does n't know this fact in the end he is going to die just because he wants to know what will happen if he jumped but thats a far example because in our days this would never happen .
other thing is the fact that human ca n't just disappear .
But by studying concepts and ideas and doing tests .
You find that you can trick someone and you cannot be seen if you walk slowly and walk in the dark parts without making noise .

Illusion too is that you use concepts that human mind ca n't explain so you trick people by doing that .
So in the end both concepts and facts are important .
But concepts are more important .
A true learning is one where the students are clear with basic ideas and concept of the problem .
This the way by which they can solve many problems without complexities involved in it .
Though , fact about the perticular topic is important to know and it forms an important element , without which learning is incomplete but understanding the ideas and concept are equally required .

for example , a child wants to learn about how to solve a mathematical problem like addition or substraction .
Then it is very important that he knows the concept of the problem .
It is important for him to identify where he has to add up and where he has to substract .
This will help him out to solve similar kind of problem in future , only becuase the ideas and the concepts are clear to him .

Further , we can learn the facts only by making inferences and drawing conclusions which involves the complete understanding of ideas .
only then it will be possible to reach to a conclusion and eventually to learn about the fact .
For example this is the fact that earth is the only planet where life exists .
The main ideas and reasons behind it are becuase of the favourable atmosphere , presence of oxygen , earths distance from the sun etc.these things helps us to make a conclusion about existence of life on earth .
Which is the fact .

In other words , the concept of a model which was suggested by a scientist with sun at the centre in the planet system , one can give reasons and explain the fact that earth is locatedat a perticular distance .
so , what is more important is , to first have a basic idea about a concept and then learn the fact which is associated to it .
This is the way any problem can be solved with better understanding and improved learning ability .
Understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than just learning facts .
The Ideasare the things that should come first when they learn something , and it will let them to take steps forward .
To make them more interested and be able to solve advanced problems , they cannot avoid to learn the ideas and the concepts .

First , the ideas and concepts help them understand the facts , and it may make students interested in the topic .
Knowing the background or the reasons why the facts occur or occured is very important before they learn the facts .
For example , to learn about the World War two , they should learn not only the year it started , the year it ended , the number of people died , but they should know learn more about the background of the war .
Knowing why it happened , why it was ended like that , etc. may encourage the students more intrested about the war and might think more .

Next , they can advance their knowledges and skills from learning the ideas and concepts .
Those who know the ideas and concepts would be able to answer the problems in many kinds of situations , whereas those who learned only the facts can only answer the problem in the way they learned .
we can see it especially in math exams .
The ideas and concepts would help them to answer advanced problems that they had not solved before but it is possible to answer by using skills they had learned .

To develop the students ' knowledge and skills , the ideas and the concepts have big role .
In the class room , the teacher should take much time to teach them the ideas and the concepts .
Then the students would be more interedted in the topic and , it would be easier for them to understand the facts .
Most people would say that young people enjoy life more that older people do based on the fact that young healthy people have all their lives in front of us and are never eager to experience more and more things .
As far as I am concerned , I do not agree with this statement .
Indeed , whereas young people have to face life difficulties , the elderly have not to deal with stressful life anymore since they are retired .
Moreover , older people have the rest of their time to share love with their family .

First of all , when you are young , you are facing a lot of paramount difficulties and choices such as the employment and nowadays , unemployement , the right person you will marry , how many children you really want , how you will manage to earn enough money to feed your family and buy your house and so on .
Is it still obvious that young people enjoy life more than older one ?
Indeed , older people have overcome these kinds of difficulties and are becoming more peaceful in their mind than in their youth period .
Older people have nurtered a long-time experience , thereby implying they have learned from their mistakes and are accomplised individuals .
For instance , if someone were not completely satisfied with his wife/her husband , he/she has probably divorced and got married to another person and currently living with her/him .
Therefore , in comparison with his previous marriage , the person will obviously say that he is enjoying life more than he did on previous times .
Moreover , their job experience and relating stressful live is behind them .
Older people could be retired with their accumulated money earned during their employement period where they zerre young .
Although they could not afford what they want when they were young , they usually have enough time and money to buy what they really want .

Secondly , young people are usually dedicated to their work , this leading to forget their wife/husband and children .
The main goal is to earn money in order to live happily but the family suffer from this behavior .
Older people are settled in life and have usually earnt enough money to share it with their entire family and spend more time on holidays with them .

For all the above-stated reasons , I contend that older people enjoy life more than younger people do .
I disagree with the fact that in twenty years time there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Infact i believe that their numbers would have gone up ten times .
Cars have become the most basic and primary modes of transport in the world today .
From the time they were introduced until now , their numbers have gone up exponentially and there has been no decline in their sales .
Providing both riding comfort and safety , cars have become the basic necessity for all and for some it has evolved to become a fashion statement and an article of pride .

People now a days , are in the false belief that the use of cars might stop in future because the petroleum reserves are slowly getting exhausted .
But what they fail to realise that petroleum is no longer the only source of power that can drive the vehicle .
After years of research new technoligies have been devloped realising this danger Hybrid cars are already being produced and marketed .
So are electrically driven cars .

However some researchers are working on using hydrogen as a fuel .
Sucess in this will be the biggest break through ever in the field of automobile engineering .
Hydrogen is available is abundance and it also has a very high calorific value .
Thus capable of producing greater power than petrol driven vehicles .
In addition to this the problem of pollution is also solved as , the only exhaust that would come out of a hydrogen driven vehicle would be water .
Twenty years is a lot of time and by then this technology would have not only been tested but would be driving the entire world .

Seeing the latest innovations in this field , cars with better looks and aerodynamics are being manufactured .
In twenty years time concept cars , which have already taken a start , would be in full production .
Our world is full of people who admire beauty , safety , comfort and most of all technology .
Thus making cars not a curse of the past but refined gift for the future .
I agree with this statement .

The reason why I think succesful people are those who try new and take chances has to do with this behaviour being the more suitable for adaptation .
Before I adress how these actions may serve adaptive purposes , we need to accept that life in modern society , in old society and even in most biological systems ( to cut to the chase ) is one of constant change .

In light of the constant changes in everday problems and necesities , the lack of hability to try new things - or to be inovative - will invariably leave us lagged behind , uncapable to cope with even the most basic challenges .
For instance , imagine an alarm company that decides not to change their sales stategies because the long time way of `` doing it well '' was knocking door by door to offer their services directly into the costumers face .
In the era of internet shopping for just about everything , this strategie would have foretold the collapse of the alarm selling times of this company .

To point out on the need to take risks , this company , in the begining of the 70's or 80's would have had to start taking chances training their workers in the use of computers and comunications technology .
It may have seemed incredible back then , that in 20 years a substancial amout of people would be purchasing just about everthing sitting in front of a screen in the comfort of their oun homes .
But , what might haved seemed like takeing a huge risk , had to be done .

Therfore , I belive that being inovative and brave ( taking chances ) with work , family and friends is the key stone of succesful life .
A life that may not only cope with new challenges , but may actually improve the conditions of those around us , and the condition inside ourself .
Traveling is an experience that is extremly related with every individual 's personality , style of life , and interests .
That is why people travel in very different ways and there is always a market for every type of traveler .
For me traveling in a group led by a tour guide is one of the worst and most unconfortable ways of traveling since I am an adventurer and in those kinds of trips it is difficult to get so much flexibility as I like .
Traveling for me is one of the best ways to form our own personality and to have experiences that will shape our life for ever .
When you have a tour gide , the possibilities of achieving those experiences will be drastically limited because you will always be lead by another person 's point of view .

Visiting museums , ruins , antique buildings and all of the rich historical places for me is what makes the difference on a trip but being led by a tour guide on all of them is not the kind of experience I would like .
It is important to have a guide while visiting historical places because you learn things that by yourself you would never have discovered but , the problem is when the guide is the same person in all of them like in most tour guided trips .

When groups travel with one guide they recive the point of view of only one person everywhere they go .
I believe that history is is closely related with facts but those facts are always related with the historian 's point of view , tour guides as every person who knows about history imply their opinion on their explenations and by listening only to one person will limitate us to create our own judgement .

Flexibility is also very important for me when traveling .
I am a kind of person who likes to decide every detail of the trip and by having a tour guide you are not able to do those kinds of desicions .
Also I belive that doing several things with out planing are always fun because the experience will be always different .
This way we meet different people , we live things that we thought we never would and finally I could say that we are able to enjoy things that we thought were not going to happen .

Traveling , meeting new people , living new experiences , has made me the person I am now .
I do not like to be led by someone else .
I think that defending my personal opinion is the most important thing I can do .
Traveling with a tour guide may be the best way for traveling for many people but for me traveling is so personal that it has to be an experience compleatly of your own .
I disagree with the mentioned statement .
A successful person will be having complete knowledge of his specialization .
He is generally percieved to be a master in his field .
This , generally is true .
However there is also another particular trait of a succesful man i.e he will also try to explore new avenues to improve his knowledge and skills .
This is again percieved to be an over the top move or a `` risk '' .
But this is not true , because knowledge is an ocean whose depths are unknown .
A successful person is not satisfied with the knowledge he has got and always try to do one better .

A successful person always believes that if he loses the quest for knowledge he will lose the will to succeed .
Also if a person is satisfied with whatever he has got and achieved it leads to its stagnation and he does not grow as an individual .
Hence it would be inappropriate to term this quest as a `` risk '' .
A successful person always enjoys the pains for trying out new things or venturing into new topics .
It may appear as a risk to teh watcher but for a successful person it is the divine pleasure of learning .
This learning could be of various types ranging for wide range of subjects to learning something which is embibed in the nature .
As long as it is constructive in building his character he is happy .
More over trying new things makes us gain knowledge which is the biggest gain in life and nullifies any other loss that we could experience .
A successful person can start his life fromany adversities he faces utilizing the knowlege he gained by venturing into various diffrent things .
Hence it would be inappropriate to say that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' .
I do not agree with this statement , although I would be glad if it were true .
In my opinion it is too idealistic to assume that the numbers of cars will decrease .
It might be possible if a new technology were discovered and brought into use , or if several societes around the world learned to depend only on public transport .
Unfortunately , twenty years is not enough to come up with a completely new way of personal transport .
There would have to be a phenomenal invention like a little individual airplane for everyone to replace the car .
As I said , I do not regard this as possible .
Concerning the public transport , it would be necessary to reorganize whole cities or even countries in order to make the car a less practical means of transport .

One could argue that because of the concern for the environment that people have they would not buy new cars anymore .
Especially because of the increasing pollution of the air .
However , I think that the numbers of those who are really and honestly concerned about the future of our environment are too few .
There are still those who do not care about pollution and who regard it as more important to be able to possess an individual car .
A lot of people might have ideals of a cleaner and less polluted environment , but as soon as it comes to their personal comfort they are not ready to give away the car .

Another reason why there will not be fewer cars is , that the biggest part of the world 's population consists of people from poor countries or countries that are now growing and increasig their wealth .
It is most probable that in these countries the number of cars will increase immensely .
For example China .
More and more people gain money through commerce , people that before lived in poor conditions .
These people will now be able to buy cars , so that in the end , the number of those who buy cars is by far bigger than of those who decide not to use them .
I am in the agreement with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older eople do .
When young , every individual has the energy , zeal , passion and strength to enjoy the life .
Its the exuberance of youth that always motivates one towars more colorful side of life and thats what lack in the older people .
In the age of teen , every individual has a desire to experience the life to the fullest .
he aims high to achieve his goals .
He studies hard to get into a good university .
After getting enrolled , he plans well and again studies hard with great perseverance to get a good score and finally a degree that will provide him the platform to move further ahead in life .
After he gets a satisfactory job or starts some business , he wants to settle in life with a loving and caring spouse .
Taking responsibilities and standing by them gives him the immense pleasure of being successful .
So he is always in process of making life better .
When he is 30 to 35 , he plans for his kids , their schooling , their upbringing in a better environment .
And as the time passes he becomes weak and old , not strong enough to take care of his family .
Rather he becomes dependent on his children for his small needs .
Surrounded with health troublems , he rarely get anytime for enjoyment .
But not neglecting those special exceptional cases that justifies the quote `` your age is what you feel '' .
A well planned and organised life can definitely expircate the weekness of oldage .
Neglecting the negatives aspects of oldage , if one loks towards the postive facade , its the oldage that makes the life complete .
Older people do enjoy life with their grandkids , friends , betterhalves , livelyness of the gardens in which they stroll and many more .
I agree that twenty from now there will be fewer cars in use .
The problems associated with traveling by car will far outweigh the advantages offered by it .
This , I believe , will definitely make more people abandon cars and use other means of transport .

If we continue to use fuel at the same rate as we do today , we will definitely run out of fuel in twenty years .
Since cars are entirely dependent on the non-renewable resources , there will be no fuel left for cars after twenty years .
The littel amount of fuel that would be left would become so expensive that it would be beyond the reach of many .
This would automatically mean a decrease in number of cars .

Awareness about fuel shortage and resource conservation is rapidly increasing which I am sure would propel more people to opt for public transport systems instead of private vehicles .
Car-pooling will also be considered as an option by many .

The pollution levels are at an all time high due to an enormous increase in the number of vehicles plying on the road .
Such high pollution levels are already making goverments sit up and take appropriate measures to reduce the pollution .
As part of reducing the pollution levels , the number of vehicles that will be allowed to ply on the road may also be restricted .

The traffic snarls that one faces these days are so irritating that people will prefer to either use public means of transport or work from home .
The advent of internet and other technologies has meant that now one can sit at home and perform all the business transactions .
This mode of operation will be preferred over the conventional mode of operating through an office .

Transport through underground railways is cheaper , faster and more convinient .
These features of rail transport will definitely allure more people towards rail transport .
Any technology has various phases to it .
The automobile industry has seen its peak period now and slowly peple will realize the banes of owning cars .
Thers 's the problem of maintenance which takes up lot of time and effort .
Instead of taking the pains to get the car serviced and maintained , one would travel by other means of transport .
The problem of parking will become so acute that people will prefer not to use their own car except for dire emergencies .

Today 's generation is more health concious and wants to stay in shape .
What better way to stay in shape than to walk ?
Walking as an excersise will gain popularity and will be considered by many .

Considering all the issues mentioned above , I truly believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years from now .
I have had always a lot of discussions with my teachers about the statement whether it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I found it always not neccessary to learn so much details about a certain idea or concept while my teachers on the other side often thought it is very important .
Here are some reasons why I think it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .

The first point is that in my opinion it does n't prove that you have understood the whole system when you just have to write down some key words in an exam as you have to do it when you just have to learn facts .
When you have to write down in an essay how a concept or idea works it is a real prove for the student and for the teacher that the student is able to connect things properly .
Therefore learning whole ideas or concepts is more effective for both sides , the teachers and the students .
In addition I think it is more interesting to learn a whole idea and not only facts and statements on this idea because during learning this idea you will as well try to understand how this idea was build up .
By trying to understand this your head is able to learn this more easy because there is a connection from this point on .
To summarize , since it is not this boring to learn an idea than it is to learn facts without any connection , the student will be able to learn faster .

An other reason why I prefer learning ideas is that I can use them in the daily life .
With this knowledge for example I can understand things better .
For instance the earth quakes which occur in California because of the San Andreas fault from time to time .
If I would have just learned that there are earthquakes and not the reasons and the concept why , I would n't have been able to understand the things they explained in the news last week about a little earthqhuake there .
So I think that learning concepts or ideas improves my general knowledge .

All in all I came to the conclusion when discussing this topic with my teachers that the solution lays somewhere in between .
Since there are sometimes students who have understood the concept but ca n't give an example how they can use this concept in life .
This is an experience a teacher a teacher have had .

That 's why you should have to understand the concept and fill this concept in a second step with facts .
Do young people enjoy more than older people do ?
To answer this question I must specify the meaning of `` ENJOY '' .
Enjoy is the ability to make the best possible use out of a given situation .
Enjoyment to one person might be different to another .
A person might enjoy a particular thing while the same thing might be annoying to another person .

Young people enjoy in a different mannner than the older people .
To the young enjoyment might mean partying , Listening to Rock , watching a horror movie etc .
But to the old enjoyment might mean something else .
They might enjoy visiting their Grandchildren or might want to visit a park .
There is enjoyment in both the cases .
Nobody can say that since the young person went to the movie he enjoyed more than an old person who visited a park .
It is a general misconception that only young people know how to enjoy .
The intensity of enjoyment varies .
For example , a dangerous roller coster ride may be a pleasurable experience for some youngester but may not please the elderly .

If you ask an elderly person what makes you happy or what gives you the most pleasure or rather what gives him enjoyment he might disagree with the views of the young generation .
This does not mean that what the youngster likes should not be classified as a mode of enjoyment .
It means that the way the older people enjoy is just different the way a youngster enjoys .

Eventually I would like to conclude by saying that I disagree with the topic `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
Many people believe that what they enjoy the most should be applicable to others as well .
But that is not true .
People should understand that the mode of enjoyment for everyone of us is different and we should respect that medium whatever it may be .
I am going to explain why I agree that a variety of academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject .
It is important to know that I am looking at this under specific conditions .
It makes a difference if you are going to work in research where specialisation is mandatory or if you want to work for a company in an other department other than research .
I am now refering to people in the business that would like to climb the ladder in a company .
I am going to refer on one main aspect that highlights the pros of a broad knowledge .

If a persons goal is to have a career and to go up in a companys hirarchy it is better for that person to understand the business as a whole .
He may switch from different departments and will therefore encounter several issues from many departments .
That person will also have to deliver advice and solution for different problems .
Of course he will also need to know where to get missing information on a topic .
If he is a generalist he might not know all details of a solution or might oversee problems but he will be able to get the information he needs from specialist .
As a generalist he should have enough insight to know how to prepare the input of the specialist in a form that can be understood by everyone .
He needs to know how to use the information for his company and how it would impact other departments .
Idealy that person will also be able to connect aspects from several specialist in different ranges and put them togheter in a good way .

As a conclusion I would say , that given specific facts , for example work , that influence this topic , it is better to have a wider range of knowledge than to be specialized .
Wider knowlegde will help carreer driven people to climb the ladder faster since they will be able to understand and handle upcoming issues better than specialists do .
Their general knowledge will make them better leaders since they know the company as a whole and do not only see it with the eyes of one department only .
I agree with the statement that successful people rather try new things and like to take risks than doing what they can already do .
When you already know that you can do something , it 's just normal that you try a new thing .
Everybody wants to try new things .
Small children are the best examples .
When they are able to sit , they want to be able to walk .
They get up and try to do so until they are able to do so .
You 're coming further when you try new things , you get new experiences as well .

There 's another example .
If I 'm able to read a german book easily , it 's just normal that I start to read englisch books .
I started reading englisch books when I was in grade 5 .
I already could read german books and was successful in reading german , so I tried so get some new experience and wanted to try a new thing .

Taking risks is the same .
People who are successful are often also secure .
You only take risks when you feel stable at a certain level .
Successful people always stand on a certain level , so they are more willing to take risks .

There 's also an example .
If someone just built a house and now has many dues at the bank , he wo n't lend his neighbour much money .
He 's unsecure about his financial situation and therefore now is more cautionous .

All in all , you can say that successful people always take risks and want to try new things .
They feel secure in their life because they are satisfied with their situation at the moment .
They therefore can risk something .
It 's easier to risk something when you are secure .
You ca n't lose as much as someone whose situation is insecure at the moment .

Another point is that sometimes you can be bored if you always do the same things .
To get out of boredom , you start to do new things and also take risks .

To summarize , I agree with the statement .
well to start with I utterly disagree with such statement because I believe that a man 's life resembles the different semesters of the year , in each lies beauty and happiness as well as problems and solutions .

younger people are more motivated to start thier journey in life , they feel stronger and more motivated to prove themselves , they have different kinds of activities and interest .
they are in the spring semester of their llives , where they are still green and growing fast .
they have a vast majority of choices and a load of decisions to make .

while older people are more relaxed , they are in the autum semester of thier lives , they made thier minds about the most crucial things in life , they took desicions and they are handling life more maturely , they are less motivated , but more aware .

what am trying to do is to shed more light on the mentality and the status of people at different stages of thier lives although it doesnt effect or interact with how much they enjoy their life .

But , in my opinion , what does effect the level of happiness , pleasure or enjoyment in life differs from one individual to another , it is totally related to ones perception of life and his prioreties and goals .
how much did i achieved till now ?
what I want from life ?
what I need in life ?
do i have it ?
we ask ourselves these questions all the time .

So , does young people enjoy life more that older people ? !
Not really .
To sum up must say that people enjoy life regerdless of thier age .
Thus what does make the difference is not the age , it is the individual personality and its look towards life , its achievments and the level of sucess and failure .
That 's surely a good issue .
It is impossible to me to look deep into the future to find an answer but , for now , i would certanly hope it .
Everyone understands how it is important to limitate the pollution today , everyone knows that in some hours it 's almost impossibile to walk around .
So , from a moral and ecological point of view , we have no other choice but to reduce cars .

Does this will happen ?
That 's completly different .
We know that alternative vehicles are growing faster ( think at the ecological bus ) ..
And that 's sure a good hint on how the future may look like .
A lot of people today prefer to use tram and bus to reach offices and other work stations .
Because cars does cost too much .
And that 's another issue .
As long as oil based products will move cars , people will look to cheaper way to go around .

There are plenty of cities all of over the world saying NO to the cars , in Italy , just to give you an example , you can use your car depending on the number of you car and on the day .
That 's a good start .

Another option i have to consider is a restyling of the concept behind a car : everyone would love a car with low pollution rates , free from the oil , cheap to use and why not ...
with a new look .

We know that reaserchers are working night and day to create something that looks like that .
The issue reads `` twenty years '' , well i 'm sure that in twenty years we 'll see the birth of a new car generation and so the old cars will get fewer and fewer .
And do n't forget the development of alternative vehicles .
Mix up together the the two things and you 'll have a picture of our future and so yes , there will be fewer cars in the next twenty years .
To answer a question as multi-facetted as the one given above , it is absolutely necessary to review and evalute pro as well as con arguments !

One can say that a person who aquires a broad knowledge in many different fields of academic subjects is better able to understand certain developments .
Why is that ?
First , many developments concern more than only one subject !
As an example only think about the process of Globalization : This phenomeneon concerns Economics , Industrial Engineering , Transportation as well as Education , or Politics .
Someone who focused only on one of the fields could hardly manage to bring certain facts together and draw qualified conclusions .

Second , many fields of studies have stron interdependencies meaning that one determant is influenced by different factors out of different academic branches .
Thirdly , the generalist ( as one can call the expert in many fields ) is able to access a wider branch of tools out of different subjects which enable him or her to be a more efficient problem solver .

Nevertheless there are obvious advantages of a specific knowledge as well : It is easier to totally understand a certain facet of a problem as one is able to focuse on that subject for a long time .
this enables you to draw back to a variety of experiences .

Picking up the example of the Globalization process it is easier to explain only the Economic aspect when you are an expert on that and have been able to collect deep experiences in that field of study !
If you want to focus on the effects of Globalization on poverty in third world countries it is not necessary to be an expert on the development of transportation costs ...

Having the pro and con arguments presented in the above section in mind , I would say that it is more important to specialize in one subject than being a generalist .

Especially today in a world with a lot of research done it is necessary to specialize on a detailed field of study to bring up new knowledge .
Experts can deliver more detailed problem solving plans .

In my opinion it is nevertheless possible not to loose the overview and to know the roots your are coming from .
The best alternative to do research on a multi-facetted problem is a team made up of members having their origin in different fields .
Doing this it is possible to draw from both advantages as everybody has his of her specific knowledge and contribute to a team uniting different qualities .

Thank you for your attention !!
On the one hand , risk is something unknown so you can never bet if it 'll turn well or not , but on the other hand , I 'm sure if you do n't take any risk you 'll never be successful .

Although some people think that success is not about risk but just a result of their personal ability , I agree with the statement because different experiences convinced me to that .

First of all , I think about history and all the mathematicians , philosophers , writers ( let 's think about Galileo , Giordano Bruno , Newton and so on ) who often challenged the way of thinking of their age and because of that they almost died poor and alone .
But what 're we still studying in high school or even in a Ph .
D ?
Eventually they were able to carry their ideas through centuries and we would n't ever have their thoughts and teachings if they did n't risk during their life .
They contributed to create our way of thinking so they 're really are among the most successful people ever existed .

Another experience convinces me that risk is an inner quality in successful people .
I 'm talking about all the stories we read on the Internet or books about poor people who decide to change their lifes drastically , maybe starting a new business , or `` playing '' at the Stock Exchange market , and suddendly create an empire ( did n't Bill Gates start in a garage , did he ? )
If there were no risk , nothing would ever been created .
Now thousands of people work thanks to the risk taken by someone in the past , is n't that successful ?

From my point of view , nowadays many people could get wrong on the concept of successful , it 's not just about business and creating money and that 's why I consider successful all the international organization 's members ( and every peace \ maker there ) who everyday challenge incredibly dangerous situations risking their lives in war countries or simply helping children with mortal diseases in Africa .
That 's what really makes a better world .

In conclusion I think that everyone should take his or her own risks , maybe in what they do the best , in order to become successful considering that not any risk is worthy to take
I do not agree with the statement the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Even though it will be much more convenient to depend on the tour guide and follow wherever the tour guide may lead as a group , the essence of travel which sprout from experiencing the sense of adventure , as well as the sense of being an explorer while we travel cannot be obtained if we had a tour guide and traveled as a group .

Firstly , if we travel in group led by a tour guide , we may not have to research about the place we want to travel .
This is known as `` package tour '' where tourists would go to the well-known tourist attractions rather than planning the trip and getting the first-hand account of exploring the unfamiliar place .
This then will eliminate the core of travel .
We would follow the tour guide just as a flock of sheep and we will be limited to see only what tour guide decides to take .
In this sense , travelvers will not be able to travel places where they would personally like to go .

This then brings up another issue of traveling as a group .
If we travel as a group , we will not be able to take break or have our own time of rest .
Rather , we would have to follow an austere , tight schedule that is already set .
Of course , if we had the tight schedule , then we will probably be able to cover the area that we were told to visit , however , we will not be able to take more time on a particular place of our own interest .
This means that another essence of travel , enjoyment while knowing about the place in a relaxed atmosphere , will be hindered if we traveld in a group led by a tour guide .
Furthermore , if the group of people that we travel with have noisy children , or if per chance people do not get along , then I think this will not be a travel that we want to cherish .

Therefore , I personally think group travel following a tour guide is not the best way to travel .
I would rather travel with a couple of my close friends or family members where we can take time to enjoy every aspect of going on a trip starting from planning to exploring on our own to the way we like the most .
To make a statement , that in twenty years there will be fewer cars then are today , a person would need to be completely unaware of the current scenario in automobile develoment .
Hence , I strongly disagree with the above statement .

The modern automotive story is one that is spending a lot of money on research and development of various new technologies that will ensure the minimum use of petroleum as their energy source .
Although the current notion about the future of automobiles is that once the supply of crude oil / petroleum is exhausted in the next 50 years , all these cars will have to be taken off the roads .

The above reasoning may be true only if the current level of development is stopped right now .
There are considerable number of newer strategies that have already been developed like ` Fuel cells ' , ` Battery Powered vehicles ' to counter the loss of petroleum run vehicles .
These technologies are already in their testing phase of development , and prototypes have already been run efficiently .
Due to the eco-friendly nature of these cars , it is recieving considerable amount of support from various organizations .
This support has contributed highly to the development of such alternate/hybrid technology vehicles .

Further more , looking at the growth of world population , number of people that will use any kind of conveyance to travel daily , easily surpasses all imaginations .
The growth of new world economies like Brazil , India , China , is producing more number of rich people by the day .
The average global spending power of people have increased over the years and one can easily consider that this growth will continue for the years to come .
This spending power gives people the advantage of choosing their own lifestyle - and an automobile is one of the most important part of a comfortable lifestlye .

Hence , i believe that the assumption , that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years from now than there are today , is not justifiable .
According to me , we may assume that the older cars , technologies will be surely be phased out by better alternatives in the coming years .
The number of cars in use should definately go up than the current number as the number of people commuting daily and their needs keep rising .
In the times of Humboldt who developed the idea of an ideal educational system that is universal in nature and combines both natural and human science subjects , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects was a true value .
Today , by contrast , we can observe an increasing specialization and academic education becomes more and more focused , almost narrow minded , training people from the start only for a specific subject .

While I would agree that given the amount of knowledge available on specifis issues and the scarcity in the labour market , it is important to be very knowledgeable in one particular field .
Being a true expert is important in order to be able to compete with other people in the same field and to enhance knowledge and promote progress in research on that specialized field .

However , specialists should not loose sight of the context in which they carry out their work and should always be aware of the broader social , economic and political implications their results may have .
To give an example , one could think of the physicists or engineers that contribute to the development of nuclear energy .
They surely need a very high level of expertise and an equally focused education to be able to perform sucessfully in their task .
At the same time , they should be the most far-sighted individuals , aware of the responsibility the bear given the social , political and environmental risks their work might imply .

Even the most specialized expert who is concerned with highly complex calculus or abstract reflexions should be educated enough and sufficiently involved in mundane issues to keep in perspective the context in which they carry out they work .
Therefore , I belief that a specialist education that focuses on a specific subject from early on should always be complemented by a fundamental ( not specialized ) education about the needs of society , the complexity of political relationships and philosophical and ethical considerations .
Over the years , use of cars has increased to an enormous extent .
It is really not difficult to find roads jam packed with cars .
It would be interesting to predict the usage of cars in future when the number of people requiring them would have increased tremendously .
In my opinion , the number should definitely go up .

Twenty years from now , world population would have increased by atleast 15-20 percent of what it is today .
The number of car users would also increase accordingly .
It would thus be expected that the number of cars also increase proportionately .
However , there might be certain counter arguments challenging this simple hypothesis .

One would suggest that the advancement in aviation in coming future would promote use of air transport at the day to day level and would be used for moving around even for very short distances .
This would tend to decrease the usage of cars to a great extent as a lot of space ( in terms of volume ) is really unexploited in this regard .
I believe that the advancement in aviation would not counter the difficulties in air traffic management that would eventually come up and so , air vehicles as move around mode of transport , are far fetched for twenty years from now .
However , this might be a healthier argument for say fifty years in future when systems for air traffic management could be devised .

Another contradictory opinion would be forced decrease in car usage as the traffic and capacity to accomodate cars is nearing its threshold world over .
I feel that ways would be devised to counteract this problem and some of them could be flooding cities with flyovers and subways ( city administrations ' initiative ) or making smaller and more compact cars ( car manufacturers ' initiative ) .

Another line of thought would be to suggest decrease in car usage as a consequence of increasing pollution level .
This can be either forced by laws or as an outcome of conscious awareness of the problem among the users themselves .
I feel that technological advancements would make it possible to have cars operated by energy sources other than the conventional petroleum products , e.g. , cars operated by solar batteries , wind energies and so on some of which are currently at the experiemental level .

Thus , it seems highly probably that twenty years down the line , number of cars used would be even greater than what they are today .
There is a great range of opinons about whether people agree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Some people might agree with this statement and other people might disagree with this statement .
As far as I am concerned , I disagree with this statement because many people can achieve their success by not taking risks and improving what is well-known .
I like to focus on these reasons in more detail .

The first and primary reason for my belief is that many people can achieve their success by avoiding risks .
For example , if people can learn a lot of information from other 's failure , they might be successful without taking risks .
To give my family 's example , when my grandfather started new business in any fields , he always reseached about the failure examples conducted by other people because failture example taught him why these businesses were not successful .
He was so prudent that he could make his success without taking any risks .
This example shows that people can be successful not by taking risks but by avoiding risks .
That is why I disagree with this statement .

Another reason why I disagree with this statement is that people also can be successful not by trying newthings but by improving what is well-known .
One example that comes to mind quickly is the Japanese internet shopping site , so-called Rakten .
This internet site always did not provide new technology and methods to customers .
However , this company was always thinking about how to attract their cuctomers and make customers buy easily .
Then it improved their site constantly .
Finally , this company dominated internet shopping site without introduing new technology .
I think this example shows people can be successful without trying new things .

Considering all these facts I mentioned above , there is no doubt that I disagree with this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Of course , I can not deny that many successful people tried new things and took risks .
For example , Sony , a famous global company in Japan , always tried new things and provied new electric appliances , such as portable radio and video games .
However , I still disagree with this statement because many people can achieve their success by avoiding risks and improving what is well-know .
Young people tend to enjoy more than the elder people do because they are more energetic than them and are physically stronger .
They got a large list of activities of enjoyment than the list of elder people .

Usually old people enjoy in home relaxing themselves or to the maximum extent of going out for a dinner .
Youngsters have a lot to enjoy themselves in there life .
Since they are physically strong they can indulge into many activities .
I usually enjoy myself by indulging in physical activities like sports example cricket .
I enjoy playing cricket with my friends and I like and enyoy the game immensely .
The game involves lot of concentration and physical challenges with lots of ups and downs which generates great excitement between us during the game .
Older people cannot experience the same feeling as we do .
There are many other activities in which youngsters can enjoy themselves in contrast to the activities of adults .

Another experience which I remember is my school trip to the mountains .
It was a great experience for me and I enjoyed enormous number of activities some of which includes mountain trekking , rock climbing , river rafting and horse riding to be mentioned .
Our teachers also came with us in the school trips .
Observing them one could easily recognise the difference between yhe level of enjoyment between youngsters and adults .
While adults could only enjoy themselves with the scenic beauty of the mountains and the cusine offered at the place or a long walk , we had a wide range of activities to indulge in as mentioned above .
It was impossible for our teachers to involve in the similar activities as we did .

Thus young people enjoy themselves greatly indulging in wide variety of activities and face the world with enthusiasm and excitement with their inexperienced mind without cosidering the thoughts of other people , which the elder people cannot experience .
Hence , the above points support my opinion that young people enjoy life filled with excitement more than the older people .
One must realize that the statement according to which there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today can be easily challenged or confirmed

This assumption is obviously inaccurate when compared to the various economic results and financial statements rendered nowadays by the car companies .
Except for a few of them , such as General Motors in the USA or Peugeot more recently in France ( both experiencing severe financial distress ) , the major companies have increased their financial income .

The continuous purchase of cars by consumers as well as the perpetual will to consume that characterizes modern occidental societies explicitely proves that the car industry is booming .
This phenomenon is n't likely to stop , especially when the wide variety of prices offered by the companies ( from the cheap car to the ultra luxurious one ) satisfies every consumer .
The car industry adapts perfectly to the consumer , and it seems difficult to imagine that there will be less cars in twenty years than there might be today .

Nevertheless , this statement could be partially true , for three main reasons .
First of all , major cities have nowadays developped various transport services for their inhabitants , which have the double advantage of being more useful and fast .
It is unanimously admitted that taking the metro today is far more convenient than using a car , especially in cities where traffic jam seems to appear as the principle rather than the exception .

Second of all , the price of fuel has increased in such way that it now constitutes an undeniable factor to take into consideration in the purchase of a car .
Fuel being so expensive , any consumer will not necessarily be able to afford on a long-term basis the fuel necessary for his transports .

Finally , the ecological argument is more and more put forward to demonstrate how the use of cars can harm our environment .
In my opinion , and this could be a possible solution , car companies should definitely invest in new and proper technologies , if they do n't want to see their products disappear .
The question that who enjoys most ; an older person or a young lad , is debatable .
On one hand older person are said to be wise and experienced that they take everything seriously while on the other hand younger ones are called as the care free .
They are seen enjoying life as none other does .
In my view it the younger generation who enjoy their life .

There are difficulties in life which every one has to suffer and solve .
At the tender age the children are totally free from tensions and play within themselves unaware of the worldly problems .
Till the age of teens the main task to them is to study and make the building block of future life .
They enjoy their every moment while studying , interacting with new friends and preparing for their next school class .
Next stage is the time of earning and spending for themselves .
These people go to theaters and enjoy art .
They go to parties and keep them themselves aloof of the responsibilities .
Dancing to the tunes of Saturday NIght and Summer of 69 .
Riding bikes and cars and doing whatever they want .

While on other hand older people get workoholic .
They work most of the time and find it hard to spare time for them and for their family .
In run to earning the living to live and fulfill the needs .
Older people cover most of their life in similar fashion getting themselves engaged in monotonous routine of office to home and home to office .
After a certain age they have time and money to do whatever they like but what lacks is that they do not have the energy and company to do things of their choice .
Retirement life brings again a life of boring routine where they find no one to talk to .
Thus instead of enjoying thier life they become even more tensed .
Various disease and ailments also contribute to their tensions .

So from the above points discueed I believe that the best time to enjoy life is the young age .
Younger generation extraxt the enjoyment most from their life .
I do not agree that younger people enjoy life more than older people do .
Altough young people are physically more active and healthier then the older , thus , may have more energy to engage in enjoyable activities , older people have also some advantges of the old ages provide them .

Young poeple are energetic and active , hence , often dominate most of the daily life activities we see around .
However , when compared to older people , younger ones have more responsibilty , which hinders their opportunity to enjoy life .
For example , I and my sister are working in full time jobs , which make us to spend all day in work .
Besides that , we are studying for graduate degrees and this takes most of our free time .
However , my granparents who are now enjoying their retirement years , spend their days with shopping , wandering around , travelling and hosting family members in the weekends .

Another advantage older people have is that they have been cared by other family members more than the younger ones have been .
In my culture , senior people are highly respected .
They have been consulted for experiences they have and for the knowledge they acquired throughout their life span .
That is , they are often visited by familty members , by relatives , which is giving them opportunity to interact socially even sometimes more then young people do .

One other point is that having developed a mature taste of preferences , older poeple do not spend time trying new things spend their times in a more quality way .
Yet , young people generally like trying new things as if they have not developed permanent life preferences .
In other words , young people can be thought as they are still in their life cycle , which can be characterized by flcutuations in tastes and preferences .

Therefore , I cannot agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Both age groups have their own advantages and disadvantages .
While young people may be healthier and more active than old people , older people can enjoy many different aspects of life .
The more important thing is that regardless of the age you are in , one should know how to enjoy life .
In order to understand something student should have a basic ideas about it .
I agree with the statement that it is more significant for the student to understand ideas and conept because in order for having a vast knowledge about any thing we should have a idea or concept which can be applied later in the practical life .

One reason for my belief is that in order to have a overall knowledge about any equipment or any subject , it takes time therefore student should learn ideas and concept .
Suppose we take a case of a person who want to become a pilot , so inorder to become a pilot , he should have to understand ideas and concept about the various mechanism in the aeroplane instead of driving it .
He can drive it better if he can have a better understanding about the concept and ideas then he can apply these in driving the aeroplane .

Second reason for my belief is that inorder for the accurate knowledge for the subjects it is better for the student to have a clear understanding about ideas in their class room because i feel that for a flawless knowledge we should have our concept cleared in classroom .
Suppose a student want to work on a computer aided machine which is a very expensive machine and quite vulnerable to fault if not handled properly , then in these case without having a knowledge of concept and ideas to handle it , student can cause a problem to the machine resulting in failure .

Finally , I feel that in the student life there are too much concept which are to learn , they had less time to complete their subject syllabus , therefore they should firstly complete the course in their school otherwise less time will harm their academic career .

However for the proper study of the a subject , student should have a hand to hand knowledge of fact also these will help in acquiring profound knowlege of the subject .

In conclusion , I agree with the statement that the student should understand ideas and concept which will be more benefical for them .
Nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Who are those who spontaneously share their time to help ?
What about those who do not help and what are their reasons ?

First of all , it is important to determine exactely the zone we would like to focus on .
We could consider the North American and French populations even we cannot deny the cultural gap .

In our western cultures , nowadays people grow up as consumers and within time they tend to be willing to satisfy their evergrowing desire to consume .
This behavior reflects the individualism that characterizes the nowadays young people .

Not only are young people individualist but they are also aware that time is money .
The more time you spare , the more money you save !

Those who spontaneously give enough time to helping their communities are people who consider being fair is essential .
A friend of mine used to be volunteer at the J. Carter 's Fundation .
She worked with a group of people coming from all over the world and coming from various walks of life .
They learnt how to built houses and they spent their whole summer building houses for the poor latin american families who cannot afford such comfort .

I could also provide the example of a friend who spends every saturday in a pension for elderly people as a volunteer so as to offer them company and sincere attention .
I do admire her devotion and the way she is involved in what she believes fair and good .

I belong to those who do not give enough time to helping .
i sometimes help associations especially in the winter when they need volunteers to serve food to the people in need .
But I am aware this is not enough and I could do more .

I do agree that lots of people of my age do not give time at all because they do not feel concerned .
Our generation is deeply rooted in an individualist perspective .
My parents ' generation has known Winter 54 ' for instance with the great national movement lqunched by the Abbe Pierre in France .
Maybe my generation suffers from a lack of such a charismatic spokesman who could be able to gather young people and to channel their conscience and their energy to give more time to helping the communities .
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do because of the following two reasons .
First reason comes from the freedam of each person 's thought .
Our present society allows us the freedam of value .
Whether enjoying life in the former part of the life or in the latter part basically depends on each person 's judgement about value .
There is no predominant notion that young people have to serve for the nation nor people have to enjoy their life when they are young .
The general statement that youg people enjoy life more than older people might apply to some , but never applies to all the persons .
For me , I think it desirable to enjoy life equally both in the former part of my life and the latter in a different way .
On this point , I will explain later in this essay .

Second reason is that our lifespan has extended very much compared to the past era .
In the past , it might be beneficial to enjoy much during the youth time because it was difficult to enjoy life in the latter part of life owning to the disease and the limited life time .
Now average lifespan is over seventies for male and eities for female .
After the retirement , we can enjoy a plenty of free time .
They can also use their experience to enjoy life better .

As for the second reason , opponents might argue that young people also have the advantages for enjoying life .
For example , young people have the advantage in the phyisicalness .
Moreover , in terms of the mental aspects , young people have the fresh feeling and thinking .
Therefore , they might argue it is unwise not to enjoy life when we are young .

On this point , I agree that young people have thier own advantages for enjoyning life .
However , as I noted above , old people also have the advantage in terms of freetime and experience .
Therefore , my answer is that people should enjoy life both in the former part of life and the latter part utilizing own advantages .
The given thesis is highly controversial , especially when we take into consideration that the German academic programs were recently reformed towards that direction .
Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects goes hand in hand with an extraordinary wide spread education which is useful in various different ways in everyday life .
Knowledge in terms of biology , for example , can be easily applied to everyday experience during a walk in the near forest .
Questions posed by children may be answered appropriately and correctly in an enormous amount of fields .
On the other hand , today 's economic and societal development of our society results in an increasing differentiation concerning work tasks and work skills .
It is required to adapt to these new circumstances in a world which is on its way to become a global village .
In order to cope with this high-speed development , it is important to specify on a very small aspect of an academic discipline .
In order to bring my point across , I would like to give a short example : Small knowledge of economics in general is less asked for in today 's globalized world than knowledge concerning the solar energy markets in China .
From this it follows , that I do not agree with the given thesis .
At least not with the way it is formulated .
From my point of view , a good general education and knowledge is the basis for more differentiated and specified knowledge in a certain field .
Whereas the first helps in the private sector of an individual ( for example when it comes to his social status or social prestige ) , the latter is necessary in the public sector , namely the field in which the individual is working .
It is absolutely essential , to be an expert in that particular field .
Otherwise , a high-quality performance is not provided .
To sum it up , a broad knowledge and a very specialized knowledge concerning a certain topic should go hand in hand and lead into a compromise .
The best way to travel is in a group that is led by a Tour guide .
I feel that it is more enjoyable to tavel in a group led by a tour guide beause it more fun and exciting .

There are many advantages , when you hire a tour guide .
A tour guide will help you to plan your trip , save time , and plan it in an organised way .
He will also make your trip more pleasant , exciting and organised .
He will take care of all your needs .
He will explain to you in detail about the palces you visit .
He will provide you with information that a local person may not know .
Thus , he will provide you a lot of information about a particular place you visit .

If a tourist wants to have some information about where to stay , or about the culture or tradition about the palce he is vistis , then the tour guide will be able to help a lot .

I remember those memorable days when I went to visit the Taj Mahal , last year .
Those days were filled with fun .
I went there with my family and also hired a tour guide .
The tour guide was friendly , gave us a lot of information about the history of Taj Mahal .
The tour guide also helped me to take pictures of my family .
He was very friendly .
He took great interest in showing us around the Taj Mahal .
He made sure to expalin in detail about the history of Taj Mahal .
The tour guide took great care of everybody .
It was fun .
I am glad that I hired a tour guide , without him my trip to the Taj Mahal would be incomplete .

However , I think that it is always a good idea to hire a tour guide when you go to visit places in agroup .
It makes the trip more enjoyable and worth while .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Examples from academic theories , successful enterprises and real life proove the validity of that statement .

For instance , on stock markets there is a rule that states that it is more likely to get more return when accepting more risk .
Whereas if you invest your money in a secure option , your yield will be fairly less .
This theory of the positive correlation of risk and return can be easily transferred to successful business models .

Amazon .
com , for instance , is a good example of a successful company .
The founders of amazon .
com took a great risk in investing their money in this project .
The idea of selling books online was completely new and no one knew if this business model would succeed .
Another successful entrepreneur is Bill Gates .
Creating Microsoft was very risky , because the use of personal computers was still new at that time and Bill Gates could not be sure about the selling success of his programms .

Trying new things and taking risks in everyday life , will increase one persons ' ability to react to unexpected situations .
It will thus reinforce one persons ' self-esteem and self-conciousness , which are important characteristics in todays society .
A person will more easily succeed in its personal life since that person will be able to face and resolve problems with less fear .

In my opinion , all these examples proove that trying new things and taking risks contributes possitively to success .
What is the purpose of advertisements ?
Most companys now spent much of their money in making advertisements because they want to sell more of thier products .
The propose of the advertisements is to attract more buyers .
Therefore , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

A consulting firm 's advertisement i saw last month is an excellent example .
In the advertisement , the company used a picture of a successful business man as the background .
In the bottom of the advertisement , the company listed some comments made by famous people .
Both the picture and the comments reflected that the company is very useful and reliable .
However , those informations are misleading .
Last week , a article by a major newspaper reported a big scandal about the reknown consulting firm .
It is said in the article that the company is not real .
After collecting money from many people who trusted the advertisement , the company vanished .
Neither its workers nor the police know where the ower of the business went with the money .

Test prep training center is another example of abusing advertisement .
In China , one have to go through tons of advertisement as he or she is reading a newspaper .
On a student prefered newspaper , most of the advertisements are about schools that can help one increase his or her score on a standardized test .
One advertisement in particular said that `` We gurentee an increase of at least 200 points on GaoKao ( a national standardized test fo . ''
Although the information the school gived is unrealistic , many believed that goint to that school in their only way to improve their score .
Many started to sign up and paied the expensive tuition .
After one year of training , those students took the test .
To their surprise , their score only improved a little .
Now they are suing the company for a return of their money .

From those two examples , we can see how many advertisements can make products that seemed better than they r
Based on my own experience and on other peoples comments about this theme I agree with the statement .

Especially today new inventions are made so quickly and life is often changing so fast .
These facts bring new questions and problems to be solved and although a certain knowledge is of course necessary in every field , it is most important to be able to adapt to new situations und to be flexible in most jobs .
Everyone can look up information , especially since the internet is available almost everywhere .
But knowledge and skills like `` soft skills '' are kind of individual and important in every part .

I myself experienced this throughout my internship at a tourist-company last summer .
Nobody asked me about numbers or specific knowledge about hotels or sights , the questions were if I could outwork an interview or if I have experience in moderating and working with groups .

In addition , I read about this topic a few times know .
There was for example an interview with a popular german journalist .
She explained that she studied history and politics but what she really learned at the time of her studies is how to search for information and present them to the readers or viewers .
To write a paper you have to find reliable literature-sources , which is n't always easy , but a skill you may need later as a journalist or if you want to manage a project of something specific .

All in all , I think it is better to teach ideas and concepts to todays students than make them learn facts because that way they get the `` tools '' to succeed in managing new situations and challenges .
In University , students have both to undestand ideas and concepts and to learn facts .
In my point of view , these two things are totally complementary in a student learning-process .

It is true that , depending on the area of studies , it is sometimes more important for a student to understand ideas and concepts , or in contrary , more important to learn facts .

For example , a student in History will have to learn a lot of facts and dates to be able to talk about a war .
If you do n't know these , you are not able to explain them .
Learning facts happens first , and understanting ideas , after .

Mathematics or even Economics students would rather say that it is more important for them to understand a theory or a concept than learning facts .
If you understand an idea you can thing about it , re-use the idea , or even learn from previous mistakes than have been made in the past .
After that , it could be interesting to learn when a theory has been though or where .

Moreover , if you understand something very well first , then it is easier to remember facts about it .
For instance , when I was in high school , I had lot of difficulties in learning facts and dates in History , especially concerning the Cold War .
After speaking to an older student , I realised that I was n't able to memorize the facts because I did n't understand how it happens and why .
After understanding something , you sometimes remember everything without ever noticing it .

In my opinion , understand and learning are both important for a student .
However , during all the years of studies , students have to learn to think , to take decision , to learn from mistakes , not only in order to find a job , but also in their everyday life .
Because studying is not only being able to learn facts but it is also the development from a child to an adult , I agree that understand ideas and concepts is the more important .
Today , we are living in an age of consumption , by consuming various products either because we vitally need them or we are conditioned to do so .
As a consequence we are destined to make continuos choices about our consumption and advertisements hold an unavoidable place in the process .
The way we determine our choices among , more or less equally qualified , products is connected to the way they are promoted to us to a great extent .

There are two ways that the advertisemets take hold of our choices , first , they associate superior qualities to a product , apart from the reality behind .
As an example to such a situation , we can look at an experiment made my Coca-Cola experts testing their new formulation of coke , in late 1980s , to reveal the reason behind the steep decrease in the sales .
When the experts made people try both Coca-Cola and Pepsi , without indicating their brands , even the Coca-Cola fans were not able to distinguish between the two brands and chose Pepsi , as being Coca-Cola .
The main outcome of the experiment was the indication that Coca-Cola fans were overall choosing the brand based upon bombardment of advertisements , instead of a distinct difference in taste .

The second role of advertisements to promote a product is to associate it with another aspect of life , generally with satisfaction of another need .
For example , in most of the advertisements of Gilette , we see a sexy guy , half-naked , shaving himself and being adorned by women .
Such advertisements give the message of : shaving with Gilette makes you attractive for women , is an important tool in increasing the sales of the product , by implicitly satisfying a subconscious desire of men .

Overall , it becomes apperant that , in a world of choices accompanied by numerous products on shelfs , advertisements manipulate our actions .
That is why big corporations invest millions of dolars in advertisement , as a sign of huge gains coming from advertisements .
At this point , it is our responsibility , to make most keen choices by comparing the quality of a product with its price .
The purpose of advertisements is to convince people to buy a specific product .
The business world especially marketers thinks that it does not really necessary to tell the truth , if you could sell something .

First of all , advertisements are one of the most important tools of marketing .
Their first and for most purpose is to attract people and persuade them to buy .
The goal of advertisements is not to tell the truth .
They can tell to truth but it does not mean that it is not just a way of marketing .
It is still tring to convince people to prefer particular thing to others .

People usually buy things which they saw on advertisements , and usually they get disappointed with the result .
Even though people think that they are buying the same thing , the reality is that the product is always exegirated in advertisements and it will be worse than people thought .
The basic example for this will be hamburgers .
When I go to a fast food restaurant , I saw lots of pictures of hamburgers , and they look really big .
When I buy one , I always find it to small to saticify , because the pictures convince me that they will be really big .

However , one of the easiest way of getting information about a product is advertisements .
Before buying something people want to learn more about it .
They do not want to buy which they really do not need .
People see advertisements in everywhere so they do not have to spend too much effort to obtain an information .

Altough advertisements are the easiest way to learn something about a product to make a desicion , people should reconsider every detail that they heared from or saw on an advertisement if it can be true or not .
They should be aware of the reality that the ads are for convincing people , not for telling the truth .
I disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
there are several reasons and examples which i would like to cite in support to my position , which can be enlisted as follows .

The young people i.e the group of people between the age groups of eighteen and twenty-five who are mostly graduates and under graduates will have lot of work to be done in the university in terms of assignments , mid term exams , publishing research paper , submitting a thesis at a college or university , etc and it would be unfair on the community people to help them in the social work .
All the young people who are studying at university may not be rich enough to pay their semester fees and those will have to pay the fees by working at part time jobs such as cafetaria , assistantship , etc .

and the most important to say is it is not the unwillingness of the young people to help community that is stopping them to help communitybut it is the time and livelihood factors which influence their attitude towards their community .

Secondly , the community in which the young people live is also an important factor .
If it is a community with diverse religions with frequent quarrels between the religions of the community then it is very difficult to get together the youngsters of the community to work for a single cause that is to work for a single community .
an example of this type of community is any city in countries like india , iran , iraq , etc .

Thirdly , the help the community need also is an important factor i.e the type of help the community needs from the youngsters if the help is small there no need for all the young people to look after it and instead my best opinion wuould be to take the advise of some several senior wiser men of that community instaed of catching hold of young people yo get help .

To sum up , the assertion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities is wrong and in my opinion all the problems ( small ) must be looked after by the community head .
Basically , I agree to this statement .
To understand ideas and concepts is more complicated than just learning things by heart , and this is also what academic courses try to teach their students .
Being able to present own ideas is more worth than just re-producing things , like you do if you learn hard facts .
That 's why I think that doing research or developing or understanding ideas and concepts should rewarded higher than simply reproducing thing .
Science could not work without any ` thinking ' , and that is what students at a school or especially at an university are supposed to learn : To get behind the things .
Furthermore , most facts are based upon a concept .
That is an additional reason why understanding or doing science is more worth than just learning something by heart .

On the other hand , it is mandatory to have a huge knowledge about simple facts in certain areas .
You are not a good scientist if you do not have a huge knowledge of facts , and if you think about a lawyer , it is necessary to have both , the important , and seldom used bills in mind ( and these are a lot if you count them ) .
But that does not make you a good lawyer .
You have to combine this knowledge of simple facts with concepts and ideas , and these two things make you a really good lawyer .

In certain areas , it might be enough to have a huge knowledge , and you do n't have to be that great thinking person .
If you think about working in a library , it seems to be more important to have huge knowledge about the books which are in the archive instead of being able to understand complicated concepts or ideas .

If your skills have a focus on just one thing , this will not be a key to success .
To combine these two skills , being able to understand concepts and simply to learn things by heart , is a good mixture and can guarantee for good results in the job , but also in life generally .
School is a very important social structure where students can form their minds thanks to the information given by teachers .
Usually teachers believe that the exposition of facts is the most important part of what is called `` didactic '' .
They expect pupils to learn the facts and to repeat them exactly in the same way the teacher taught them .

This clealy creates a kind of disfunction of learning in the student who has to learn mere facts .

According to me the best way to improve both teaching and learning is the use of facts as the material support of a new element : the elaboration of ideas and concepts deriving from those facts .
Obviously it is also important to learn , sometimes also by heart , some specific facts , but what does matter is the ability to search and to find the sense of a fact .

People usually believe that learning facts is more important than elaborate them because people suppose that those facts carry the so called `` Truth '' .
Unfortunately the truth is not given one time forever , truth depends on who is speaking , namely thinking .

The mere exposition of facts is not a guarantee of truth .
Students should learn that ideas are more important than facts : for example is more important to understand the deep reasons that caused the two World Wars rather then the day in which they started .
It is clear that also the historical facts are important but they are senseless without a specific interpretation and knowledge of the ideas .

Ideas and concepts are what move the world , they are at the basis of what we define ideology .
Every society is based on a specific ideology which is , properly , the melting pot of the ideas and of the concepts that created that specific society .
I agree with the statement that ideas and concepts are more important for students than facts .

An important purpose of learning is to develop one 's cognitive abilities as well as to develop one 's powers of understanding and analyzing patterns of events or facts .
A number of experts also develop the cognition and the ability to predict events or results in the future by extrapolating information or facts on these theories and patterns .

The physical sciences are based upon testing of hypotheses and development of theory .
Specific facts are not an important feature in their learning .
The social sciences too are increasingly getting inclined towards developing theories and concepts .

For example , students of History study past civilisations including their rise and fall across regions and time .
They come across a lot of details about each of the events and features that characterizes the various developments through History .
However , it is important for them to understand the patterns , ideas and the reasons of these events rather than the nitty-gritty details of the events per se .
They are taught to identify similarity in patterns of rise and fall of civilisations rather than the exact dates for each of the events or specifics of historical artefacts and culture .

Similarly , students of Economics study various economic systems that have existed across countries and through various periods of time .
They seldom memorize detailed economic indicators of each of these systems .
Rather , they study and learn the principles these economies were based upon , the patterns of their growth and the causes of their rise or fall , as the case may be .
Present day economists use this learning to develop policies that would help society meet its desired objectives .
Thus for the learning to be useful in this case , knowledge of facts is not important , understanding economic ideas and concepts are .
Knowledge helps an inidvidual in making his career and helps him earning his livelihood .
I believe that its better to specialize in specific subject because having broad knowledge of many academic subjects makes the person `` Jack of all trades but master of none '' .

Even in today 's world where education holds lot of importance in both professional and personal lives knowledge in one specific field only proves helpful .
Studying in one specific field helps an individual in acquiring maximum knowledge about that feild .
with this person has to focus only on one subject this reduces his burden and he tries to excel in that feild .
These days requirement is increasing more of specialised people .
For example , demand for heart surgeons in hospitals is increasing day by day because of increasing heart problems .
Patients also prefer going to those doctors who are specifically for those problems which they are suffering from rather than going to the general physician because they trust specialist doctors more .
like for any eye problem they will go to eye specialist ,

Studying in one specific field helps at professional level also .
Big companies are recruting only those individuals who specialise in one subject only .
They donot higher those individuals who have bit of knowledge in all fields but rather they prefer hiring those people who have specialised knowledge of the feild in which the company deals because these inidividuals who are masters in one subject will help in company ' s growth and development .
They willl bring recognition to the company .

Students also prefer doing masters in one subject only because if they specialise in one subject this will bring for them more growth opportunities , more job opportunities and more recognition .
As I have done my graduation in the field of interior designing but I am planning to do my mastersas commercial designer because today 's market is full with interior designers but people prefer going to the specialists of all the fiilds .
Like for kitchen designing they prefer going to kitchen specialist , for landscape designing they would go to landscape specialist , for furniture designing they will hire furniture designer .
Even client 's want masters for all the works they want to do .

Even lot of renowned and reputed colleges give degree in one psrticular field .
In the coming times there will be more need of specialised people .
As scientists try to study and do reasearches in one field only because if they will try doing researches in all fields their work will be messed up and world wo n't get all advanced electronical gadgets or luxuries of life .
So different scientists work in different fields and that too of their interest .

So in the end I would like to conclude that its always better to sutdy and specialise in one subject only because with this person is able to focus in one direction only and doesn ; t get hampered by other things and this brings more recognition and growth opprtunities in his life and his life becomes more organised ,
In my opinion , I agree with this statement because I believe that understanding the whole context of an specific topic , in other words , capturing the ideas and concepts , would allow a student to develop a better meaning of what he is learning which could be reinforce with the different facts described during the course .

For example , when I was a attending classes at university , I always tried to pay more attention to the main ideas the professor was trying to explain , which does not mean that I found facts less important , but in my case , I knew that in order to understand and facilitate my studying for an exam , it would better if I could develop the topic thinking in a different way and not just memorizing each word he said or each fact stated .
Nevertheless , facts would help me have more specific details about the class but if I have just learned facts or be more interested in them than in concepts probably I would forget those facts faster and may have more problems in answering questions that were not asked during the class because I did not understand what the main idea was about or what the professor was trying to teach us .

Another important example why I am convinced ideas and concepts worth more than facts is related with the way we understand how a singular topic in real life is being developed .
For instance , most students have a knowledge on how a country 's economy works or why it is important to have accountants in a company without needing to study Economics or Finance just by understanding the concept of free markets and how important finance are for companies to succeed .

Students are going to have a better knowledge of what they are learning if teachers put mpre emphasis on the ideas and concepts rather than facts .
I like to travel on my own schedule and leisure .
So I disagree that the best way to travel is by being in a group led by a tour guide .
For me travel signifies unwinding myself , discovering unknown things and waking up and sleeping when I want to .
By giving the tour guide control of this time and lettting him/her run my schedule would be sure shot recipe for ruining my holiday .

From my childhood days I have memories of certain trips I took with my parents where they signed up for group trips with a guide as part of the package I remember being tired and bored at the end of the day .
All the places we went to were predictable and crowded .
But when there were day trips we made to the beaches around and just lazed and played in the sand it brought me joy and the pictures always were a delight to watch .
One exception to this is when we visited a world famous sun temple in India which dates back to several hundred years my father hired a tour guide and he explained to us the meaning of different sculptures and their significance in history since this temple was located in one of the oldest kingdoms in India .

Now that my husband and I go on holidays together we do not follow any schedule .
The last time we went on a vacation unplanned we discovered a safari that was not listed in any of the local attractions .
We ended up staying in bamboo huts right on a strip of a private beach with its own kitchen .
The adventurer in me will not let me follow any set pattern of visiting famous attractions based on someone else 's prediction of what needs to be seen .
Of course , if I visit France I will go see the Eiffel tower or any world famous attraction in that city but I may just sit on the side and observe people As I will grow older and perhaps have more time to travel , I know the wanderlust will not fade away and I would like to travel and explore the world .
I also know that while travelling I will come across diverse cultures and people and their foods and habits .
I want to use my travelling experiences to know how and why people live the way they do and while I do that I hope it will help me and my family understand the world in a better way .
That is the legacy I want to teach my daughter - of tolerance and understanding for people who dont necessarily eat or look like us .
A group travel with a tour guide will definitely not help me achieve this .
I would think it will fulfill my role as a part of this world instead of just coming home from a far away place with a momento and a memory of a luxurious hotel .
I disagree with the statement .
I think there will be a increasing needs to own cars around the world majorly due to ( i ) worldwide population growth and ( ii ) industrialization of under or less developed countries .

Even though the rate of increase seems to modify , the global population is still in increase , thereby creating basic grounds for the need of new car .
As you may easily imagine , the more people live in the earth , the more personal vehicles they will need , and certainly no other personal vehicles ever invented will outbeat the cars in the foreseeable future .

The industrialization of under or less developed countries , such as those in Africa or Asia , will also create new need for the cars .
Looking back the history of 20th century , it is reasonable to think that there will be many under or less developed countries will grow to be more industrialized in 20 years .
The industrialization will stimulate the construction of the infrastructure , such as the road and increase the level of income of each people .
When two things combined , the massive need for the new cars will be created .
Taking for example , Korea , my home country , there were not many cars in 1980's .
However , together with the rapid industrialization , a number of cars used in Korea has increased dramatically .

One may argue that as the people grows older , they tend not to drive a car and as the average life of people around the world gets longer and longer , it will cuts the number of cars used in the future .
I agree , in part , to such argument , but in my view , when people gets older , they normally do not buy new cars when their cars get outdated , rather than immediately dispose of the cars that they owned .
Therefore , such an impact , even though it may be real , will not be huge .

Putting such factors into consideration , I trust that the cars which will be in use after 20 years will outnumber the be
I believe older people enjoy their life better than the young people .
They have lived their life .
The amount of experience they have is vast .
They know the art of handling various situations .
They live their life among friends .

Old people know the art of enjoying their life better than the young people .
When they were young they amount of opportunities they had were more and the competition was less .
They had fewer universities the amount of research that was happening in the field of science was limited .
No matter the ground roots of scince and technology were kept during their time .
The amount of tensions and the pressure they had to deal was less .
I can say this because of the numerous old people that I have spoken to including my own grand parents .
Whenever I talk to them I gather so much of information that I have to say yes `` The world is not enough '' .
They use to have some problems here and there but during their time the community use to stand as one .
They laugh they share the life time achievements .
Like my grandfather talks about the worldwar II .
How my grand mother waited for him , and use to pray in church everyday for his well being .

Young people on the other hand are more complex of a nature I would say .
They amount of competition that they have to face every day .
Somebody or the other is trying to proove himself better than the other .
These factors lead to tensions , enormous pressure at times and frustration as well .
Generally younger generation is least conecrned of getting involved in community activities , other then once in a while .
Some times we never who is our next door neighbour .
As we the younger generation is more concerned with the privacy .
We are not ready to accept somebody 's help .
We want to remain confined within ourselves .
The young generation might be seen speaking once in a while in community here and there .
They generally are forgetting the natural art of enjoying .
Enjoyment could be going to clubs and bars have some drinks and have fun and come back .

Therefore in my opinion it is the old people who know the real art of enjoyment .
Young generation should take sometime off their busy schedule and spend time with the old people .
We might share love and affection with them and in return gain a lot out of them .
Nowadays life is tough and expensive and young people have a lot of responsibilies in their life .
Depending on the economic system and depending on the country where they live , most of the young people have to study to get a diploma to be able then to find a job to earn money and be independant from their parents , so studying takes a lot of time and some of them need to work as well as to study , so it would be very hard to hep other or give time to the community .
To stay healthy , most of the young people spend time in the gym or practicing sport outside and that will take an extra time .
A small percentage of young people get engaged very early and maybe they have family to take care of so this will lead to lack of free time other than for the family members and for work , depending on the employment law , young people would need to work full time duty and would n't have time to help outside .
when young people come from wealthy families , or depending on the family education they have , maybe these conditions will allow them to be helpful for their communities to improve the community they are living in , to help needy people , and each young person can participate with his personnal skillls and possibility for the best of all the community members .
Everyone of us can be a active member to help others , because in that way we can be stronger ans life may look easier to us and to others and who knows , maybe oneday we will need help so we will be happy to find support from others .

In my opinion , everyone can have little time to give to his community to improve our life and have a better future in our own country of citizenship or residency .

As an active member in my community , and as a mother of 2 children , i can help others by giving little time for psycholgical support for needy persons and helping children to have their vaccinations updated , in that way i can help improve our life in the community
Nowadays , in our countries we have a huge numbers of cars running on the highways , and it seems that something needs to happen to avoid this situation that sometimes becomes problematic .
In any case , I do not complety agree with the question .
Let me explain better , On one hand , we know the importance that the transnational company cars have for the economy .
The motor industry is one of the most important industries in the world .
So , I suggest that it is impossible to stop the production of the cars , without affecting other fields , or aspects of the economy .
And maybe it could have impredecible effects .
I am not considering the economy as the most important thing , this is not my aim , but unfortunatelly , we have to think on this fact , because we need to have good economy to avoid conflicts in the future .

On the other hand , we have new alternatives to support the impact that the cars have in the planet .
In this point , we should speak about cars that use other kind of energy and more or less have the same capacity to move us .
These cars use gas , or vegetal oil .
We have to assess this point to achieve that the idea of individual freedom remains .

In conclusion , in my opinion it is early to know if in the future there will be more or few cars in the planet , because it is not easy to answer this question .
Usually the people seem to think just in the negative aspects of the cars , forgetting the possitive points of view .
I mean , we have to consider that the car is one important aspect of our common life , and not just for enjoying , but for working or travelling .
I try to explain that , apart from considering the numbers of car , we have to know if it will exist the possibility for avoding the damage that the cars do in the enviroment .
I think that the people will create a new kind of car on this goal , for the future .
I hope so .
I agree that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today in twenty years .
Certainly , there are many reasons to discourage people from using and owning cars .
The first reason is pollution .
Cars burn fossil fuels which give out lots of greenhouse gases and other pollutants .
As people become more aware of the environment , more and more people are against the idea of using cars now and in the future .

The second reason discouaging the usage of cars is the depletion of resources .
The number of years we will be running out of petroleum is calculated and it is shortened again and again due to rising demand .
The price of oil skyrockets in recent years , and so does the price of gasoline .
SUVs are no longer favoured by the consumers and more and more people gave up driving their cars totally or reduce their usage of cars due to higher oil price .

As the number of cars on road increases steadily , road conjestion and parking space have become serious problems in many countries , especially in fast developing countries like China and India .
It is quite normal for a driver in Shanghai to take two hours to complete a twenty minutes drive in conjestion .
Finding a vacant parking place can take up to half an hour in the central part of Shanghai .
Unsurprisingly that many drivers get frustrated and give up private driving .

However , solutions to the problems of the current cars have been implemented and some of them are working .
Hybrid cars invented by Toyota are selling fast , because the hybrid car saves energy and use less gasoline .
But the problem of depletion of oil is not directly addressed here as the electricity needed to charge the hybrid cars is generated mainly using oil .
Oil price will still increase and discourage people to drive cars .
I do not aggree with this statement .
There several reasons explained in the analysis below which will indicate the opposite .

First of all , the historic development of the automotive industry has to be taken into account .
In the last 30 years the number of cars sold worldwide increased year after year .
In Western Europe an the United Staates the number of sold cars might not have increased at the same speed it did in the 1980s or 1990 , but it still has been growing .

Furthermore , the statement claims that the total number , not the number of sold cars , will be reduced .
That means that people whose cars are demaged will not buy new cars , which certainly is unrealistic .

Emerging countries like China and India and also countries in Eastern Europe seem to develop the same way countries in Western Europe and the U.S. have a few years ago .
Therefore , the demand for cars in those countries will rise year after year .

When anayzing the location of production sites of the automotive industrie it is obvious that they currently focus on these countries .
This shows that they expect to sell huge a amount of cars in those areas .

Other countries in Africa have not even started to develop to an industrial country .
In 20 years those countries will properbly have began their development and consequently their need for cars will have increased .
The growing population in the develloping countries and in the whole world will go hand in hand with the growing number of cars .

At the moment the importance of the environment becomes obvious to people in developed countries like Germany .
This might make people think that the number of cars will be reduced .
But , the conclusion that the will stop buying cars is wrong .
It is possible to invent environmental friendly cars which only need a little amount of gas .
At the same time the first prototypes of cars using differnent materials than gas have been develloped .
This gives people the opportunity to drive a car and to protect the environment .

The argumentation above shows that it is very unlikely that the number of cars will decrease in the next twenty years .
Life is a very long journey with many different kinds of periods in it .
We are born , than become an infant , a teenager , an adult , an elder and finally come to the end .
Each period has good or bad parts and enjoyable to live .
The most important point in this journey is undoubted that you have just one chance to live each part and cannot change the order .

In my opinion , the most enjoyable period in this journey is youth .
Firstly , when you are young , you do not have to face any important diseases that the elder body brings .
Human body is in its healtiest period and also the most good-looking one .
Young bodies are attractive , thus , you can do any sports , eat anything you want and these do not damage your health .
It becomes a disaster when you cannot eat something you want like chocolate or sweets , or else salty refreshments .

Secondly , older people have problems due to their appearance .
They miss the bodies they own when they are young and each time they look in the mirror , they make another pace to depression .
Moreover , they lose their fertility according to their age and enter the menapose or andropose section ; these are reaaly hard times to face for people .

In addition to that , when you are young , your manners can be accepted by public even they are not ethical , but when you are older you carry the burden of responsibilities on your shoulders and you are not easily accepted as youngsters by public .

Consequently , even being young is thought to be more enjoyable than being old , it depends on person living it .
This is not an all black or all white situation and a person may have had an unhappy youth may have found happiness later when he is older .
Whatever the case is , life is beautiful everytime .
I actually live in Barcelona , a city with a lot of traffic .
I have a car but I usually go everywhere by public transport .
I only use the car to go outside the city .
However , nowdays are a lot of cars everywhere and , in general , we use the car for go everywhere .
Consequently , it 's difficult to imagine a city with fewer cars .

I really think that in a short period of time it will be less cars everywhere .
There are a lot of reasons for think like that .
The first one , is that in some years will be very expensive use the car .
For example , the petroleum resources are finishing and everyday the gas price is increasing .
Another example is that in Barcelona in most of the places we have to pay to park the car .
This reasons make public transport cheaper in comparation with car 's price .

The second reason is that in the big cities is faster go by public transport everywhere than go by car .
We have a very functional and complete underway , with a lot of lines .
It is also very regular , we have one every five or ten minutes .
Moreover , there are a lot of underway stations in the city .
If you use this stations you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park the car .

On the other hand , the people who live outside the city has a lot of problems for use public transport .
In most of the little cities or towns , the public transport only works one time in an hour or maybe the station is at 30 minutes walking .
If this happens , it 's easier and faster go by car than use a public transport .

In summary , I think that the number of cars will decrease in the big cities , with good public transport , and it will be the same in the litlle cities and towns .
Unless the goverment improve the public transport overthere .
In conclusion I think that it will be fewer cars in the future but it will not happen everywhere .
I do believe that the young people enjoy life more than older people do because the young people have more time and energy to enjoy in a day as compared to the older people who work throughout the day mostly to make ends meet and hence are left with not much of a time and energy to enjoy at the end of the day .

Being young you have lots of things to explore and look at as in school and then the college .
All those different field trips and the social and cultural programs are just a few to mention when we say about how the young people enjoy more than the older people .

For the older people , their jobs or businesses do not have such field trips or cultural programs to lighten up their spirits , as their schedule does not permit with all such things .
A typical 9 to 5 job to takes up the time of the day doing pretty much the same job for years together .

The older generation pays for the enjoyment of the younger generation .
And literally , it is so , as the older people spent most of their lives making and building their assets , which is of course for the younger generations of theirs .
So the young people spend on their parents money and do not have to worry about how they will get the money tommorow as they know they have a monthly or the daily allowance which is going to come their way anyways .

As the older generations have more worries in thinking about their finances and budgets and their house hold requirement which the younger generation does not have to think of as it is been taken care of for them by the older people .
So that again leaves them more time and energy to enjoy .

So I feel that young people surely do enjoy more than the older people do .
In order to contextualize an specific academic subject , there has to be a broad knoledge of many academic subjects .
The balance between the general knowledge one gains and the specific knowledge one pretends to obtain is an important one .
Both knowledges are co-dependant and inter-related with each other .

In my personal academic experience , I could say that the general knowledge in the Hummanities department , the Physical education department , the Antrhopology department and the Social Sciences department has led to a more profound and mature understanding of my specific field of study .
My undergraduate proposal was to combine all these fields in the performance arts , thus enhancing the possibility of a more organic and interdisciplinary approach to them .

By combining physical training ( in theatre arts and physical education classes ) with physcology , anthropology and humannities classes , one can achieve a more integral view of the human being within it ' s context .
By expanding knowledge into various fields , the being can enhance theatrical and creative performance in a self-concious way .
The body can therefore express it ' s integration in society by developing a language that articulates racial , academic and social background .
In other words , the body becomes a didactic space that expresses it ' s knowledge and transmits it to it ' s public .

The Spartans believed that a healthy mind in a healthy body is what made an integral citizen .
My undergraduate program reiterates this position and expands it by incorporating the body in the `` wholeness '' of academic development .
If one wants to be an instrument of knowledge for it ' s society , then one has to acquire a certain general knoledge of all academic fields , in order to transmit a concient and integral discourse to society .
My specific knowledge field , performance arts , is a great tool to transmit this discourse , using the body as a `` connector '' with it ' s society .
Whether one enjoys or not , depends mostly on the individuals definition of enjoyment .
If a person finds one work interesting , he/she will drive immense enjoyment in doing it , even though the same job might appear extremely drab to another person .

In order to do justice to the statement made here , we need to understand how the preferences of young and old people differ in terms of their activities .
This statement seems to be written by a young person who feels that his/her present pursuits of vibrant physical activities , adventures and long vacations spent in travelling to exciting destinations are his sole source of enjoyment .
Because he feels that he might not be able to do these things in advanced age , older age might be boring in all respects .

However looking from the perspective of an old person , having lived his/her younger life in constant activity , lot more enjoyment is found in doing the other kind of things .
These can be small little things like reading books , soaking sun in the garden , gardening , playing with children and the like .
We need to understand here that it is not that they have to do this , but because they choose to do this which in turn is simply because they enjoy doing it .

I am not generalising all the elder people as dormant personalities who indulge in less physical activities .
There are cases that one comes across in which people in old age resolve to do something very demanding in physical terms just because they could not do it when they were younger , and they feel that doing it would bring them lot of satisfaction and enjoyment .
Thereby we have stories of some 60-70 year old trying their hands at trekking or a cross-country run .

I agree that there can be cases where a person might become physically unfit to take up an activity that he would really want to .
This might happen more often in old age , but we need not forget that young people are not completely excluded from that .
There can be cases where people in young age are incapacitated in various aspects as well .
But even in such cases one will surely engage oneself in some activity that he/she might eventually end up enjoying a lot .

It is apt to mention here that enjoyment emanates from an initial emotion of accomplishment .
When one feels having made an accomplishment in any field , he/she starts ` enjoying ' it .

To conclude , I wish to reiterate that enjoyment and happiness are a state of mind and matter of personal choice rather than absolute entities .
Hence to say that criterion of age , sex , education , opportunities and the like will bar someone from ` enjoying ' , is not correct .
Young people in these days have enough energy to do anything they want to , anytime they want it .
First of all because they are healthy and strong so they have no physical limitations .
Furthermore due to the fact that they have not yet experienced a lot in this world makes them hungry to taste every area of life .
Moreover their only role in society is to study and prepare for their future that is the reason why they have no economical , social or family worries yet .
In addition , it is imposed to them that they are `` at the top of their lives '' so it is their chance to do everything they want .
These are the reasons why it is commonly believed that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
However I do not really think young people of these modern days actually enjoy life , the majority is not mature enough so they run through life experiencing things that they should not experience at young ages and tasting everything as if the world would be destroyed in a few hours .

The fact that older people do not have the energy or health required to party all the time , eat anything they want , run cars , or whatever young people do nowadays , does not mean their life is over and they do not enjoy life anymore .
In fact , I think they have a greater opportunity to enjoy it .
My grandma and my mother are excellent examples of this .
Even though they are not able to do a lot of things anymore due to their age , both are happy women enjoying every minute of parenthood and frienships .
`` There comes a time when you realize relationships are the most important things in your life , more important than objects such as cars , beautiful houses , jewlery , and so on '' , says my grandmother to me all the time .
Furthermore they are so thankful for the wisdom they have acquired through all these years of experiences , that for this reason they enjoy their lives even more every day , as if it where their last one .

To sum up , I do not think enjoying life has anything to do with your age , but it has everything to do with your heart .
Some people think that it 's better to have a broad knowledge of many and different academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Both the opinions present several strengthens and weakenesses but I 'd rather agree with the former position .

First of all , I think that broad knowledge is really important in the modern world .
In the business world for example , you have to be able to talk both about business and about products .
To talk about the former you have to know something about economics ; but if you have to talk about the latter you should probably know something about sociology and customer satisfaction .
That 's what I thought when I had to decide what to do after the High School .
On that occasion I decided to study Engineering and among the different majors I chose Civil Engineering because it did n't provide me with too much specialization .

Second , I also think that it 's very difficult to decide which particular subject to focus on .
In this sense , it 's much better to study and cover many academic subjects in order to be flexible .
In fact , flexibility makes you able to focus on different issues and on different subjects during your life .
That 's what has happened to me .
I am an Engineer but I actually work for a famous economic consulting firm .
Everyday life asks me to focus on different problems in different fields and that 's why I say that flexibility is an important value .
In that sense , having a broad knoledge of different subjects can help you to keep your mind open .

Considering all the things stated above , I think that specialization does n't consider the social evolutions of the modern era .
In fact , in today 's world , people must cover different fields in order to reach success .
The above statement mentions that `` Most Advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' .
In my opinion this statement is true and valid reasons can be given for the same .

Advertisement has been a mode of communication to the people worldwide .
These days there are various ways in which a product can be advertised .
It can be print , television , radio stations or even websites .
Print media includes newspapers , fliers , leafltes , hoardings on the road etc .

Firstly , consider the product wherein there is a huge competetive market , for instance beer .
When there are so many brands available and when a person is already used to a certain brand what would make him change that brand ?
Nothing but the way it is advertised .
These days we see large hoardings which say that the beer named Budlight has `` no carbs and no calories '' .
So this directs the people who are calorie conscious to drink that beer .
We just believe in the advertisement and go ahead to buy the product .
But does anyone really know if this is true and the other thing even if the beer is not good at taste people will drink only because of the way it has been advertised .

Secondly , in India there was a product called `` Fair n Lovely '' which is a fairness cream and when applied on the skin makes a person fair in 21 days .
How far can we agree to this ?
Even if this does not actually happen to all people they still want to try .
All the people want to apply and see the result and psycologically they feel that there is a change in them .

Thirdly , there are certain products which have established a brand name in the market , so these sellers dont need to make their product look more better .
To illustrate the food chain namely `` Subway '' has already created their brand name so they dont need to advertise thier product in a way which seems to be good whereas the food chains like Jack in the Box , Dairy Queen who are making a stand in the market have to advertise in such a way that their products look tempting and can be sold easily .

Thus , it can be said that Advertisement is the reason to make a product seem much better .
No doubt some products are good in reality but the other products which cannot survive in competition make their product look like the best one .
Therefore without Advertisement no product can be sold or made noticeble to the people locally or globally .
Advertisement forms a part or a neccesity of every organisation but the methods used for advertising should be straight and not misleading to the consumers .
I most definitally disagree with the statement , due to the world we live on today .
the world today from my point of view is an ever colluding world .
In todays world there is a high and almost unreplenishable thirst for change .
Change as an engine need the feul of adaption .
this is only attainable by openmindedness and cameleon instinct .
Darwins evolution cycle seems to occillating into the positive infinity as the as the idea of what is desirable now is rather ephemeral and what is demended one day might be put on the head with a declaration of nuclear advancement in , lets say Indonesia .

We have time and time again seen the breathtaking speed with which global ideas are fished out of the chesspool of globalization .
As another siencetific descovery is made in japan or another oil refinery distroyed in Iaq so are also the thoughts of what is important changed .
Twenty years ago with the asian tigers rapid growth and the peg on the japanese yen , sewing and stiching were a must-master in taiwan .
Today taiwan is at the heals of silicon valley with the transnational corporation TAIWAN SEMICONDUCTOR .

There is a rapid wave of growth parallel to the arms-race in the cold year between the US and the USSR .
Today there is the sunami of the skill-race as we have seen with liest developed nations finding foot in the petroeum and natural gas industries .

Every one wants a piece of this cake , there is no shying back .
India has allready swallowed our presious american jobs at high-skill electronic-chip factories .
The american enterprise is not outsouring , to generate a higher GDP AND SAFETY for the american people .
The states must secure the middle east and if desirable the ever sino-influxed AFRICA .
In this era one must have a solid platform with as little as secular friction as possib , soas to be able to easily slide in and assist your texaco to assure the future of your country .
One must be openminded and at the same time conserved so as not to lose ones culture in this earthly swirl .
American students at Li Po Chun United World College in Hong Kong are struggling to keep up with the raceing pace of their Venezuelan counterparts in chinese lesons .
The race begins in the early years of life as rich sudanese oil/sheiks send their kids to school in Shanghai , to attain an education fit to collide with the red blanket covering African/oil fields .

The young generation , in which i myself born in 1988 , have a reserved spot , has to be as flexible as chain soas to stear away their beloved countries , if they-re not of blended descent , away from desaster .
One can not merely learn one trade .
The lawyer who only went to study NAFTA-bond law at Harvard will never reach as far as the swiss young man who decided to study international business law at Zurich Universtiy with a year abroad in Cairo .
Skills these days ciould be viewed as baseball-card , a great way for kids to leant the art of trading , negotiating and war .
Collect them all ! .

My mind is a sponge and I plan to learn four more langages fluently so as to be bale to compete in this cancer-paced wold with no vaccine .
Mandela a shahto
Advertising products is very important for the companies and without doing it , the chance of making a big profit is a slim one .
You can see and hear commercials almost everywhere , if it 's on Television , radio or on the street .
But are the products really as good as they always look like in commercials ?
In my opinion they are not .
There are a few reasons why I think this way .

First , the food always looks so delicious on TV and advertisements , but if you go to the store or make them products by yourself it never looks like the picture on the package .
There it always looks shinier , everything seems to be seperated when they cook it and it seems to smell very good .
I heard before they use something to polish their products so it looks shinier , they also use only the best and good looking food and sometimes they even replace it with plastic imitations .
For example if they show you a delightful chocolate bar , it 's usually just a piece of plastic made look identical to the bar .
And if you buy it sometimes you might be disappointed , because it looks a lot different , it 's smashed or crumbly .

Second , cleaning products are not always as easy to handle as the Television shows it to their customers .
For example the new swiffer duster , which is a fluffy cotton pad on a plastic stick .
On TV the woman just takes one of those pads and sticks it on the plastic handle .
In my personal experience it took me quite a long time get it all together and even if it 's handier than the regular dust cloth it still does n't clean as good as the old method .

Finally , clothes are another major point in my suggestion that advertised products look better in commercials .
You always see them good looking women and men on TV that seem to have a perfect body for any kind of clothes .
When I go to the store and try the same ones on I usually get disappointed , because they do n't look nearly as good as they do on the models .

There are quite a few reasons why most products are n't as good as the ones in the advertisements .
But there are some that I bought and I am very satisfied with and do n't want to miss them in my house .
I am personally not sure whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or in one specific one because there are advantages and disadvantages for both opinions .

On the one hand it is of course good to have a broad knowledge in general .
In our society it will always be useful to know as many aspects of different field of science as possible and to have the ability to talk about many different areas of knowledge .
It would be fatal if I am just a specialist of my own field of study but do n't care about other aspects that maybe could influence me in some way .
There are always connections between different areas of academic studies and it is possible to import some aspects taken from another filed of study to my own specific one to widen my point of view .

On the other hand it is important to have specific knowledge in one field .
Firstly because the use of studying is generally to deepen one 's knowledge in a specific field of study .
Secondly I think it is very important to specialise on one topic in which I am really interested and have a great knowledge in than to know only main facts in areas I am not that interested in .
Thirdly a specific knowledge in one subject will be vital to my future life because if I ever want to get a job somewhere I must have a great and not just a general knowledge about the field I want to work in .
In addition to this the subject I am specialized in is probably an area which I am very involved in so that I can express myself and my skills in this field very well .

So I come to the conclusion that even if it can be useful to have knowledge in many different aspects of life it is more essential to have knowledge in one specific subject most of all because it will help me to get job in future .
But that shall not mean that I am not convinced that it is also vital to increase my knowledge in other areas of study .
In the next twenty years there will be much more cars than there are today .
The rate of cars production is increasing drastically over time .
More and more companies in developing countries are venturing up in this field to make more and more fuel efficient cars .
According to current studies for the car market , it is estimated that after 15 years the cars in Asia will be 2 times of what they are today .

This is true that the demand for supply of fuel is also increasing leading to high oil prices .
But many researches are going on for the non-conventional sources of energy .
Many companies like General Motors have now started to produce cars which run on electricity and these cars are very efficient and small in size as well .

If we just look at the use of cars in the past 100 years , we will find that cars have become more and more useful with time , and today it has become a necessity for an average person .
About 70 years ago , one could rarely see a car and the cars belonged to only the highly priveleged rich people since only they had the money in order to buy and maintain cars .
But today one can see the even the college student interested in buying the latest models of cars .

As the world in changing its face over time , this is widely accepted that the pollution and global warming is affecting the environment and so the car makers are becoming more and more conscious for making cars that lead to lesser pollution and are more fuel efficient to agree for more and more stringent environmental norms defined by different governments .
So as the population and awareness is increasing the car production has to increase to meet its demand .

With more and more pace of development and population growth taking place in the developing countries like India and China , the demand for cars is increasing rapidly .
With the increase in the number to such vehicles , the governments are also spending more and more money for infrastructural development like making roads etc .

So in conclusion we can say that the number of cars is bound to increase in the next 20 years .
And with the pace the demand for cars is increasing every day , in future we will be having more and more developed and highly sophisticated cars .
Facts are the core of life .
With out facts you can not draw conclusions , build a hypothesis , or even dream of a different course .
You can say that a fact is the basis where ideas and concepts emerge .

Lets take organic chemistry for example .
A mighty complex subject that many students , the ones who are dreaming of medical school , pharmacy school and the like stand hand tied to understand what is a really easy subejct in its core .
Only if you know the facts .
To undrestand what that means you have to know few basic facts about the carbon , the hydrogen , the nitrogen , and the oxygen atoms .
For example the number of bonds each must posses in order to be stable .
Carbon needs four bonds , hydrogen needs one , nitrogen three , and oxygen two .
Another fact is that each atom will always search for its stable state , and chemists call that , the less energy state .

Knowing what we know about bonds and atoms we can explain organic chemistry in a new light .
Its the strive for the atoms that make the molecules we have arround us in the air , the ground the sea and so forth to stay stable with the least energy possible .
And from that we can introduce the idea of atomic orbitals and the concepts that has been used by scientist to show how these orbitals strive to make the atom stable and functional , in other words survive .
And using the concepts of atomic orbital we can draw an extended concept for the molecular orbitalsfrom the concept of the molecular orbitals we can take it further to understand the way the molecules react with each other to form new molecules and so forth .

From the facts you can project hypotheses and ideas that can be proven right or wrong as time goes on .
But there is one thing that you can not change and thats the fact .
The water color will stay colorless , the fish will still swim in the sea not the land , and the carbon atom will have four bonds till the end of times , and that is a fact .
Do n't young people care anymore ?
Have they lost all sense of responsability for their communities ?
In recent years it has been often discussed whether or not young people still give enough time to helping their communities .
As I cannot clearly agree or disagree with the given statement , I will , in the following essay , present arguments for both sides before I draw a conclusion that is partly based on my personal experiences .

Unfortunately , it is a given fact that young people are less and less involved in their communities : When it comes to local elections it is usually the young people who cannot be bothered to vote ; when it comes to helping out at social institutions , young people are hardly seen ; and on Sunday mornings usually only elderly people sit down at the local church benches .

At first glance it seems like young people are more interested in shopping , playing video games and partying instead of giving some time to their communities .
Partly , this might be true , but it is definitely not true for all young people .
In my personal opinion the young people often are not properly given the chance to play an active and effective role in the society they live in .
During my internships at local schools , for example , I would often hear the young students make remarks like the followings : `` Nobody cares about what I do , everybody thinks that I am a failure. '' , `` Nobody is interested in my opinion , I am not capable of changing anything anyways. '' , `` Why should I care about others , I need to care for myself first . ''
.
The reasons for these and similar statements probably are very diverse , for example one reason might be the lacking support and understanding of the parents .
If parents fail in teaching their children what it means to be social , it is more likely to meet a young one that does n't care for anybody else but himself .
It therefore seems to me that the community and especially the educational system has to make major efforts to prevent such a shortcoming in social skills .
Communities , for example , should make it easier for young people to get involved instead of complaining that young people are n't interested anymore .
For example , the local animal shelter could go to the schools and let the students know that they are in need for people to come walk the dogs , clean the cages , and so on .
They should also point out that they need very responsable and honorable students to do the job and encourage the students to give it a try .

Likewise , other institutuions should ask for help , also .
For example , I could imagine that places for retired and sick people would have a great need of young people to spend time with the elderly ones and , in my opinion , the institutions should point out how beneficial such a relationship could be for both parties .

Also , the community should offer activities for teenagers and young adults , for example regular meetings where they can get together and perform multiple sorts of activities that train intercultural and social competence .

I truly believe that , if young people are encouraged , they will gladly devote time to their communities and , thus , one should n't complain about the young ones , but support them a little better .
I strongly believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are for several reasons .

First of all , the marketing has been always worked behind the objective of : `` sell ...
as much as you can the product '' , ...
and how do they know how to sell us something ?
how do they know how to make us buy what they want us to buy ?
Well , first of all , they study the consumers .

In my opinion , it 's more than obvious that everybody wants the best price based on quality everytime they are going to buy a product .
This is not something easy , because if a business create something with high quality and sell that product cheap , they would never get a good profit of it .
So , is you create a product , at a price , and you want to sell as much as possible , how are you going to do it ?
Well , there is where the marketing , and therefore , the advertisements , enter in our discussion .
It 's seems something easy , but it 's not .
The first thing they have to do is study the consumer , what they need , at what price , when and how much .
If the product that they are trying to sell , has everything the consumer wants , perfect , they did it !
but that is very very difficult , because no all the consumers are the same , it affects the age , the sex , where are they from , what they like ...
so , the solution is make the product and make it look like the consumer wants it to be .
It can sound strange , but I think that the objective of the advertisement is try to sell you something they want you to buy , sometimes a product that you really need for your life , but sometimes they create you wehat I called , artificial need .

Lets just try to think about us , I 'm sure there has been at least one time in the life of everybody that had bought something that it seemed great on television and then it is n't as good as we thought .

My experience was buying a car , it looked amazing on television and it has a great price too , but something cheaps costs you expensive ...
everybody was buying this car , so I decided to buy it and , at least , it was n't as amazing as I thought at first .

In conclusion , I strongly agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , because the objective of the advertisement is to sell you something and make you buy it , even if its as good as it seems , or not .
The statement that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts might have varied opinion depending on how a person takes it but I myself agree to the statement .

For me if a student understands the idea and the concept about a particular topic , the student can get a clear picture of as to how that particular concept came into being by knowing the basics for it without ever getting the thought that how did he for that matter reach to this conclusion .
Whereas had the student just learned the facts , he would be just having sort of an overview of the topic without knowing any in-depth details about that particular concept and still might have so many questions regarding the topic which he might have not been able to answer by learning the facts .

Another point to understanding ideas and concepts is that upon understanding them , it would stay in students head longer and may be permanently as by understanding he would be knowing as to how a particular concept or idea evolved .
He would be knowing the fundamentals for the idea or concept and once a student is clear with his fundamentals I personally think there should not be any problem anytime recalling it .
This is not the case with leaerning just the facts , as one would have to keep going back to his notes or books to memorize them as the fundamentals have not been instilled into his mind which would have been the case if he might have understood it .

Besides the student can also try and relate to that particular idea , which they can later narrate with ease whenever asked to do so , if he understands that particular idea , without much of straining or stressing .
While this might not be the case if the student is acquainted with just the facts , as learning the facts without knowing the basics for them is equivalent to or rather is cramming which does n't help much and rather might end up pretty confused instead .

An example supporting the above points that I made would be of a biology student .
Had the student just learned the fact about a ecology flowchart for a particular group of animals it would be okay , but might face problems when a question comprising another group of animals is given to him as he has n't understood the basic principles onto which relationship between various animals is based .
On the other hand a student who understands the concept for it will have no problem of answering the question anytime as it is all crystal clear in his mind .
The statement that the , `` Young people enjoy life more than the older people do '' , appears very vague to me .
It is a very generalized statement .
In my opinion age is just a number and it is the attidude towards life is that matters the most .
I believe , if we have a positive attitude then no matter what our age is we will be optimistic and have a zest for life and for other social - cultural activities .
In fact as we grow old , we mature and start making wise decisions instead of being impulsive .

Young people in my personal opinion are hyperactive and prudent .
When young we just want to do things which will give us short term happiness or pleasures .
During the growing up years , the tendency is to enjoy and to experience everything without considering the ramifications of their actions .
But when we compare , the enjoyment that comprises of physical activities , like sports or other adventurous outdoor activities ( like biking , hiking , surfing etc . )
then there is no denial that the young people enjoy and make the most of it !

Also when we are young , we face the hardships of life , education , job which at times can leave a little time for adventure or enjoyment .
But as we grow old , by that time , we have taken care of our responsibilities , achieved and accomplished our goals .
Then we adopt a more relaxed attitude to enjoy the benefits of our hardwork .
So in a way it can be a debatable question who enjoys the life more , the young or the old !

As far as I am concerned , I do not agree that only young people enjoy life more .
Enjoyment and happiness are also associated with the way we humans percieve things .
So enjoyment of life by younger generation can also be dubbed as an ambiguous entity .
The statement that to understand ideas and concepts is more important than to learn facts is a contoversial one .
On one hand learning facts is important get into the researches made in the past On the other hand it is always saidthat thinking and understanding is the mother of all invention .
How ever in my opinion it is better to understand ideas and concepts rater to learn it .

The reason for my belief is , that if someone understand the topic and apply it the past experience helps to memorize the thing .
the best example i can think of is doctor it is the ideas and practise that makes him a good practioner , if he going to learn every thing he might be confused all the time .

The second reason for my belief is , it is always easy to underestand the thing rather to mug them up .
Concept formation started right when he was in school and it gradually build over the time and will not finish till the end of his life .
It is scientifically proved that what we learn each day we memorize only 30 % next day and it will keep on decreasing with time .
This happens to us during exams if a pereson is well active during lecture and do his home work regularly his performance is better than a person who worked last night of exam , the active learner can handle all type of questions asked effectively and efficiently and a problem can occur for a person who did learn the answer of the question asked .

Last reason for my belief is , that in the field of research the knowledge is more important than the learned facts .
The scholars always tested on this parametre , for facts there are books inthe libarary for reference , internet to search but no option for understanding . , it is his ideas and concepts which help him to succed in life .

Finally i strongly support the statement that `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
Young people are often said to mostly have themselves in mind .
This thesis might arise from decreasing numbers of young people that are actively participating some sort of communities .
But is this true ?

In my opinion this theory is too simple and the topic needs to be viewed from several aspects .
What kind of communities are we talking about ?
Churches , sects , clubs or Online communities ?
In case of the first two I believe it may be alright .
Young people would like to be free in mind and not spend their life being afraid of an evil lord who will smack them down unless they serve certain people .
Turning their backs to religion for me is the right choice .
But on the contrary I believe that private and online communities are not lacking motivated and caring young people .
A lot of communities have been formed - or should I say boomed ?
- during the past few years .
The word itsself is probably one of the most frequently used ones among young people .
Their active participation helps these communities and , as it is the idea behind it , it also helps themselves gathering social contacts exchanging information and opinions .

But yes , some children certainly spend too much time playing video games or watching TV instead of making something that is more productive or creative .
They waste their time they sit in front of their monitors seeking short-term satisfaction .
Of course they are wrong but their are not the ones that tell themselves what is right and what is wrong .
They also will not find a way to communities themselves .
It is their parents that are responsible for them so it is them that need to be harmed if young kids some day lack social skills .
They determine where their children go , what media they are confronted with and what social activities their children are part of .
But the parents are not solely responsible .
Teachers play a role and have to provide a kind of ethical education , too .

To conclude I would like to say that this sentence is full of prejudice but maybe totally nonsense .
It is true that society forces most people to take care of their own as there are less and less rewards given for sacial actions .
How many times do you see advertisements a day ?
Recently we live in the flood of advertisements and it is true that sometimes they can be very useful information to buy something new .
However , it is not good to trust every fact which is in the advertisement .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Showing their product seem better than they really are can be considered as a marketing strategy .
There are too many products which have the same function in the world , and if they want to sell their products , they need to make the advertisement of their product which has the same function but has to seem much better than other products .
The problem is from that point .
They decide to lie in order to sell their product more and the customers who buy that product wil be cheated .

I had an experience to buy a set of equipments for cooking .
In the television advertisement , it looked like magic .
Show-hosts could to everything with those eqipments easily and it worked very well on tv .
And also the product was much cheapper than other products which were selled in real shops .
However , I could not do anything well with the same equipments .
The knives which had special purposes were worse than a knife which I had used before them , and I could use several types of pots and pans only for two or three months .
And then , I had to buy new equipments .

Even though it is true that advertisements are necessary to show someone 's products widely and easily , there should be only truth in the advertisements .
I certainly agree to the statement and there are conspicuous examples which make me believe this way .

Firstly it is anchored in the `` nature '' of advertisements that they make products seem much better as they are .
You must only ask yourself some quite simple questions .
What are the intentions of the advertisement making people ?
Why are there advertisements in nearlly every places all over the world ?
and so on .
The explanation can be introduced by only one single word : `` Money ! ''
.
Do n't belive advertisements have been evolved to inform people about the best products , they have been evolved to make you buy a product without regarding its quality .

There are several examples .
For instance if you want to buy a fat-burner you will find a lot of different products all promising achievements in a very short period of time , but if you try them out there will be nearly no achievement at all .
Moreover the advertisement has fulfilled its purpose , because you have bought the product .
An other example is advertisement for cigaretts .
Think about the notorious Marlboro-Country and ask yourself if you really feel like a cowboy enjoying the lonelyness and endlessness of the prarie when smoking a Marlboro .
This example leads to the next paragraph .

Advertisements want to present their product in the most typical way with refernces to the consumer .
Let me explain this a little bit more .
Would a company which sells tuning parts for cars let play the main role of there spot by a gay guy .
Definately not !
There would by promiscuous women as well as `` real-men '' representing the product because it would be more convincing to the people buying these products than a gay guy .
So the advertisement exists in a reciprocal relationship with the consumer .
This is necessary if the advertisement making people want to reach their goal .
To make you buy their product .

As a conclusion I would like to assert that the advertisement which represents its product objectively does not exist .
Advertisement definitely helps to make products more attractive , even if their actual value does not correspond to the promises made by the advertisement .
It is not very surprising that this is the case .
There is a whole industry dealing only with the task of promoting products .
They employ experts who use the latest psychological knowlegde of how to influence the human perception of a certain product .
Of course a product will become more appealing if it is developed exactely for the target group you belong to .
The advertisement not only tries to sell a product , it tries to sell a lifestyle .
It says , if you drive this car , drink this beer , smoke these cigarettes , you will have a pleasant life , a successful career and more sex than you ever could have dreamt of .
That makes a product look very attractive on a TV screen .
After having bought the article , it often turns out that it does not fulfill all desires that were promised to be fulfilled .
In reality , it looks much less impressive than on the screen and the consumer in fact is rather disappointed .

Another example for advertised products with low quality is fast food , either in a restaurant or from the supermarket .
The advertisement suggests that eating this particular pizza or hamburger is not only tasteful , but also very nourishing .
The TV spot may show a happy family gathered around a table , eating these great five minute noodles .
The advertisement wants to imply that this is a healthy meal for the wholw family .
Instead , the product is really poorly nourishing and does not keep the promis .
Taken everything mentioned above into consideration
Although it may seem like young people do not contribute to the development of their society as much as in the old days , I strongly believe the opposite .
In my opinion , daily life and social issues have become so interrelated that it is difficult to distincly see the youth 's contribution to his/her society .
Consequently , youngsters help their communities in the form of joining social affiliations , taking active role in political discussions and even working while they take part in educational activities .

One way that youngsters contribute to the well-being of their society is through community work they do in their free time .
It is possible to see many university students voluntarily participating in clubs where they have the opportunity to help children , people with disabilities and people who are in need .

Another solid example of youth 's contribution to the society is their desire in expressing their political opinions and taking the necessary action .
In my opinion , a strong society is the one in which politics can exceed the walls of the parliement .
In the country where I live , young people form active groups to contribute to the well-being of their country .
Thus , their contribution cannot be neglected .

Finally , it is not so difficult to come across university even high school students working on part-time jobs .
To be more specific , half of my friends are both working and studying .
Considering the time they need to allocate for their studies , working while studying is not an easy task at all .
Thus , it should deserve the society 's appreciation .
By doing so , the youth makes a significant contribution to the economy of their community .

There are various examples suggesting that the youth is still actively helping their community .
Thus , it would be wrong to thing that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It is just that they do it in a different manner than the usual .
Knowledge is a very important aspect of a person 's life .
It influences the position of the person in the society .
Everybody relies on knowledge to make things easier .
Regarding the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects than to specialize i one specific subject . ''

I fell that the person with specific knowledge on one subject is better of with the person having broadledge base .
As we normally taunt the persons with broad knowledge as `` Jack of all trades , master of none '' we send the information that for a person to be succesful in life it is the specific knowledge that comes to the picture .

Proffessionally a person with specific knowledge is preffered to the person with a broad knowledge base .
Suppose a patient suffering from a heart disease approaches a cardiologist and not a general surgeon .
As the saying goes `` rolling stone gathers no moss '' tells that the person who keeps chaging his subject on not constant in his acedemic intrests will gather no useful knowledge .

On the flipside , age is a major factor in deciding the knowledge we have to acquire .
Suppose for example , when in school the children are taught various subjects like History , social , science , math etc because to form the foudation of a knowledge .
Suppose in school children are taught about first aid , which may be life saving for some one .
So , until a certain age , till the student is not sure of his fields of interest he has to gain some basic knowledge about a lot of things .

If the student is clear about his field of interest he has to go into the specifics of a single subject , this will help him in acquring a job .

Finally , as the saying goes `` a single coin has two sides '' the person will have to go through both the stages depending on his age and his interest .
After a certain age , the person with knowlege in a specific subject is rather succesful in his personal life than the person with broad knowledge on many subjects .
Yes , I believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Tour guides are often more experienced and more familiar with the place of travel and they can show us the speciality about that place .

Travelling in a group alone or with friends in a foreign country without a tour guide is like getting lost in a maze .
We wouldn not know how to communicate with local people , how to buy things and even get the food we want .
Also , it might be hard to travel to the landmarks without understanding the way transportation works in that particular country .
On the other hand , if we have a tour guide with us , he would probably have some connections with the travel agencies and it would be easier to communicate with local people and also bring us to the local attractions that we want to see without any problems .

Tour guides are meant to be hired for people travelling in foreign countries and need a person to guide or lead them .
Tour guides are professionally trained and experienced with the country they are guiding in .
They are often from that particular country and they know how to speak the local language and they understand how things work , so that you would feel more comfortable and would trust them as being your leader .

Although you might not get to do certain things that you had in mind , when travelling in a group with a tour guide , you would definitely have a great time and it would be the best , and the safest way to travel .
With a tour guide , you get to experience or see the local life styles , local food , and local attractions , much more easier than travelling by yourself blindly , not knowing where exactly you are yourself .
In conclusion , in my opinion , the best way to travel is indeed in a group led by a tour guide as you get to experience a wider range or varieties of sight-seeing places without getting lost and to experience different sorts of local culture .
Throughout history , humans have competed and strived to find and derive the best way possible to advertise and sell a product .
This key concept is illustrated precisely by this statement ; for which , I would definately agree with the statement for three main reasons .
The core of this statement is rooted in essential marketing techinques that are vital for the sale and profit of any product .

The first main proof for this statement is seen in the essential concept that everyone that produces something to sell will want consumers to be attracted to the product by any means possible .
It is in human nature to allways want the best quality possible for what one is buying .
Thus , an advertisement that makes the product appear much better than they really are is a key technique in pulling a costumer to buy the product .
This is because the costumer expects the product the be at its best quality .
Once the consumer has decided to buy the product that attracts him ( due to the fine quality in the advertisement ) , he will go and buy it .

However , if a product creates a great demand due to is advertising it will cause an increase in the amount supplied , because more people will want it .
This brings the second proof for the statment .
In order to have a greater amount of the product produced , the company producing the item will have to forgo time and effectiveness in makeing a finer quality product , in order to make more , which are worst than what appear in the advertisement .

The third main point is that an attractive advertisement will draw people to buy that product over other similar competing products .
This will make businesses and companies make their product appear better than it really is in orther to get consumers to buy theirs over their competition 's .

Ultimately , as the world shifts into a greater consumer society , humans are going to want to see that their money spent ( investment in a product ) has a great appearnce .
There are many products in the market that even though they are not the best quality appear to be the best thorugh their popularity and heavy advertisments .
A real example could be seen with the recent popularity of the mp3 players iPod .
Even thorugh their technology , capacity , and applications is worse than others ( such as Sony 's Creative mp3 players ) , their attractive advertisement and global popularity have created a huge demand , even through they are not the best product for the amount of money spent on the market .
Therefore , through these three principles and the examples provided it is reasonalbe to see how most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The idea that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are has growned to be old-fashioned and too simplistic .
In my opinion , perhaps in the early days of advertisement the public was more naive and advertisers themselves considered that the effect of advertisement was much more powerful that it really is .

Today , I believe that advertisers have come to realize that it is much more effective to convey emotions and concepts related to the product than to state its wonderful and nearly miraculous properties .
Why ?
For two reasons .
First of all , the public is n't as naive as some people might consider .
They might be tempted to try a product that seems better than it really is , yet come to find that it is not as good .
This can be harmful for the product 's sales in two ways : the consumer will not buy it again , and he/she will feel cheated , misguided and angry .
Therefore , the image of the product will be damaged .

As a second reason for why I believe that advertisements do not make products seem much better than they really are is that advertisers know that it is better to work upon the real-deal .
That is , tell the consumers that what they see is what they will get .
However , advertisers do try to make consumers think that what they will get is what they need .
I believe that other than displaying the properties of products on television or radio , advertisements work more and more on consumer 's needs and motivations .
They wo n't lie , they know that their consumers are n't fools , but they will try to convince you that a particular product is the one that best adapts to your needs .
It is a sutile yet powerful difference .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadys do not work hard to help their communities .
I think they spend their time doing other unimportant and useless things such as playing games and killing time .
They also make the community worse in sum cases such as playing loud music in the middle of the night when everybody is trying to have a good night 's sleep .
They act agaisnt the society 's interests and add to the noise pollution .

There are several reasons that contribute to such behaviour of youngsters .
These include peer pressure , stress thorugh family problems , child abuse and so on .
Friends may think thst it 's ` cool ' to smoke , drink and do drugs .
They think that breaking rules is the way to gain fame and popularity among other members of the same age group .
Troubled childhood may add to such behaviour too .
Some youngsters may be facing a lot of pressure from family members or through child abuse .
This may lead them to remove their frustrations on their communities by troubling them and disturbing them by breaking the rules .
They may go terribly out of control and rebel arnd the age of 12-20 years .

Youngsters may not be willing to help their communities because they might think that it is boring and montonous to help out their communities .
Also to fit in to the ` group ' , their behaviour pattern changes which makes them less co-operative .

They try to distract and destroy their community by playing horrible loud music , blowing horn for no particular reason in the middle of the night while having fun with friends .
They may throw litter unneccesarily across the area and spoil the environment .
They may destroy habitats of certain species and cause them to become extinct .

The society can try and bring about a change in todays youngsters through love and guidance .
Older people can try and make freinds with the youngsters .
This can be done by frequently holding a community meeting .
For example , every month a community conference can be held specially for teenagers explainig to them the consequences of not handling their community in a proper way .
Drastic action can also be taken such as by complainig to the police should teenagers behave in an ill - mannered way .
Parents can treat them strictly for improper behaviour .
It is a fact that cars are parts of our daily lives .
And you cannot deny that we do need them , but if we will look in the furture ; are there going to be more or less cars used by human beings in twenty years ?
I would say that there wo n't be many cars left on streets worldwide , for the following reasons .

Firstly , technic and its experts constantly develope new technologies .
Who knows which transport possibilities are there going to be in twenty years ?
Nobody of the nineteenth century had ever dared thinking that humans are going to fly or even fly to the moon in the twentieth century .
May be all people are not driving anymore in the future , but they are flying with little u-boats ?

Secondly , as our environment is nearly totally damaged due to pollution and cars , I do hope that people will recognise how important our environment is , and will forget about using cars .
Without any doubt it is the car industry which is mostly responsible for the damage made on earth .
If people do n't stop polluting our environment , there wo n't be an earth left where we can life .

And thirdly , cars are expensive .
They are even so expensive that people can hardly afford them .
And the cars industry is definetly not making cars to be good for the environment , but to make profit .
And this situation is not about to change in the future .

On the other hand , we need our cars .
Without having a car your daily life will turn into chaos .
We are completly depending on them if we want to go shopping , go to work or even if we want to go on holidays .

The argument of people being lazy does support the idea of cars being part of human lives , even stronger .
Nobody really wants to walk , if there is a change of driving to a place .

Finally , a car is simply a symbol of wealth .
Most people do own two or three expensive cars just to show that they , in contrast to others , can afford having expensive cars .

As a conclusion , I am convinced that cars are helpful and will always be helpful in the future .
But what consequences might there be if we do not reduce the use of them ?
I think understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students than simply learning facts .
However , sometime learning facts is necessary .
In the following paragraph i will state my reasons why i do agree with the statement .
First of all I think in today 's society and business it is important to communicate .
Discussing and talking about problems and ideas in a classroom gives you the ability to talk to people more easily even if you are not the same opinion .
You learn to understand their idea and why they might think this specific way .

Another important thing is another benefit for your future job .
Today you might be sitting in a classroom with a teacher helping you with every question you ask him or her but sooner or later you probably will be sitting in a business meeting , in a office or even be teaching a class full of students yourself .
If you have learned to understand the ideas and concepts of things you also learned to solve problems .
If you did n't understand it at first , you looked for answers and ways that you might be able to understand it .

The third thing is that it is probably easier to learn for a test when you get the main idea or the whole concept .
When you prepare for a test and just learn facts the whole time but do n't know how they fit together or what their connection is , it is pointless .
You might know it untill the next day but you will forget it in about a month .
However , if you learned the whole concept and understood it , you are familiar with it and it is easier for you to recall things .
I would like to support my statement with an example : In Math it is very easy to solve problems after you have understood the main idea and the concept of the solution .
Some tasks might be harder but you always know at least the way to solve them .
If someone would just learn the formulars but does n't know how to use them or how to combine them he wo n't do good on any test .

Even so I support the statement I have to say that there are some majors where learning facts is partly necessary .
For example if you learn a new language you first just study the vocabulary .
When you do history you have to learn dates and `` timetables '' .
In the end , however , it always matters that someone understands the whole idea .
The statement that `` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' is a quite provocative statement .
In order to analyse this I will differentiate between some types of advertisements .
As far as I think there are three especially effective ways of drawing attention to a product or service .
The probably most effective one are TV commercials .
In second place I see magazine or poster advertisements .
Thirdly I think radio ads are quite effective .

Exactly in the order that I listed these three types I think there is a hierarchy present that is linked to the statement .
TV commercials are extremely powerfull !
The human mind is affected by such commercials in a great variety of ways .
The visual stimulation is obvious .
It is also understandable that the audio affects a person .
But an immense power of a commercial lies in those factors that are delivered to the submissive mind .
Let 's say you have 24 to 30 images per second in a modern film .
If one image per second shows your product in an otherwise `` normal '' film , you get automaticly attracted to it .
Fortunately that way of advertisement is prohibited because the customer might be affected against his will .

Poster and radio advertisements only have an `` honest '' attempt to draw the attention .
But still they can as well include a lot of stylistic devices that can influence a viewer towards the product .

Colors , for example , are extremely powerfull .
Although different colors might have different meanings in different cultures .
In the western hemisphere for example red might represent the wild , blue the relaxed and silver the elegant .
That way a customer might get the feeling of an extremely stylish toothbrush if it is shown in a bright silver light .
That way a special significance is attached to a basicly normal object .
This as well might vary between cultures .

Therefore I agree to the statement .
Personally I think this is the great power the advertisements have .
Commercials play with all the associations people might have and by doing so they deliver a message that somehow praises their product or service .
Knowledge plays an important role 's in one 's life .
Academic and general knowledge make people more equiped and skilled in dealing with life in general and also advance their career prospects , leading to better life .
Knowledge attainment is a significant aspect of human life and distinguishes us from other life forms .

In my opinion , it is better to specialise in one academic subject than to have a broader knowlede of many academic subjects .
Today 's world is a world of specialist .
Be it economics , politics , culture or education , there is a marathon to become specialist .
With so much competition and significant specialisation of labour , production and manufacturing , it is important to make a niche for oneself and become a specialist in one 's area .

With more globalised world , we are moving towards economic and political integration where the theory of comparative advantage dominates each aspect of human society .
People are not self sufficient and depend on others to fulfil their essential needs .
This leads to better product , better quality at very low or competitive price .
The same is true about knowledge .
With more specialisation of knowledge , people are better equiped to deal with the details and intracacies of a particular subject and thus , can reach higher echlons of society through their knowledge .
On the contrary , generalist would have broad knowledge of many subjects , however would fail to apply the knowledge in the area where special knowledge is required and thus , would stunt their career growth and pursuits in life .

Despite thes arguments , I do feel that one does not have to choose from extreme paths .
The knowledge graph can be a complimentary mix of both , a specialist and a generalist .
One should gather more specialised knowledge in a particular area or subject in the beginning of one 's life and career .
However , as one progresses one can make efforts in acquiring more knowledge about various issues and subjects .
This will help in getting to positions where it is more important to have a macroview of the world than a mere microoverview of impact of decisions made .
For example , it is more important for the politicians to have broader knowledge of many subjects than bureaucrats who are assigned special assignments and are expected to bring about better policies and impact in that area .
Here , a specialist in a particular area will be able to perform a better job that a person with general information ,

Thus , in conclusion , it is better to specialise in one specific subject than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
First , it should be noticed that the statement can be divided into two distinct and independent parts .
A part of the statement says that the best way to travel is in group and an other part of the statment says that it is better to travel with a guide .
These two statments are independent because one can travel alone with a guide or a group can travel without guide .

Concerning the first part of the statement , I personally believe that it is better to travel alone or with a small group for the following reasons .
It is much slower to move frome one place to another with a group ; there is always somone late we have to wait for .
As a result , we spend more time gathering people and waiting for lost persons than actually travelling and seeing the country .
Another reason that leads me to think that travelling alone is better is that it allows you to meet people , which is to my opinion one of the most interesting aspect of a trip .
I like to travel because I enjoy getting in touch with foreign people , I have always been facinated by the diversity in life style that one encounters in our world .
While some people are mostly interested in taking a sunbath on the beach or having parties in night clubs ; I would rather try to exchange ideas an opinions with local inhabitants , which is I admit not always a success .
This is why I prefer to travel on my own since when we are in a group , which are most likely from our home country , we tend to stay with them instead of knowing local people .

Nevertheless , I do not think that being led by a guide is necessarily a bad choice ; a tour guide can show us places that we would never had found by oureselves , especially if the guide comes from the country we are visiting .
But here again , I believe that having a guide for a smaller group is more interesting since we have more opportunities to speak with him and to ask him questions than we would have in a larger group .
It would be even better if the guide is not someone we pay but a good friend ; good firends are the best guides because they what we like and they can therefore adapt the content of the tour to our personal preferences .
I do not agree with the statement that nowdays , young people do not contribute enough time to help their community .
In my opinion , today 's youth is much more aware and responsible to the problems that exist .
Although there are people who like to paint a picture of the youth as being reckless and irresponsible and this might hold true for a certain section of people .
However , the majority of todays youth is more responsible and caring towards the community .

This can be very clearly seen from the fact that most of the organizations that exist today to help various sections of people have been started , owned or are being managed by youngsters .
Also , the majority of people in these organizations who reach out to help the community through various activities belong to an age group of below 30 years .
For example , I went for a charity drive being organized by the CRY ( Child relief and You ) center of Bangalore .
This drive involved going to schools in the rural areas to interact with the under-privileged children and hand them books and other necessary items .
I was amazed to see that out of the 120 people who turned up , around 95 were young people who were either attending college or working .

If we see the many revolutions and oppositions that are taking place in today 's world to oppose either the pollution of the environment due to increased industrialization or depletion of the forest cover or even starting old age homes and orphanages , we can see a general trend that these are being led by young people .

This trend is not only limited to organizations or a group of people .
For example , I have noticed that it 's generally the old people who tend to be a bit careless about littering public places or polluting the environment , at least in my country .
On the other hand there are young people , who go to the extent of cleaning roads and picking up the litter themselves rather than just leaving it to the government .

From an early age , the youth has been made aware of the problems that today 's society faces , thus from a young age they are better equipped to find solutions and lend out a helping hand to these problems .

Thus , I conclude by saying that it 's wrong to make a statement or generalize something based on the behavior of just a small section of people .
Today 's youth is much more responsible to the community .
We are daily surrounded by advertisements ( ads ) , some even say that ads are agressive .
The purpose of advertisements is to make people want to buy it , and by any way possible ; through their designs and through their written messages .

First advertisers are tauhgt the subtelties of advertisement and they learn that the picture is extremely important for the impact of the advertisement on the customer .
Indeed products always look better , tastier on paper or on TV , because of artificial use .
Thanks to retouching and make-up people seem more happy , more thin or more healthy , like on all the photos in the magazines .
And of course people want to look like them and so buy and use what those people on TV or in the papers use .

Another trick used by advertisers to make products look better is the written message that goes with the picture .
It has to stick in watchers 's minds .
However advertisers often tend to say wrong things about their products , they simply lie for giving the impression to watchers that their products are the best .
Hopefully organizations were created in order to fight and to regulate these kind of advertisement .
A lot of advertisements had to be reshoot because they were proved incorrect , they said wrong assumptions about their products , and were banned because they lied and cheated the customer , many were about food products .

Thus products always seem better than in reality because technics are used to give that impression .
It also rises the reliability of all advertisements since you never know wether the picture is fake or no , and make you doubt about the veracity of the advertisement .
But once you know t
Publicity is everywhere in our lives ; it spreads from the billboard across the street to the 5 minutes coming right at peak suspense of our favorite TV show .
The idea of publicity is to make customers want to buy one product .
There are several ways to achieve this goal , whether you make your audience laugh , or you get them excited or thrilled .
The point is to make them feel good about themselves .
For that , as no product itself can do that rightaway , it seems obvious to me that most advertisers to make their products look better than they really are .

First , we can see that there is an issue of subjectiveness as it comes to deciding wether or not a product is shown `` better '' than he really is .
There can be different point of views about the `` goodness '' of a product .
But generally , no product reaches in real life the level of greatness that advertisements show .

What is interesting to notice is that people are wholly aware of the exagerations that advertisements provide , but they agree to think that it is part of the game .
No one actually believes everything that is shown on television .
They know they wo n't yum everytime they eat a yoghurt , and they wo n't have an orgasm everytime they drink their coffee .

This system preserve itself .
If an advertisement has hard time sticking strictly to its product real qualities , the product will look flat compared to the other products displayed .
It shows that an advertisement does have to emphasize and improve the qualities of the product it is advertising for .
Of course there are legal limitations to the extense advertisers can get in making their product look good : This is important not to get into lies as far as quality is concerned .

To conclude , I think that it is in the essence of advertisement to show people an idealistic world
While there may be some advantages to learing many disciplines of academic subjects , I think that it is much better to study specifi subject .
There are two reasons for this : its practicality and its effectiveness .

First of all , the reason why It is much more beneficial to study specified subjects rather than broader areas comes from its practicality .
For example , it will be much easier to find a good job if you concentrate on studying a limited area of academic subjects .
A recent survay shows that about 80 % of large firms in Japan want people who have their own specialities not broader knowledge of many academic areas .
In addition , it is much easiler to help other people if you focus on studying a narrow area of academic subjects .
From my experience , I found it true .
For example , I could contribute to a group work by using my expertise that is mass media studies .
The study group that researches on the effect of the animation in Japan after the Second World War , needs some people whose expertise is the recent history of the animation .
because my major is deeply related to the subject , I could help them .
It is obvious that it is very difficult to support them without concentrating on the specific area .

Secondly , another reason why it is much more advantageous to learn a specific area results from its effectiveness .
It is clear that it is difficult to remember all of the area that you have laerned before .
According to a scientific data , your brain much more effectively memorizes a specified subject instead of a broader areas in the long run .
Therefore , it must be a waste of time to study a broad range of accademic areas .
Furthermore , it is also evident that focusing on a specific subject leads to learing a broader area of academic subjects .
Many great scholars such as Kant , asserted that it is essential to scrutinize a specific area to understand the broader areas .
I found it true form my experience , too .

In conclusion , I agree with the idea that it is much more beneficial to specialize a specific subject because of its practicality and effectiveness .
Everyday I leave my house for school , I see a car .
I see many cars .
As a matter of fact , i nearly get hit by many cars .
They have become as much a part of my life as food .
Also like food , I forsee much , much more of them in the future , and for much the same reason .
People like food .
People want more food .
Therefore , they are going to make more of it .

Some believe that cars will lessen out in the next two decades due to new , cheaper means of transportation , such as the segway or aurplances .
However , virtually every household in America possesses at least one such vehicle , often two .
I do n't think people are going to throw away their beloved sedan simply because someone recently invented a new fancy toy that rolls on two wheels and requires no gas .
They simply put too much money into their cars , spent too much time with them , to throw them away for the next new fad .
When the cars break own , they 'll probably jsut buy a new one instead of giving a new invention a try , since they prefer familiarity over the unknown .

People often complain about how cars create pollution , with all the fuels they burn , the exhaust they produce , and all the wasted metal when they break down or outlive themselves .
Despite all of this , people still buy hondas , BMWs , and ferraris like crazy .
People do n't care about the polution problem enough to quit driving and take up biking , and major car companies squish their fears by insisting that they are producing more efficent , cleaner cars even as they speak .
Therefore , I believe it 's safe to conclude that the number of cars will actually rise within twenty years , not drop .

As gasoline prices have shot up , the number of people buying cars have dropped slightly , but not by enough for anyone to really notice .
As the demand for motor oil increases , so will the number of enterprises that go out searching for the stuff .
Thus , if anything , the oil supply will increase in twenty years .
Even if they fail to find anymore gasoline resveres , the car companies will most likely develop cars that run off other fuels , such as hydrogen , fuel cells , or simply electricity .
As the fuel gets cheap , so will the cars .
As the cars get cheaper , peopel start buying more .

Cars will not lessen within the next twenty years , unless they invent a new vehicle that makes the beloved automobile obselete .
People simply love their cars to much to care about how neat the newest invention is , or how much pollution it generates , or how much gasoline prices have rised .
I agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
There are several reasons as follows which are all pointing in the same direction , less cars will be in our streets in the future .

First of all , since there will be scarce amount of oil reserves there will be more public transportation as faster trains and underwater tunnels between long distances .
There will be alternative and cheap substances , fuels or mechanisms to function vehicles which will be environment friendly at the same time but since research for new fuels and loss of auotomotive companies because of scarce resources of oil will cause high costs for buying alternative efficient cars .

With respect to current technology and consumption preferences of people in the market , it can be assumed that in the future people will prefer easier lives than today .
Clearly , traffic always causes stress in poeple and sometimes makes it impossible to reach everywhere .
So , new generations wo n't be prefering cars that easily .
Instead of going somewhere with a car in traffic , they will meet in internet , make video conferences , use audios , etc. with respect to their goals in travelling .

Instead of using cars , they will prefer to use air transportation which is faster .
In the future , there will be new methods of air transfer , different kinds of vehicles transferring people in the air .

One other point is that , in the short run , streets and parking lots will not be enough for more cars and people will start complaining about having cars which will be a sign of future generations having of less cars .
Another point is that in the future people will be spending more time at home causing less reasons to travel with a car like working home office and having lectures in online schools instead of traditional classes so they wo n't be going to work or school .

Finally , in the long run , people will find a new way to transmit molecules and bodies , so they wo n't need any other mediums of transportation .
To sum up , future will bring us less cars and respectively no cars and thus happier people who are using alternative ways for transportation instead of car .
thinking that the students of today will be the people that will rule the world tomorrow makes me agree partially with the statement .
Infact , what would happend if two leaders of two different countries had to solve a problem concerning international relations .
If they only based their decision on facts that happened in the past , instead of analyzing and understanding the problem , they would probably take the wrong decision .
Nevertheless the same thing would probably happend if they did not consider or know any solution to past problems similar to the one they are facing now .

If a student is capable of understanding ideas and concepts he will be able to manage any situation regarding those ideas and concepts .
He will be able to analyze and study the problem in depth and , at the end , come out with a `` tailor made '' solution .
This is important because if you only learn facts you treat every similar situation in the same way , with the same solution , wich will probably be the wrong one .
This is because every situation is peculiar , it has millions of different variables , and , to solve a problem concerning that situation you have to know most of them , and that happens only if you understand the concepts that are behind that precise situation .

However , learning facts is important because if you do not rely on past experiences as a pattern for future decisions it is likely to take the wrong decision anyway .
What I would like to point out is the fact that both of these approach on how students should study are necessary because they compensate each other .
If you combine the them you increase drastically the possibility of finding a solution to problems concerning a topic because you understood the concepts and ideas that are behind it and you can compare a possible solution with the solutions that somebody else took for a similar problem .
In my opinion , a balanced mixture of both the two methods would be the best solution , that is why I only partially agree with the statement .
Generally speaking I fully agree with the statement that students should focus on grasping the underlying bases of a concept than to know all facts by heart .

My main reason for having that opinion is because today 's strucure of information flow is fast and constantly changing .
Today there are masses of information available through new technologies e.g. via the internet .
New findings are constantly published and replace information that has previously been accepted .

Therefore , to me it no longer makes sense for a student to memorize all facts by heart .
It is rather necessary that basic knowledge about a studying field and related investigating methods are taught in schools and university .
As stated above facts are subject to changes and revision but with a profound basic understanding students will be able to absorb new facts and integrate them in their knowledge of the world .
This way they are able to successfully face challenges , that find solutions to problems that have not been addressed to yet .
If one needs to refer to facts , students can look those up in lexicas or consult internet sources .

These are the main points why I think it is crucial for students to have a basic understanding and how different topics are related to each other , to know aspect that they have in common and where they differ .
It 's more a net of knowledge .

However this does not imply that fact knowledge is worthless and I can think of areas where it is crucial to have the information instantly available .
To illustrate this thought one can think of a doctor in the emergency section in hospital .
This is a situation where time is a limited recourse and seconds might decide whether a patient lives or dies .
Here the doctor should know all facts about medicine and consequences of action when treating the patient .
The same is true for pilots and other critical professions .

To sum it up as stated above a general understanding of a field is more important for students , considering later challenges in life , than to be able to recite information an failing to come to the core of an idea .
However as the example of a doctor in the ambulance shows some basic information need to instantly accessible in situation when time is scarce .
I agree with the statement for several reasons and I will try to explain them through my personal experience .
I 'm really convinced that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concept than it is for them to learn facts .
While attending my University I had the chance to study many different matters and all of them equipped me with a multitudo of skills .
Most of the researches I carried out for my university studies were related to the International Law which I am very passionate about .
I took every single exam that could give me the chance to deepen my knowledge about international topics .
Thus , my studies included elements of International Law , Comparative Law , European Law ...

Upon obtaining my degree in law , it has been my goal to work in an internationa organisation and today I believe that those skills I learned at University will play sooner or later an important role in my working future .
To tell the truth , my hard study from university has already played an important role and this is the reason why I am positive that acquiring and understanding ides and concepts before learning facts is important for students .

If I had not studied the basics of International Law at university , I would have not been able to pass the selections for an internship at the Europea Parliament .
In fact , the students who wanted to apply for an internship whithin the European Parliament had to demonstrate to know how this international organization works in theory .
Only the students who were able to pass the test would attend the internship .

Since I studied hard before applying for that position and I knew well the structure of the most important European institutions , I managed to pass the selections .
I went to Bruxelles where I spent the most exciting time in my life thanks to my study done earlier at university .
After the internship I also acquired pratical knowledge of the European Parliament , which has added something useful to my whole preparation .

It is then important , in my opinion , for students to pay attention to ideas and concepts .
There is an old saying which states -

`` Jack of all trades and master of none ''

I personally believe that being jack of all trades and master of none would never do any good to anyone .

This leads to my disagreement with the given statement which states it is better to have broad knowledge of many fields than to specialize in one specific subject .

I do not deny the fact that it is important for one to have a broad knowledge of various academic subjects , but in no way is it better than to specialize in one specific subject .

Academics is all about gaining knowledge .
Ever since our childhood , we are taught various subjects .
Initially a child is taught the basics and then gradually the intricacies of the subject would be taught .
On one hand , where it is good to know the basics of a subject , on the other hand it also becomes very important to attain specialization in one particular area of one 's interest .

It is said ` Half knowldege is a dangerous thing ' .

When you know something of every thing and nothing of one particular thing , it might result in serious disaster .

For example , if a medical student who has not pursued his masters in nuerology is made to give a treatment to a patient with nervous breakdown , then , with his limited knowledge of whatever nuerology was taught to the him in his initial years of pursuing medicine , the student might end up in taking the patient 's life altogether .

What patient needs is not a person with varied knowledge in different streams , but a nuero surgeon who is a specialist .

Another reason why it becomes important to attain specialization is the fact that every body is blessed with one or the other skill .
And so , a complete justice must be made to whatever skill one is blessed with .
Now this can only be achieved if the person shows perseverance and dedication towards his potential in the skill and attains expertise in it .

For instance , a work which is done by a carpentar could never be done with the same finnese by a plumber , how ever talented the plumber might be .

Each one of us have our own talents and skills and so we must pursue them further till the skills reach pinnacle of finnese and perfection .

Primarily , if only a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is given to a student and the students decides not to go for perfection , he would not only end up messing his own life , but also of many others surrounding him .

The whole world would then be filled up with many people who know many things , tits and bits of every thing but the indepth knowledge would be misisng .

This would mean , there would be no doctors , no lawers , no engineers and no researches .

Where as , the specialization would enhance one 's capability , one talent and potential and make this whole world a lot better place to live in .

Conclusion :
It is important for a students or an individiual to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects but what is more important is to gain specialization in one of the fields which interests or appeals the most to the student .
This would not only place the entire education system in an order but would also result in a highly talented pool of individuals who would be of some worth to the society and inturn would become its priced assets .

An indepth knoweldge is always better than having half acquired knowledge .
Where on one hand the latter could destoy the civilization , the former would develop the whole civilzation and would make this whole world a much better place to live in .
I agree with the opinion thjat young prople og today 's world are not that inclined towards community services as was the scenario some decades ago .
Multifarious factors might have contributed in this gradual change of attitude .
Factors worth listing include social and political ones .

Young people theses days are more career oriented .
The jobs of today 's hustling world consumes most of their time .
Little is the time they are left with .
Imagine an employee at some multinational company who has to work day in and day out to survive his post .
The stresses and tensions involved and the immense competition at his work place make it almost impossible to get some spare time for himself .
And that spare time too has to be divided judicially among family matters , recreation and the list will continue .
Still , there are people who , inspite of all these offsets , try to contribute as much as they can for community services .
But , this is for sure a limiting factor that discourages one to get involved with social services .

Another fact that might be propounded here , is that over the years there is a gradual chane in the thinking and psycholgical make-up of the society as a whole .
For example , a young aspirant who wishes to pay an equal importance to his work , his recreation , his community service , his family , might be let down by his peers who do n't think these ideals fit enough in the modern world .
It can be alet down , however , it depends on one 's discretion only what to follow then .

Various organisations have come up all over the world that cater to needs of society .
It is true that it is difficult for these organisations to attract young people .
Rarely do they find individuals who want to work selflessly expecting no exorbitant rewards .
The younger generation has many alternatives before it to consider for its livelihood in the developing world of today .
The lack of lucre in this field might also be a factor discouraging the younger lot to enter in community services .
In this essay , I will alternatively consider the pros and cons of travelling in a group lead by a tour guide , and of travelling alone , independently .
I will come to the conclusion that it is both more gratifying and more profitable to travel by your own .
I will illustrate my point of view with the experience I have of travelling alone in Brazil .

One can think that having one 's trip organized by a tour guide offers many advantages .
When one visits a foreign country whose language and culture one completely ignores , being led by a professional , and being part of a group of tourists , can make one feel more secure .
For instance , the guide will help the tourists interact with the local population , playing the role of an interpret .
He will also lead the tourists in places he will have chosen for their cultural value and their safety .

Unfortunately , these very advantages are likely to impoverish one 's trip .
Firstly , the journey being both controled by the guide , and dependent on the dynamics of the group , one will not have an occasion to adapt the trip to his own interests .
And as one will rely on the services of the guide , one will mostly remain passive .

On the other hand , travelling alone might seem to be more dangerous , or at least more uncertain .
No one will take care of you , no one ( except maybe guide books ) will tell you where to go and who to talk to during you travel .
But the freedom you will gain will allow you to make your trip exactly what you want it to be .
And since you will have to organize yourself , since will have to face and solve unexpected problems , you will gain a lot of experience .

My trip to Brazil taught me that .
Last year I left France , all by myself , to spend several months in Brazil .
There , I had to do everything by myself .
I had to find a job to earn money , I had to look for accomodation , I had to meet people with whom I had no previous contact , and make new friends .
And I had to decide what it was that I wanted to do there , where to go , what kind of life to live .
All of this was a real challenge , but I learned a lot from it .

Really , I think that travelling alone is more positive
Many people are called specialists because they are specialized in one specific subject .
I think specialists are needed in the society to figure out solutions for many problems .
However , I agree with the statement that it is better to hav broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

Only a few initelligent people can be specialists .
Specializing in one certain subject is very hard and requires much concentration on it and intelligence for it .
Ordinally people cannot compete with such intelligent people who are very into it .
Also , they must be bored to do one thing continuously and forever .
Intelligent people can do the specialized work and solving problems for others too .

Knowing wide range of things helps socialize people .
People cannot communicate without common topics .
Broad knowledge gives people a lot of ideas of topic and enables communicate whoever show up .
For example , a couple of people are enjoying talking about English literatures .
If one knows some about them , one can get in the conversation as well .
On the other hand , if one has no idea with them , one can never find a way to communicate with them .

Knowledge of many academic subjects gives many choices to people .
If a person has knowledge of math , English , and laws , he or she can pick any one of them .
If a person specialized in one subject , he or she cannot change his or her mind in the middle of the way .
It is scary if a person realizes his or her interest is different from what he or she specialized in .
That is because she or he has no knowledge about anything else .
He or she needs go back to the very first stage of the other choice .

Overall , people need to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjecet because intelligents can specialize one subject for other people , broad knowledge helps to communicate with other people , and people can get change their mind whenever they want .
Consdering how rapidly the technology is advancing , I believe that the use of cars will be greatly reduced twenty years from now .

At every passing moment , scientists are coming up with new ideas to make people 's lives easier .
Currently , one of the challenges that await them is the ease of transportation .
For longer distances , the planes are highly efficient means of transportation , but for shorter distances , we are bound to use cars or similar vehicles like buses .

There are already steps taken towards this issue .
The `` Ginger '' , also known as Segway , was invented for people to travel short distances quicker and without hassle .
I am confident that better variations of it will be created in twenty years ' time .
These may include flying vehicles , which can be easily navigated even through streets .

At first , they may not be appealing either due to their prices or due to non-familiarity , but after a period of adaptation , they would be more commonly used and eventually they would replace cars .
This is exactly what happened to horse-ridden vehicles when the first car was introduced at the beginning of the twentieth century .

Moreover , there is an increasing concern for air pollution generated by the excessive use of cars .
People are getting more inclined to use alternative methods of transportation like bicycles .

It is true that some people are not aware the impacts of the pollution generated by cars .
However , they are , too , getting reluctant to drive a car since the oil prices are increasing rapidly , whereas the oil sources are depleting rapidly .
The traditional car will be of no use when there will be no fuel left to run it from twenty to thirty years from now .
There will be vehicles running with alternative energy sources , but I believe that they will not be considered as cars in the traditional sense .

When all of these different factors are brought together , I can say that people will willingly give up using cars one way or the other , reducing the number of cars that are in use in twenty years ' time .
In my opinion , I strongly believed that in a close future there will be more cars in use than nowadays .
I support this statement because of all the thinks that I see each day of my life .

To begin , the population of the world is increasing each day .
This situation is concentrated in Africa and Asia .
The previsions for the future population in these counties are that it is going to growth and it is not going to stop .

I have also notice that the number of cars sold in these countries are increasing very fats and the number of person for each car is decreasing .
That mean that in a few years they are going to approuch and reach the US and Europe statistics about the number of slof cars per inhabitant .

Another reason why I thing there will be more cars in the future is that the cars are becoming less and less expensive due to the competiveness of the car market and of the new technologies that allows car constructors to produce at a lower price than ever .
So , it is much more easier to have a car now that 5 years ago .
I think that this situation is not going to change and I am sure that this situation is going to be implemented .

Furthermore , the proportion of people who lives in the big cities is increasing not only in Asia and Africa but also in Europe and the US and the percentage of people for each car in the cities is much bigger than in the countryside .
So it will cause and increasing of cars in use .

To conclude , the increasing in the population of the world and the proportion of people who lives in the cites , the amelioration of the technologies and the are three reasons why I disagree with the statement that say that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I support the argument that young people do not give enough time helping their communities .
In today 's context and scenario the concept of benevolence and brotherhood no longer exist .
The youngsters these days have become so obsessed with the materialistic pleasures that they tend to overlook or appreciate the environment they have been brought up in .
They are part of a rat race and constantly competing with their contemporaries so as to get ahead of them .
They seem least bothered when it comes to actually doing something for the benefit of someone else .
It is the `` I , Me , Myself '' scenario that prevails today .

I can say from personal experience that the essence of belonging to a community is lost let alone helping others !
In the stranglehold of societal demands , we are all subjected to just working for ourselves , to achieve as much as possible - more perhaps , if achievable !
Its all about goals , targets and results .
We seem to have forgotten that at the end of the day , we , the human race must live in cooperation and share a symbiotic relationship with every other being .
We must learn to ` give ' and not just ` take ' - For the sake of morality if nothing else !
But morals and principles are a thing of the past , long gone and forgotten .

We tend to forget that only when we give something do we get something in return .
But again , just for our own selfish reasons we must not resort to helping anybody else .
The realisation must come from within , it must be like an awakening that would lead us to helping others , sharing with others and creating an amible and comfortable environment .
As citizens of a community , it is our responsibility to give other members their due .

It is indeed the need of the day to reinstute the values of helping others for the upliftment of society and the entire human community .
To my mind the statement at hand is a very important issue to discuss .
From my perspective , it seems reasonable to say that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well .

The first point to support my view is that only if new ideas are put into practice , new fields of studies and areas of business can start to exist and emerge .
Suppose , Bill Gates had not taken the risk to start his business at the start of his career .
If he had not taken the step to try a new thing and to take up a business risk , he now would not have been the famous and rich person that he actually is in the presence .
Due to these circumstances ( his status and the amount of money that he has earned ) , Bill Gates is now considered to be a very successful business person .
Thus , he is a perfect example to show how trying new things can determine the success of a person .

Another argument to support the statement is the fact that in today 's highly competitive market it is not enough anymore to be good at what you are doing .
Competitors who will offer the customers better and more innovative services will steal the customers from businesses which are only good at what they are doing but which are not improving and innovating their services .
An example of this can be seen in the fast food industry .
If Mc Donalds had not reacted to the customers ' wish for healthier products , Mc Donalds would have lost its own customers to its competitors .
Therefore , one can see that successful business people continously think how to excel and how to outcompete their competitors .
This , though , they can often only do by offering new services and goods to the clients .

When trying new things , the risk taken does not only include a downside but in particular an upside potential .
Thus , when talking about riks of trying new things , one also talks about the great outcomes that a new idea can generate .
As successful people are usually convinced that their new idea will be successful , the upside potential is very high in contrast to a low downside potential .
Successful people , one can add , try new things and take risks considering the potential outcomes beforehand .

To sum it up , the above mentioned arguments support the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they are already good at doing .
One could add to the statement that successful people consider the risk to be taken beforehand and thus decrease the downside potential of trying new things .
This combination makes people successful .
In accomplishing something that is risky comes the reward of success .
With success comes satisfaction , envy , prosperity , and confidence .
I believe that the human race would not be the same without the risks that some of our great inventors and leaders took .
It even takes great courage and confidence to be a successful businessman .
Going where no man has gone separates the great from the norm .

The best example of a risk taker that became successful is Bill Gates .
Not only is he the richest man in the world , he created something that almost everyone in the modern world uses , Windows .
Had Bill Gates stayed with Apple and graduated Harvard , who knows what the screen on our desktops would look like ?
Instead , he did exactly the opposite , he took a chance .
Bill took a huge risk by going out on his own to create a program that was not well known at the time it was introduced .
A few years later , Windows became the standard in the computer industry .
Unfortunately , Apple , Bill 's former employer , rejected his program when it was asked to get bought and suffered a huge loss in potential profits by `` doing what they already know how to do well . ''

Even the land of America would not have been discovered and colonized if risks were not taken .
The American pilgrims took a risk in leaving everything behind and starting a new life in an unknown territory .
Then came the Declaration of Independence .
This was a document that accused the forefathers of America with treason .
Had they not taken the chances of complete failure and war against the biggest military power at that time , America may not be the supreme power that it is now .

Even if one fails a thousand time before reaching their goal , the feeling of success is something nobody can take away from them .
Sticking to something that one already knows is not a bad thing , but it will never let a person shine or stick out from the rest - success .
At the beginning of the 21st century , the increasing number of cars in use worldwide is a key environmental issue .
It does not only affect the level of pollution in the air but it also amplifies the green house effect and it seriously endangers the sustainability of the earth 's energy ressources .
Although some important signs show a general willigness to reduce the number of cars in use , I believe the current trend is very difficult to change .

On the one hand , it is visible that there are clear forces trying to influence the increase in the number of cars .
The environmental consciousness of the public is more important than ever and could be a good driver for the reduction of the number of cars as citizens themselves decide to not use or use less frequently their cars to protect the environment .
There are also several policies put in place by givernments , mostly in Western countries , to try to reduce the usage of cars .
These policies include for instance , the development of public transports , the closure of some roads or city centers to cars or incentives given to drivers to share btheir cars to go to work .

However , I belive other factors will hamper the reduction of the number of cars in use .

In fact , one important reality once has to face is that the environment concern is more widespread in Western countries , which do not represent the majority of the earth populiation .
In parallel to the environmental movements that are growing in developped countries , there are many developping countries that are growing very fast .
And people in those countries seems to be very eager to achieve the same standards of living as we have in western countries , and this includes access to cars .

For all those resons , I do n't belive the number of cars in use will decrease in the next twenty years although it is necessary to achieve a sustainable development of the planet .
The number of cars in use across the world has been growing steadily for the past fifty years , and one might naively expect that the number will keep increasing .
However , a more careful examination of the factors that affect the number of cars indicates that over the coming years , it is likely that the number of cars across the world will decline .
In particular , improved telecommunication , improved public transport facilities , rising fuel prices , and rising concern for pollution and congestion are likely to lead to a decline in car use .

Let us first examine some of the causes for the rapid growth in car use in recent times .
First , improved technology has resulted in reduced costs of car construction , and increased affluence of people has resulted in greater capacity to purchase cars .
Second , road networks have permeated cities and villages across the world , hence people are much more tempted to buy cars .
However , both these factors might be nearing their saturation point , now that road networks already very extensive and cars are within a range of affordability for many .

Another important factor in the growth of car use over the last fifty years is the increasingly hurried and rapid pace of life where people are expected to be available at any date , any place and any time .
People with the money have often preferred to buy their own cars rather than be at the mercy of erratic public transport .

However , the same hurried pace of life may now operate against cars .
With improved underground railway networks in major cities , and increased road congestion , many people have started prefering a train or bus commute to driving their own car through traffic .
In addition to public transport , many companies and organizations now run transport services for their own employees , which helps promote timeliness as well as discipline among employees .
Availing such transport facilities frees people of precious time and energy that would have gone into driving .

The teenage generation of today has seen the congestion of roads , pollution and rising fuel prices that have been brought about by an overuse of automobiles .
When these teenagers grow up and become the working class of society , they will thus keep in mind the adverse effects of car proliferation and many of them may refrain from getting or using their own vehicles .

Another important factor that will lead to a decline in car use is the rapid growth of telecommunication that will render a lot of transportation irrelevant .
Today , people can do a lot over email , telephone , instant messaging , and the Internet .
A person can shop while sitting at home , keep in touch with close relatives , and even participate in live discussions .
Thus , the need for instantaneous mobility will reduce significantly .

To summarize , I feel that car use is likely to decline over the coming years , both due to a recognition of the inherent problems with car proliferation and due to the emergence of viable alternatives for quick transportation and easy accessibility .
I agree with this statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . ''
Since the society we live in has changed with time , people nowadays spend more time establishing their own affairs and therefore they are easily tended to ignore the needs of other people , and young people are no exception .
In fact , young people spend most of their time concerning about their studies , their future careers , and they might be too busy to give time to help their communities .

Take Taiwan , my homecountry , as an example .
It is surely a very small island in the world , but meanwhile , there are still many people on this island .
The population density is astonishing .
Therefore , people here need to work or study hard in order to compete with others , and that might take them much time .
Young people in Taiwan need to worry about the school exams they are taking everyday and the future careers they are going to pursue .
They spend so much time at home studying or going to the cram schools that they only have little time for themselves , not to mention for their communities .

What 's more , people nowadays live more in apartments than in houses .
That is why they have fewer chances to communicate and interact with other people .
People living in apartments or mansions may not see the necessity of giving time to helping their communities or they may even think that there is no need for them to do so .
Indeed , it is nice to help the community , but not giving time to the community does not have any difference .

According to the reasons and examples I menioned above , I do agree with that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communites .
And that will remain as a current trend in the present time and also in the future .
Studying can be a great pain for many students , and it is true that many doubt the purpose of learning throughout the course .
I believe learining is an important process in which I can incorporate more information and enrich myself , therefore I believe studying in general is important .
However , I believe understanding the basic ideas has to come before learning facts , which is usually more simple and interesting .

For instance , I have know many friends who do not have strong base for the mathematic : they have difficulties in solving basic calculation such as multiplication with fractions .
Also , when a student has difficulty in understanding , it is likely to cause her to lose interest in study .
Thus , lack of the basic knowledge may lead students to lose the will to study .
When those who lack the basic knowledge learn facts , those facts may not seem so appealing because they are not familiar .

However , learning facts can be more entertaining .
And moreover , I believe its effect is the most apparent in the study of history .
For example , I strongly believe that I would not be so interested in studying history , or World War II in particular , if it was not for the background knowledge I have gained throughout the life .
Because I have seen a documentary about Anne Frank and Holocaust , the information provided in the classroom seem a lot more interesting and familiar , giving me a will to learn more about the subject .

Although some people may not realize the great importance of the presence of interests , I believe students should persue strong base for each subjects through understanding the ideas step by step .
I believe interests are greatest factor which would bring changes to the students ' attitudes , and more importantly , their will to study .
And I do enjoy knowing and persuing trivias .
However , as a student and for my ability to study pleasantly , I believe it is more important to have a great understanding in the genral ideas rather than learning facts by bits , for collection of the facts is less likely to make sense .
But I would like to stress that understanding of general ideas and learning facts can be interdependent for enjoyable study .
In contemporary society , specialization in one specific subject tends to be the most common thing .
Some people spend all of their lives studying a particular year of the life of a king , or some kind of abstract things related to an unknown topic of algebraic topology .
This kind of people tend to extremely focus their point of view on a single topic , and to examinate it in every side .
I think that such an approach to an academic subject is a bit limitating .
In my opinion , one should have a broad knowledge of many academic topics , rather than fossilize himself on a single point of a matter .

First of all , I think that everyone should have a personal amount of knowledge , and be prepared at least on the basic things .
Everyone should know , for example , that the earth orbits the sun and not viceversa !!
Some people , instead , may know everything about the poetry in South Italy between 1900 and 1910 , but ignoring at all such a basic thing .
This is rather an extreme example , but it is what happens in practice .

Another point pro having a broad knowledge of many subjects is the fact that there are many things that diserve to be studied .
The world and human history are so rich in beautiful things , that I think it is a crime to not take them in consideration .

An objection to what I am saying could be made : such a way to proceed , that is to fly from a flower to another like a bee , could lead to nowhere .
Acting this way would bring nothing more to society .
No improvements can be reach .
My opinion is that to invent something new , it is necessary to grasp relationships between things .
For example , it is the contrast between Classical Mechanics and Electromagnetism that lead to the theory of Relativity .
No one would have though to Relativity if thinking to Classical Mechanics or Electromagnetism separately .

For this reason , I think that everyone should have a global point of view about what is around him , and that a broad knowledge is better than a specialization on a limited , specific subject .
Academic education has always been a debated issue because it deals with lots of purposes .
One main point that is being more and more discussed is if it is better to acquire knowledge in many academic subjects or to specialize in a specific subject .
We will see that even if a specialized academic curriculum can be rewarded , having knowledge of many subjects can help to be open-minded and can be useful in daily life and society .

First , avoiding specialization at school or at university permits to develop curiosity and to have an opened mind .
Indeed , could you imagine what would be the consequence of only teaching biology to a ten-year-old child ?
He would only focuse all his life on that subject .
I believe that is the same for academic subjects .
We must learn a lot from others subjects that the one we are going to work on all life .
Having classes of history or economics can help you to remain interested in different subjects .

Moreover , the more the knowledge is diverse the more it is easy to face real situation .
Only learning at university does not always help to know how to behave in specific situations .
By attending to a diverse range of courses , this lead to a faster adaptation and understanding of the environment .
For instance , a manager should have learnt different aspects of the economic business .
If he only focuses on acconting , he will not be able to understand the Marketing team with which he will have to work .

However , it is necessary at a time to be specialized in one subject .
To take the example of a plummer , he needs to be sure of he is doing to to work .
If we did n't have to specialized , everybody should know how to produce a pen or how to repair a car .

Though I fully agree that sometimes it is relevant to specialize in a specific subject , I still believe that it is necessary to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects because it permits to be curious and open-minded , to know how to behave in new environment and in daily life .
It is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts for students .
There are two advantages : students can get flexible ideas , and facts are not going to disappear forever .

First , students should understand ideas and concepts .
Because we need a lot of information , we have to go in society when we become an adult .
For example , we are not going to stay at same situation .
This means , we are going to be in any situation .
Specificly , we will be in a company , at the time we will get so many kind of information or situation .
When we are in the situation , we are not going to use facts ideas .
This means , If we learn facts , it is useless for our futures .
In society , we need many kind of ideas and concepts to slove a problem .
It is more useful than facts .
For this we need to understand ideas first of all .

The second advantage is that when we are young , we can imagine so many things which adults people can not imagine .
As we know , children has soft brain .
The means , they can discover new ideas .
However , almost all adult people can not imagine flexible ideas , like children , becasue they have a not soft brain .
In addition , we can learn facts whenever we want .
Becasue facts will never disappear , we should pick up precious one between flexible ideas or facts which will never disappear .
Of course , flexible ideas is more important than facts .
If we understand ideas and concepts , we will be succeed in society , becasue company bosses want to get new things to develop their company .
Bosses do not need facts , because they also might have facts already .

For these reasons , understand ideas and concepts is more important than learn facts .
In society , we do not need facts , which everyone might know .
People need flexible ideas .
We need to understand ideas to get flexible ideas .
This communicate which understand ideas means we can get flexible ideas .
There are three reasons why I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
It is becuase I believe that students will not be able to learn the facts unless they understand its ideas and concepts , it is very likely for them to forget the facts if they skip the step to understand ideas and concepts , and if they have no knowledge on how the fact becomes a fact they will not be able to teach or explain it to other people .

Firstly , the pupils will not be able to learn the facts completely unless they understand ideas or concepts since the facts are formed from the concepts .
I cannot imagine myself learning a fact and understanding it perfectly without the knowledge of its background .

Secondly , the facts that are being learned will not remain in the students ' heads just by memorizing them .
Unless they understand the ideas and concepts of it , they will soon forget it , for example after the unit test is over .
That will definitely not benefit their lives in the future and it would mean that the time they spent on learning the fact was meaningless afterall .

Lastly , the students who learn the facts without understanding the concepts and ideas will not be able to teach or explain about the topic to others .
I feel that it is a shame for them , and I will be embarrased if I am in a situation where I cannot make a thorough explanation when I should know something about it .

In conclusion , I agree to the statement `` it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. '' because students cannot learn facts without understanding ideas and concepts , the facts will not benefit them without the knowledge of the background , and they will not be able to teach and explain to their peers when they do not have the understanding of ideas and concepts .
I believe that to understand ideas and concepts is an unneccessary step to be skipped .
When people talk about traveling , most people will want to join a group which will be led by a tour guide .
I always ponder on the reason why they make such an ignorant decision .
With a tour guide , one can hardly have enough time to appreciate the traveling , with a tour guid , one can no longer be free , and with a tour guid , one has to pay .

In my life , my first travel was to New York and i thought of it as a horrible trip , because i was basically like a robot which was controlled by the tour guide .
Even buying a icecream across the street needed his permission .
I knew that he did n't want any of his client be lost , but i was totally restrained under his rule .
I no longer felt that i was on a trip which i was supposed to enjoy .

The first monument that i visited was the Liberal Bell which was protected by some special glasses .
With that godlike tour guide , i can hardly read any information on this bell .
Before having read about its derivation , i was `` told '' to leave , because the bus was leaving .
If i did n't have that tour i would have learned so much about this wonderful bell whille enjoying the trip .

When we arrived at the Hotel which we were going to sleepover tonight , i was `` told '' not to leave the hotel .
I felt that i was restained in this `` jail '' .
It was so absurd to me that i was not free on my own trip .
It was not that i could not speak english and would have language barrier between the people .
With this limit freedom , i could barely do anything .

When i reached the end of this `` wonderful '' trip , i needed to pay this guide who spoiled my trip money .
The whole concept of having a tour guide is ridiculous .

People may feel unsecured without having a guide but that 's part of our life .
Nobody goes to a strange place and immediately , he knows everything .
Trip without a tour guide is a true vacation .
One can freely walk on the street to view the wonderful city , New York .
One can interact with the people on the street without any worry of time limit , and one can truely enjoy one 's vacation .
Young people are usually full of life , and need that extra bit of excitement in life to make the life more meaningful and rewarding .
But , seeing today 's changing corporate habits , one can certainly notice that having fun and enjoying life is now more of a global attitude , whether that be somebody old or young .
But , the people driving this changing mindset , are certainly the younger minds in the business .

If one considers example of one of the major software companies in India and the world , Infosys , one can get a clear idea of how the corporate mindset and behavious is changing with time .
People , young or old , working day and night for the company are continuously looking to get a change in their life , may be by taking a break during the day to play table-tennis with one of the colleagues , or may be by organizing weekend parties at the nearby resort .
This drastic change , in fact is happening across all businesses and societies .
But the changing mindset is certainly coming because of the incoming of the new generation of people in these fields .

The young crowd is certainly the one which like to enjoy life the most , and in fact do so .
One look at any of the city 's most happening clubs and parties , and we can notice the number of young people frolicking those places .
This has brought a sea of change among the mindest of the whole society , and is now even entering the coporate boardrooms .

But , the fact also remains that life is not just about parties and get togethers .
Some people also get the enjoyment of their lives by being engaged in their work .
These people who have the passion for their work , and the drive to excel in the field , see their enjoyments in the work itself .
This can be proved from the example of Sir Richard Branson , who has continuously tried to develop his passion into his work and is hence reaping the rewards of the hard work done all this time .
Such people redefine the age related dilemma about enjoying life , as it brings into the picture more older than younger people who seem to be enjoying their life .

In conclusion , I believe that enjoyment of life is not a factor of someone 's age but instead a factor of the activity which defines ` Enjoyment ' to a particular person .
But , since the change is brought forward in today 's society by the young generation only , there is a majority of younger people who enjoy their life more than their older counterparts .
SUCCESS
In today 's situation , people are trying to be more successful than any other area since the competition between people has been increasing .
There are some different ways to be successful in business , and some other ways for social life .
May be some other factors can be explained for some other areas .
However , in general , they all have something in common .
To be successful in life , people should try new things and take risks .
In other words , people should break their limits that surround them .
Two main reasons can be explained why people should try new things and take risks to be successful .

Firstly , people can turn their money into a fortune only by taking some risks , in general .
For instance , if there is a businessman who sells and buys cars can do it forever , but he is called only a businessman .
If another man in the same business ( buying and selling cars ) comes and makes an investment on selling trucks by taking some risks , he would not only make his profit doubled but also increse his status in the community unless he loses all his money after that investment .
The second man should be considered as a successful one since he tries to make his job larger by investing another service to the community .

Secondly , some opportunities can be reached only by people who take risks .
For example , if a student is involved in a study or project group about his topic .
He can give best as he knows which make the project work .
On the other hand , if he tries to learn new things , he may be able to widen his prospect about his project .
By this way , he has something that he can carry for his future .
By this way , he can also be able to another projects that he cannot now .

As a result , there can be two main reasons to be a successful person .
These are basicly about trying new things and taking some risks to be successful in general .
It is impossible to determine weather younger or older people enjoy life more .
Youth has wonderfull advantages , inocence , coming of age , naivity .
What a wonderfull surprise to see something for the first time , to touch the snow , to fall in love , to meet a goal .
To realize life , its potential and beauty at an age when one is still vigourous , perfect and with all those futures ahead .
Not one future , multiple futures , so many different paths , options and possibilities .
A bounty of choices and a healhy body to fullfill them .
The option to choose a life , our life , with such few strings attached .
To pick up up our things and start againg over and over , to sit down and establish ourselves when ever we want , such are the choices of youth .

Intoxicating situations abound in our summer yet as fall and winter come around one develops certain joys , odes to the time allready spent .
Memmories come into play , recolections have a special flavor , those things that we will never do againg and those friends we no longer laugh with .
Yet no one can take away those songs you 've all ready danced to , age allow us to see our errors and our goals flourish .
A successfull buisness can keep us going for many years past the the retirement age , some say its the thing which keeps one alive .
While a successfull son can yield beautifull grandaughters , happiness keeps coming yet in different packages .
A bittersweet moment when one switches from the driver seat to the passanger seat , from being an actor to being a spectator , from the field to the stands .
Yet enjoyment is an everyday activity which no one is deprived of , lets just hope we relize this sooner rather than later .
Travelling can be perceived as a very niche art and different people indulge it in very different flavours and have a lot of personal touch to it .
Always travelling in the group with a tour guide is definitely not the best way to visit every place .
The destination and the members of the group would be a critical factor in deciding how you would like to plan for it .

Group travel with a guide is the best way to go around a city where you expect to mingle with people and there is little unknown factor in your travel and if the place you are visiting requires some historical and technical input which a guide can provide well .
Visiting a art gallery , amusement parks , Mayan ruins ets are some placed where a guide can enhance you experience .
Group travel to destinations which you are not well acquainted with and you have serious social and cultural diferences has advantages as a guide can help you avoid getting into embarrassing or possibly dangerous situations .
A non native person visiting Europe would prefer guided bus tours as he is totally new to this place but you would also find a more adventruous person in a similar situation would not be satisified by just going to the popular destinations and would like to mix with local people and explore the hidden secrets that the city has to offer .
This kind of experience cannot be had in group travel as its unlikely for locals to mix with a large group of foreigners .

One of the main issues in group travel is conflict of personal preferences .
Even though it alleviates some logistic issues during your travel it can also limit your experience and force you to spend time on things and places that are not as interesting to you and proportionatley lesser time on things you personally like to explore more .
Unless you are a group of people who have very similar interests and personalities , there are going to be differences of opinion on places to visit .

There are certain spiritual experiences like travel to Tibet or safari through the deserts of Rajasthan or hiking through a quiet , isolated valley in a national park which can only be experienced by a person travelling alone with a guide or in company of just one or two fellow travellers .
A large group would essentially destroy the experience of the trip .

Even though group travel has a lot of advantages due to the company of people who can assist you in unfamiliar place and the luxury of a guide who can tell you exactly where to go and what to see , it is not always the best ways to travel to all destinations .
Depending on the place you visit and the nature of your visit , going alone or in company of a person or two can greatly enhance you travelling experience .
Young people nowadays do not give anough time to helping their communities .
I agree with this statement in all totality .
The scenario is reflected in the world today .
How many people do you see picking up litter ?
How many people do you see helping the proverbial old lady across the street ?

A community comprises of like-minded people constantly interacting with each other .
It needs caring , grooming and regular maintainence which can only be achieved by devoting time to it .
Young people have to divert time to step out and help their community .

In today 's competitive world , everybody watches his own .
In the race to success , people have become too busy digging for gold in their own backyard than stepping out and helping a neighbour mow his lawn , or maybe participate in a neighbourhood charity .
In a study , it turns out that the number of students appearing for government positions are steadily decreasing .
This is a striking contrast to the yester-years when young people were proud joining the social service for the betterment of their community .

A community is a powerhouse of moral values and improvement of quality of life .
A considerable amount of time has to be invested in it to provide fruitfull results .
Young people have to nurture the community and make it a better place for children and future members .

Young people have to realize that their community is analogous to their family .
Just as spending time with family improves the quality of life at home , similarly spending time in your community improves the quality of life outside .
A place where we watch each other 's back and help out in times of need is the place we have to strive for .
There will be no transition when we step out of our doors and only young people can make it happen .
I agree with that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I myself is reluctant to participate in community activities .
The reasons are varied .
For example , the Mid Autumn Festival is coming , the bar-be-cue seems just not so interesting to attend because you need to do it with a group of elderly people .
Community borad often expects young adults to do all kinds of chores simply because they are younger and more engetic .
It is true but young people lose their interests in attending under this logical consequence .
If a communitiy only expects young people to contribute rather than gain benefits , why would young adults join the activities it offers .

Community activities are usually designed for families in the neighbordhood .
The subjects would be natually grandparents , parents and children .
It costs a lot to design a program that is suitable for everyone 's needs .
If each house as a unit to decide what they want to do within their own budget , it will attract more interests for people to spend their holidays .
Besides , community 's activities are very limited in kind .
They may just have kraok , bar-b-cue and riddles .
I would believe young adults will chose what is suitable for them outside of the community and have fun as much as possible , such as KTV instead of kraok or movie .
It may be even more exciting by going to a bar and drink to their upmost with their close friends .
After all , it is much more fun in the world outside than the daily in and out neighborhood .

One major issue in community is garbage .
Not every community has a good system of running recycle items .
People have the tendency to leave their garbages in a certain spot where nobody is at the scene seeing them do that .
Graduately , it becomes a trash mountain .
It is very common in Taiwan .
With issue like this , community needs volenteers to guard the spot and supervise the dumping process when trash truck comes .
Young adults have energy to do that but they are not so respectable enough to argue with elderly ladies or men .
It increases the reluctances for young people to interact with their neighbours .
It is reasonable that young people keep their noses out of community board .
It is just too much to handle to a young adult .
Ever since the advent of cars they have become an integral part of human life .
The production of cars has seen a considerable rise over the years and this trend shows no signs of slowing down .
I personally disagree with the statement that twenty years down the line we will see fewer cars on the road than we do today .
A host of factors are responsible for me holding this opinion .
These include improved production practices , fierce market competition , increased buying power of the consumers and a desire to push knowledge beyond the existing boundaries .

The production practices involved in car manufacturing has come a long way .
In the early years of car production the process was entirely manual .
Orders for cars had to be made years in advance .
As silly as it may sound it is all true .
But today Car maufacturing is an automated process .
It takes onl a few hours to assemble together all parts in the car .
Another interesting feature of the production system is that cars today are mass produced , not made induvidually .
This reduces maufacturing time .
Once a customer places an order it is just a matter of a few days before he sees the car on his doorstep .

This enhanced mass production sstem ensures that cars are delivered as fast as possible , and this is like an added incentive to the buyers .
So the production system has contributed significantly to increasing the number of cars on the road .
And with better manufacturing practices being implemented it only points to a greater number of vehicles on the road in the near future .

The Market for automobiles is a very competetive one .
There are man plaers in the market ; this is a reference to te automobil compaies producing cars .
It is not like the old days where there were only one or two compaies coming out with cars .
There are a host of compaies producing cars in various segments .
There are price wars on between cars in a particular segment .
As soon as a company comes out with a price for a particular model his rival would come out with a slashed price of an equivalent model .
All these market wars lead to slashed prices which is music to the consumers ears .
These reduced prices so to speak contribute greatly to the increae in the number of cars sold .

Times have been changing and the automobile market is not restricted only to a privileged few any more .
The purchasing power of the consumers has gone up manifold .
More people can afford to buy cars now and today owing a car has socila reavace as wl .
ars are produced b mafaturers in ma segments to cater to te needs of the people that fall under the particular segment .
With this increasd purchasing power of the consumers the car sales have gone up and will continue to do so in the near future .

Finally enginners are alwas pushing the limits in search of newer pastures .
The motivation amongst the engineering community will always results in the production of newer vehicles , beter production techniques etc .
All these will certain cotribute to an increase i sales of the cars .

Considering all these factors mentioned above i feel that twenty years hence we will be looking at a world with more cars , though thats not essentially how we want it to be ...
Happy driving !!!!
I tend to agree with the topic that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

I believe that an understanding of concepts and ideas are the stairs to higher ground in all fields of education .
This holds true for subjects ranging from science , business , medicine to fine arts .
If a student is able to grasp the basic idea behind what is being taught then only he can proceed further higher to learn and understand more about the subject .

Lets take two examples , first one would be from the field of science .
Everybody knows the fact that when white light passes through a prism it get divided into lights of various colors .
So is it important to teach a student why the white light gets divided into various colors or is it sufficient enough for him to learn this fact and learn the names of the colors ?
It is so important for him to understand the basic concept behind the phenomenon which is that different colored lights have different wave lenghts and when passing through a thick glass they get reftracted differently .
If he knows this basic concept he can take this further and understand the phenomenon of rainbows on his own and never forget it .

For my second example I would take take a student who is studying and working towards becoming a musician .
In order for him to become accomplished in his field of study he should first learn the various notes , chords and other basic concepts and ideas in music .
If the student is only taught the names of the greats and the symphonies that they created , would that help him anyway in becoming a musician himself ! ?

Therefore i would like to strongly state that though a student should be taught facts but there is no way that the students can do without an understanding of concepts or grasping of ideas .
It is widely considered as a fact that the number of cars in use will decline during the next twenty years .
But this theory is only true for the developed world and not for the world as a whole .
It will be pointed out in the course of this essay why this is true for the developed world and - more important - why the total number of cars in use on this planet will continue to rise .

At first , the question arises why people tend to think that the number of cars in use will decline during the next twenty years .
As the people and especially the politicians in the developed world tend to give more importance to environmental issues , it becomes obvious that cars account for heavy air pollution .
Therefore , mass transportation systems as trains or buses are likely to be able to attract more customers than they are now .
Additionally , it is likely that those mass transportation systems will receive more financial aid from the government making them more attractive for the customers .
As a result of that development , people living in those developed countries will need less cars .

But nevertheless , the amount of cars in use in the world as a whole will continue to rise .
New concepts and developments in the field of energy are currently developed by car manufacturers all over the world and they will make petroleum-based fuel obsolete .
Some new cars as the Toyota Prius already use some of the new concepts .

The last and maybe most significant argument for the theory of an increasing number of cars is the on-going process of globalisation which results in a higher level of development in countries as China , India , Brasil or Indonesia .
Today , most inhabitants of those countries cannot afford buying a car .
As those people get more money out of their job as a result of globalisation , they will develop the same needs which people of developed countries have today - driving into the countryside , visit friends in other cities , making holidays , etc .
And due to their increasing income , they will soon be able to buy cars .
As the number of inhabitants in those developing countries is enormous ( more than 2bn people in China and India combined ) , the number of cars in use is likely to rise .

To conclude this argumentation , it is highly unlikely for the numbers of cars in use to decline .
Especially the growing demand for cars in the developing countries as China and India will bring the number of cars in use to a new record level .
If I was asked some details on the exam , I wrote last week , I probably could n't remember a lot , although I spend quite an amount of time on preparation .
Is n't that a hint for the necessarity of changing learning requirements and student education - In my opinion , the teaching of basic qualifications concerning the achievement and comprehension of knowledge and thinking is the more effective way to a fluent , highly adaptable intellectual ability .
Being able to understand ideas and concepts is a capability which is required in nearly any kind of intellectual situation .
To be capable of the most important tools in dealing with academic material which maybe catching the main idea of a text , summarizing basic points , understanding the intention of an author or speaker , etc. is the basis for any kind of apprenticeship .
Unfortunately , this qualifications play a subordinate role compared to the learning of facts .

Of course , facts are also of importance to be able to treat a certain topic , but without the ability to integrate single facts into one 's fluent knowledge , they wo n't last in mind for long time .

Being able to use the basic tools for dealing with any kind of knowledge presented will strongly improve the ability to find out important facts if needed .
Like one of my teachers told me `` you do n't need to keep any fact in mind , but you need to know where to find it if necessary '' , it is important to konow about sources and connections between them - which means their basic ideas - while dealing with any context of apprenticeship .

As described above , I think , students should get familiar to understanding ideas and concepts , and even to develope their own ones , because this will allow them to deal with unknown information und contexts .
As especially at an early age , the human brain is able to develope , it is very important to implement basic competencies of learning and thinking at that time .
The facts will be learned , when the basic concepts are clear .
I very much agree to the fact that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The fact that they are energetic supports the previous statement .
Biologically speaking , the metabolic rates in the older people are very slow and thus will be left with very less energy to work with .
As the immune system goes weaker and weaker , it becomes difficult for the older people to be active .

In contrast , the younger ones are the most entertaining beings .
With a very high metabolic rates the younger people have lot of energy to perform their functions .
Its not that older people do n't enjoy life but then , it is just a comparison .
Sitting at a place is a kind of enjoyment for the older people as they suffer from all sorts of problems relating from limbs to heart .
Such is not the case with the youngsters .
They are always enthusiastic and energetic , always eager to be active in all the actions that are up .
The functions and the parties attended , the sports played by the youngsters cannot be performed by the older ones as their age restricts them to do so .

Let us take an example of a grandfather and his grandson .
The state of activeness that is seen in the grandson is by far , incomaparable to that of grandfather 's .
Equally true is the fact that the grandfather might have enjoyed in his childhood .
But taking his age into consideration he is rather adviced to take rest and be under certain limits for the sake of his safety .
An older body cannot cope up with the high energy consuming activities unlike the youngerones .
Not to be partial , older people have their own ways of enjoying life which might be difficult for the youngerones to follow .
Nevertheless , it is the young people who can work upon the stress levels much elegantly than an older person .
Although , older people do earn money , travel a lot it is the yougsters who make their way a step higher in all respects .
True to the fact that younger people enjoy life more , they dont tend to force things like in the case of older people .
That is the reason why many corporate companies have restricted their workers to continue beyond an age of 55 in most of the countries .
Although it is very strictly followed in government offices , it holds strong enough in the private enterprises too .
It is only in the safety of older ones that they are adviced to be little rusty .
I disagree with this point of view .
Nowadays with the fast development in medical field , social environment and the advanced concept towards the good old days , more and more older people are enjoying the pleasure of the daily life and the proportion of older ones keep on rising in recent years .
Older people as well as young people are enjoying the improving life .

First , I think older people have more leisure than young people .
Young people have to struggling to get enough money to maintain a life in the daytime and go on to study in the night colleges and other training system , which provide them with the technics necessary for their work .
In contrast to them , old people do n't need to go to the company everyday to strive for money due to the funds supplied by the government and they do n't need to be punished by bosses for not finishing the work properly .
What they need to do is just to lie in the sofa , watching TV or go to meet the former companions and call on at friends ' houses .
What a wonderful life !

Second , older people gain happiness by thinking about what they have acheived during the adult time .
But the young have no time to consider this and they are experiencing failure everyday .
Therefore , they are surrounded by pains , sorrows and any ohther unpleasant things , which constantly appear .
The older have no risk to compete with others , leaving the young people to be engaged in the competitive world .

Last but not least , the old ones enjoying the care given by their sons or duaghters .
In China , every child , when growing up , must commit the responsibility to look after their parents .
Their children will bring money , fruit or other wonderful things to the old but they themselves have to spend time teaching their own little chdren .

Generally older people enjoy almost everything given in the old days .
As the whole environment is improving rapidly , More and more older people will realize what an excellent life we have received .
I agree that fewer cars will be in use in twenty years than there are today .
Although , cars are the main transportation currently , there are transporations we could use other than cars .
In addition , more inventions would be brought , and also because cars are one of the main factors that pollute our environment .

Every year , our society improves and evolve seeking for better way of living .
Two of the issues that are disliked from using cars are comfort and expense .
As we all know , cars are expensive to buy , especially good and well-known brand cars .
Great amount of money is also spent to maintain these cars for such reasons as oil fees and parking fee .
Moreover , as more people afford cars , there are lesser place to park cars and the parking fees would increase as a result of their demand , which make our life thougher .
Therefore , by the time of twenty years , more people would use other public transportations such as subway .

Secondly , people like innovations .
They prefer new technology , goods , and ideas , which leads to having new inviention of transportation other than cars .
Therefore , in the future , they might come up with new style of transportation which is similar to the cars we use nowadays , but that would no longer called cars anymore .

Lastly , the issue I consider here is health .
As more and more people afford cars , the more our environment would be polluted , which is n't what many people prefer .
This is obviously because pollution harms people by damaging their health .
Fortunately , people are getting sensitive about their health .
This phenomenon will possibly reduce the use of cars in twenty years .

Overall , as a human being , I prefer having comfortable life with spending less on cars , adore innovations , and having good health .
Therefore , in my perspective , I think fewer cars would be used in twenty years compare to the use today .
I do not agree with the statement that young people are not giving enough time to help their communities .

This is a relative statement and like all relative statement , it is bugged with contextual inconsistencies .
When comparing two time periods from a perspective of societal contribution by young people , we need to understand that the challenges and expectations var widely and thus the statement ca n't be empirically justified .
Moreover , the current society is a result of the action of past and to blame it implies that the values enshrined by the societies of the past were not that great , thus challenging the underlying process on which the statement is made .

Just like organisms , society also evolves .
As such it has become bigger , more varied , adaptable and faster .
The value system it espouses is radically different from the past and thus are the actions .
To compare the actions of young people in the current socitey from the value lenses of the past society is doing great injustice .

The current young generation is expected to perform well in all sphere of life , be it a home , school , college , work , friend circle , society .
This is putting a lot of pressure considering that the time needed to perform all this activities has not increased .
Such was n't the case in previous socities .
Despite that , the young people are very motivated and concerened about the scocety and it 's well being .
This is visible if you look at most of the socially oriented organizations are staffed by young people , be it PETA , Greenpeace etc .
There are a lot of demonstrations around the world to stop the ravages of wars that drive their force from the youth of today .

The younger generation is looking at novel ways of making a change .
The new breed of social entrepreneurs are forming non profit companies that are run in a professional ways to contribute to the betterment of society .
This can be ascertained by the fact that there has been a mushrooming of social oriented business courses all across .
The work places are providing outlets for their younger employees to engage in socially relevant tasks , besides their normal tasks and they are lapping it up .

The younger generation , in my opinion is more awakened and sensitive about the needs of the society .
They are doing all their very best to fulfill the social duty in a more efficient and effective ways .
The only difference being that the areas which concern them are different from that of the previous societies , which reflect the challneges of the present and not the past .
The best and most popular mode of trivelling today is a car .
You can reach any where at your own time schedule with the help of a car .
It does overcome some of the disadvantages of other systems such as bus , Train etc .
To trivel by Train or Bus we have to go by their schedule , and they can be used to reach only specific locations .
But the future is not so good for the cars .

I agree with the statement that twenty years from now thier will be ferwer cars than today .
Cars require fuel to run .
Today the fuel used is mainly Petroleium or Natural Gas in the form of LPG or CNG .
These are fossile fuels and they are non renewable , so they will tend to decrease over the time .
The supply of these fuels will decrease over the time .
so they will become more expensive to afford by normal people .
As a result number of car owners will decrease .

Cars make lot of polution which is responsible for various health and environment related problems such as global worming or lung cancer .
The problems related to the cars are all related to the fuel they are using .
So if we can get the alternate energy souce to run a car then it may have the bright future and we can see more cars than ever in next 20 years .

The alternative energy souce for this fossile fuels is solar energy , or Fuel cells , which use hydrogen as their fuel .
The problem with use of Fuel cells is that it requires carring hidrogen along with the car .
Hidrogen is very explosive if it is exposed to atmosphere , so carring hidrogen along with the car is like sitting on a bomb .
As far as other option goes , there are very few cars which run on solar energy today , this is mainly because these cars are expensive .
But as the technology grows these cars may be affordable and can be available for use for resonable price .

The other point that we should note that world is going towards globalization .
It means increase in the competition .
So people will require faster routes to trivel .
Todays cars are limited in speed not only due to the car itself but due to over crowding of cars , remember the time we spent in trafic .
so in order to promote the car in future one need to see to these issues as well .
Answering all these questions will shape the future of cars .
So twenty years from now , if we see cars in musiums or on roads in day today life will depend on all these issues .
In every field , school , work , social etc. there are some people more successful than other .
The following statement says that these people like to take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well .
I agree with this statement .

The successful people are always looking for improvement , they are always trying to do better because they do not always realize how good they are , they want to get challenges and to overcome difficulties .
In the scientific fields there are a lot of examples of that particularity these people have .
I will take the example of the radioactivity , Marie Curie and Pierre Curie were always trying to improve their discovery and they died because of searching continiously improvement .
Their bodies were full of radioactive elements and they died because of that .
Science is a great exemple of how successful people want to improve everyday their knowledge .
Scientifics are always looking for better inventions because they like to compete .

Sometimes , these people , are marginalized , and they do not have a lot of family or friends , so they focus on their work , that is why they are looking for improvement everytime .
It is their way to make their life interesting .
In work , successful people have to always de better because they have to prove their value in order to be promoted or not to be replaced by somebody more competent .

Everything is moving in life , there are always changes , the human beeing is never satisfied by himself , wether he is successful or not .
We are always trying to do , to create or to give something new in order to keep us from beeing bored by life .
That is just the way things are .
The most dangerous thing is to get obssessed by discoveries like scientifics who died in the past to test their own inventions .
Advertising consists of convincing potential customers that a given commodity or service has some positive qualities that make it worth buying .
In some cases the advertised features of the product either exist or not .
For example , it is relatively easy to verify whether a claim stated in a commercial that - under some conditions - a car runs on some amount of gas per 100 kilometers can be true or not .
In this case advertising can make the commodity seem better than it is .
However , to my knowledge , these forms of advertisement are mostly forbidden in developed countries , since they essentially represent scams .

In many - perhaps most - other cases , the qualities claimed in a commercial cannot be univocally defined as true or faulse .
For example , a company could advertise a drink it markets as , say , the `` drink of the coolest people on earth '' .
In itself , this statement means nothing and cannot be verified .
However , if the advertising campaign is well designed and a number of people accept the view that drinking that specific drink makes you `` cool '' , then advertising - to some extent - creates the feature it claims .

In such cases , advertising changes the product itself and is part of it .
That is , a given item without advertising is in fact a different product than the otherwise identical item which has been advertised .
Therefore I would not agree with the statement that advertising makes products seem much better than they are in fact .
Nowadays in this modern age the youngsters of the society are more bothered about themselves .
By this i mean they are more selfcentered to their own goals and ambitions of their life and are more selfish .
On the whole they do not give time to help their communities yes i totally agree with statement and support this by giving the following examples .

The youth of today are more brash , more selfish that is they have time for going to pubs , parties , discos ' , their , making new girlfriends etc .
They enjoy their leisure time listening to music hanging out with friends this is because they dont care abot their community .
They think that helping their community is a waste of time and are not aware of the kind of social service they are capable of doing by helping their communities .
Some youngsters are spoilt brats are lazy , like to get up late in the mornings and think that helping their communities is a meaningless job .

Youngsters of today dont have much time for their parents then how can we expect they have time for helping their communities .
Some youngsters have such a tight and busy schedule attending colleges , doing assignments , homework etc that they have very less time for helping their communities .
Some rogue youngsters loiter here and their , enjoy their lives to the full that they cant take out time for thier communities .
Some students who are in need of more pocket money to bear their expenses they take part time jobs after their study hours .

To sum it up the young people dont think that helping their communities is their topmost prority .
They are least bothered about everything else that is not materialistically beneficial to them .
The above explanations and examples proves that youngsters nowadays dont spend enought time helping their communities .
I can say I do agree with the statement because the whole industry of advertising has been constructed on the use of psychological tricks that can work to perasuade average people , or more likely some targets of people , to buy a certain product .
The characteristics described in TV advertising have often been exagerated because people have to be impressed in first place to remember the name of a product , recognize it in the shop and then buy it .
Fact is , that people can effectively realize how good a product is only once they have tried it , but this way the aim of the advertising campaign has already been reached .
Now , what are the strategies people can develop to defend themselves from this sort of manipulation ?
First , they can try to get suggestions from people they know and trust , such as relatives of friends , about a specific product they are willing to buy .
Second , they can take advantage of the large number of offers dealers make when they have to launch a new product on the market : this way they can try something new without spending too much money on it .
Third , people can always count on some associations , which have been specifically created to defend customers from manipulation of companies ' advertising .
These are often no profit organization which are giving to give suggestions and assistance when people need it , making sure that the clause `` satisfied or refunded '' is respected .
In conclusion I would like to recommend people to always think twice before buying something which looks too good , because , as far as everybody knows , good brands never need advertising simply because their name is always on everyone 's mouth .
I totally agree with the statment that states `` most advertisments make products seem much better than they really are '' .
In order to begin my essay and to build it on examples from real life , we have to understand what is the role of televisions , radios , newspapers , etc , they all wants to collect profit , as they are all considered to be profitable institutions .

By making products seem much better than they really appear in advertisments in different kinds of media , they are actually encouraging the consumer ( people ) to buy from that product .
To support my idea , lets take an example of something that people face in real life .
Nescaffe , yes it is a delecious hot drink , in most advertisments they say that it makes the person to relax from the daily problems and obsticles facing him , but indeed , it is a drink that contains caffeine , and caffeine is a substance that makes people to be more offensive or active .

Another example , which is widely spread especially in the United States of America , is the advertisments of the `` take away '' restaurants or those who deliver jung food as MacDonald and Berger King .
Food is nice there , yes this is a fact , but what is also considered to be a fact , is that eating too much of the jung food has an enormus effect on the human health , as it increases the chances for Diabetus , increases the risks of having high blood preasure and increases the chances of developing atheroscloroses , especially for aged people .

Another significant example , is advirtising for alcohol drinks as beer , the advertisments are made in order to attract people to a certain commodity .
By making the advertisment , they are not taking into consideration that there might be underaged people or teenagers that are watching the advertisment .
What is known about teenagers from both sex , is that they are passing a period of time where they are curious to try and experience everything .
And from here , it is obvious that advertisments not only make things appear much better than they really are , but they control the human mind as well as the human desire .

All in all , i agree one hundred persent with the statement where most advertisments make products look much better than they really are .
In this essay i focused on dealing with the topic by giving eaxmples from real life , and examples that are important for the people to be aware of especially in our century .
I totally agree with the opinion that most advertisements make products seem much better than how they actually are .

There are mainly three reasons why I support this idea .

First of all , I want to underline what I call `` the value of experience '' .
I think everybody has a bad memory of a product he/she bought .
Moreover , I think everybody could tell a story about how his/her expectations were not met by the purchase of goods and services advertised in the media world .
I think personal experiences can say a lot about how tricky advertisements can be .
As an example , I remember the first time I bought a new type of frozen pizza that was adveritized for a while all around Italy .
The images seen on TV showed a fine and elaborate pizza served with some fresh napolitan ingredients .
In reality , the pizza turned out to be a poor imitation of the original one that I was shown in the advertisement .

Second , I think that the types of advertisement on TV , newspapers and even on the web can never be completely reliable .
What I mean is that a product or service can not be perfectly reproduced on paper or through a photo .
This second point is pretty technical , but I believe it is important .

Finally , it appears clear to me that advertizing techniques are well known and designed for being tricky .
Even in a well-functioning market economy , you can not impose rules that prevent companies from describing or presenting a product in a way that increases its value .
Obviously , there are some limits that companies and advertising agencies must follow to be in line with the regulations and law enforcement , but in general I think there is enough room to induce a consumer to buy goods which are not how they are in reality .

In conclusion , I think it is inevitable to come across products , buy them and then regret to have done so because the products were not exactly what we thought .
Even if facts can change depending on the topic , it is very important for studens to learn them .
In my opinion I would strongly desagree with this statement .
Students always open their mind to learn no matter what is that they are learning .
For a studen to make a good argument in a thesis or in a topic he or she will have to be able to have clear ideas and concepts , but at the same time learn some facts to support their answer .

As an example to identify whether or not a student is using his/her knowledge properly would be what happened on September 11 .
When the two planes crashed on the two commerce buildings in New York .
Some ideas could give the student some understanding of what had occurred on that terrible moment , same as some concepts that most people would give to describe what happened .
But , for a student to clearly analize this incident some facts will have to be given .

Facts are part of the history that we as human beings make everyday .
No matter what happens around the world , facts will always be there to help us describe , understand and let us give our opinion .
Not all the time students will have to learn facts as they will have to understand ideas and concepts , but in my opinion they might go together .

A good reason for these three things to be together is that ; you can not understand and idea without having a good concept , you cannot describe a concept without having any facts that prof it and you wo n't be able to fully understand facts if you do n't know how to develop ideas and use your concepts .
Another example will be Leonardo Da Vinci .
He had to support his ideas and concepts by having facts to understand .
What would have happened if he put to much red colour in Mona Lizas 's lips ?
There is a fact that deals with the consequences of our actions .
Da Vinci would have had to think about scientist facts before starting his new inventions .

The time will go by and we will all develop a new way of life .
Our capacity to think will change for better and our way to study will have to change too .
Until that time comes we must use our own resourses to learn and understand whatever it is that we are talking about .
Always understand ideas and concepts and use your learned facts to make sure that what you are saying is right .
Students always know what is the better way to learn .
Life is so diverse , that as much as a person learns throughout his/her life , there is always more .
There does not exist a limit for learning , and new discoveries and creations pop up daily in our everyday news , growing in a parallel mode with the ever imrpoving technology .
As a matter of fact , a successful person is not one who knows a lot , but one who knows how , when and where to apply his/her knowledge in the best way available .

A person who has mastered something ( X ) he/she does , is automatically better qualified to do and improve ( X ) than someone who has never seen or heard about it .
Each human being has specific characteristics and environmental cultures that bound his/her ability of the things he/she has learned .
Sometimes , these limits are highly disadvantageous , yet they would not make this person specifically unsuccessful , because with the right knowledge at one specific task , he/she can sublime in a way even the best educated person on the globe could not .

On the other hand , trying new things and taking new risks are very important in today 's world , but it does not yet make it more successful a person who does it than one who does not .
In fact , innovations and risks should always be tried for newly developed ideas and for the person to improve his/her skills and learn about most things a little .

This concept is very well illustrated when compared to how the agricultural revolution evolved as an example .
Imagine if a farmer would have to plant all types of fruits and vegetable , that at the end would barely be sufficient for his family survival in contrast to every one farmer specializing in a specific fruit or vegetable and than barter and trade with the others .
Like that , each one farmer would definitely profit more with the specialization , and as a result also consume the best quality goods altogether .
This shows that sometimes it is also benefitial to specialize in a specific ability to have the best results , because if everyone would like to do everything by himself the world would not go on .
Now again , this does not mean that having some overall knowledge would be harmful .

In conclusion , a successful person is a rather relative term .
Because success can be attained with hard-work and loyalty to a goal .
No matter the amount of risks and innovations taken , specializing yourself can be equally granted .
Have you ever imagined if professional athletes stopped playing basketball , football , or baseball , would they still be successful ?
A growing number of people believe that specializing in one specific subject is more beneficial for students than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
However , contrary to the popluare trend , I strongly believe that broad knowledge is better for students .
The rationale behind this is that it helps students to be well-arouned people .
In addition , students can work better after hiring in company .

First of all , broad understanding of various academic subjects plays a pivotal role in rasing students well-rounded people .
It is largely because , if people learn only one speific subject , the life would be boring and they can not understand other aspects of life .
Learning other subjects can broaden their horizen .
For example , my major was chemistry in university .
However , I attend other classes like art , writing .
Therefore , I can write better and understand other people well .
It made my life more affluent .

Secondly , broad understanding of diverse subjects contributes to working better in companies .
It is largely because , when students learn various kinds of subjects they not only understand their parts of the work but also they can grasp the other role 's of other people 's work .
Therefore , they can work more effectively .
To be specific , my friend , Jihuen was hired by Hyundai , which build the apartments .
Even though her major was architect she had to attend the art class and when she work at the company she could do well , because she could design better .

In conclusion , having broad knowledge is more helpful for studnets .
It is because students can be more well-rounded and work better when they hired .
In twenty years the number of cars in use will not have diminished by a large number , I believe that rather the opposite will be true .
The number of cars will increase during the next twenty years .
Due to population rise and the development of different fuels the number of people able and willing to afford their own car will increase and so will the number of cars in use .

In countries like China or India , that have a large rural population without the means to buy a car today , the continuing growth of the population and the fast economic development will lead to more people being able to afford a car in the near future .
The prices of cars will go down in comparison to the income and this will lead to more cars being in use .

Another reason for my belief that there will be more cars in use twenty years from now is that new fuels are currently under research and will be on the market in less than twenty years .
For example the hydrogen powered car is already in use today , though it is not ditributed at large .
This development of alternative fuels will restrict the impact of the decrease of the resources like oil and gas has on the automobile industry .
That way nobody owning a car today will have to get rig of it because of fuel shortage .
These people can just as easily buy a car powered by alternative fuel , when their current car breaks down .

The alternative fuels , that are being developed today , are also cleaner and less poisonous to the environment .
This means that maybe people not willing to use a car today because of environmental reasons will change their mind and buy a car when the use of a car is no longer a hazard to the environment .

These reasons support my belief that the number of cars in use in twenty years will not be lower , but higher , than the number of cars in use today .
Population rise , the development of alternative fuels and the rapid economic development in countries with large populations will contribute to an increase in the number of people able and willing to afford their own car and thus to an increase in the number of cars in use .
It is commonly assumed that risk and novelty are the keys to success .
While most extraordinary sucess-stories are based on breakthrough ideas or products , expertise on particular existing subjects can also yield excellent results .

Success of a product or idea is determined by three main factors : the novelty , the marketability ( or perceived usefulness ) , and the risk taken .
Novelty is in itself a factor , as new things tend to impress people .
Light bulbs and electricity have thus opened never-before-seen vistas to civilisation .
However , something being new does n't imply its actual usefulness .
A new technological device could realise the exact same thing as an older device without any added value and encounter moderate success or even failure .
Usefulness , or good public reaction to the product , is therefore necessary for success .

Finally , the risk taken should be as low as possible for a product to be successful .
The higher the risk , the more likely the failure !
People who try new things and take huge risks are thus less likely to succeed than people who try new things ...
with few risks .

However , based on the three previous assumptions , are people more successful when trying risky new things or when doing things they already master ?
Novelty , while conditioning both other factors , is in no way a requirement for success .
People becoming experts in a particular domain have an added credibility and get the public 's trust .
Quality is an added value to the `` perceived usefulness '' of an idea or product .
Moreover , with extensive knowledge of a domain , the risks of failure become ever lower , thus answering to two key conditions for success .
The car maker Ferrari , for example , is a shiny example of success for a company that always does what it knows how to do best : automobiles .

Therefore , people doing what they know how to do well have a very good chance of success .

To conclude , while immense successes often stem from novelty and risk , many people trying new things take risks that will lead them to failure , whereas people capitalising on their expertise are probably more likely to be successful , though in a more modest way .
With the development of society , there are increasing choices to enjoy life as people can play computer games , chat on line , or go to see a live performance etc .
Although these all seem to be what only young people can do as they accept new inventions and opinions more quickly and have more energy to enjoy , it is a little bit haste to assert that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Does young people really have more time and energy to enjoy life ?
As the pace of modern society fastens , young people who have already had a job face the pressure from their bosses , family members and other people , worrying about not getting promoted without recommendation , being troubled by a tiny mistake during the work and therefore making great efforts to work in the hope of completing their tasks perfectly .
As a result , they always keep in a hurry to get things done and seldom have energy to enjoy their life .
What 's more , for the young people who are still college students , the fierce competion when hunting a job also drives them to study hard and develop many kinds of skills .
For example , in the college I am studying in , most of students are striving to get certificates in business English and computer skills and taking a lot of courses such as communication skills , which may be helpful in future career .
In contrast , as older people do n't have to face all the challenges , risks and difficult choices , they tend to have a more peaceful mind and enjoy life more than young people .

Some people also argue that the modern technology such as computer skills used in many methods to relax makes it hard for older people to enjoy .
In fact , many old people have been accustomed to taking adavantage of these innovations .
For example , my grandfather who is 60 years old have been good at chatting on line and downloading movies and music from Internet just like a young person .
And also , old people can enjoy life in different ways without technology .
They can take a walk and take exercises in a park , or listen to music sitting in a chair , and for some of them , looking at grandchildren being around is a kind of relaxation .
In my eyes it is wrong to say that young people enjoy life more than older people .
Obviously , one could state the fact younger people are healthier and that they still have to make all their important choices in life , they have no regrets .
Furthermore they can try a vast range of activities .
Because of their youth and health they can do various sports , learn how to play muscial instruments , travel spontaneously to dangerous places and if they have not started working yet , they have a lot less responabilities .
All these choices might be out of reach for older people because of their health and social status .

In addition to this older people could be in a worse emotional state than younger people .
With increasing responsabilities such as bringing up a family , paying for their children 's education , they are less carefree .
Health issues , e.g. age related illnesses such as Alzheimer 's or according to age impending death can turn life itself into one long hardship for older people .
Also , they might have lost a loved one such as their spouse or siblings .

But nonetheless one has to take into account older people 's life experience and what they are looking back on .
In the course of their life older people have experienced all kinds of emotions and things that turned them into the person they are .
This could be a marriage , the birth of a child , the further extension of their family or a huge succes or achievement .
They can alsways look back and relive the most wonderful moments of their life , something younger people have yet to experience .

And finally , older people are in a way the foundation of their family .
To know that one is appreciated , needed and relied upon is something that makes life very special .
I believe all people may enjoy their lives independent from their age because all of the life stages has their own advantages and disadvantages .
Thus , I do n't agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Assume that you 're 70 and you do n't have grandchildren .
If having children of your children is important to you , then you wo n't be happy and wo n't be enjoying your life .
Furthermore , assume that you are in your twenties and you cannot go to dance with your friends .
Again if it is relevant to you , you wo n't be enjoying your life and age .
On the other hand if you have all your expectations from your age , then you 'll be the best person in the world and enjoy your life more than anyone in the world .

First of all , it 's true that being young brings some advantages about enjoying life .
Like you 're energetic , healthy and careless than old people do .
Traveling , making sports and dating are easy for you .
However , it has disadvantages .
You may travel more than an old person but in case if you have enough money and permission .
You cannot shut the door and say to your parents that you 're going to a spiritual trip to India .
They will ask you why and most probably they wo n't let you .

Being older has also its disadvantages and advantages .
When you are old , this means you are full of knowledge at least in one specific topic .
Moreover you have one-life long experiences .
Therefore , people like and want to talk to you due to getting benefit from your knowledge and experiences .
You have lots of things to tell such as your memories of childhood , experiences in your work and all these funny and bad luck events .
You have faced more years of the world 's history that youngsters cannot have a chance to see .
Of course , as a direct disadvantage of this view , you will not be able to see the next generation .

To conclude , elder people may also enjoy life as much as young people for me .
It 's solely about what you expect from life and what the life gives to you .
If they fit to one another , you will be enyojing your life at a maximum level whatever your age is .
The knowledge is something extremely important in our job , mostly in mine .
I 'm a marine biologist and of course in all the scientific matters is useful to have knowledge on different fields .
So at first glance i would respond saying that it 's better to gather informations and knowledges as much as we can in a widespreadly manner .
But we have to do it in the right way , due to the fact that too much time spent on gathering informations could be time wasted .
To give a good example that can back me up i want to talk about my personal experience .
I 'm actually working on sounds produced by dolphins .
This particular field research is not completely based on exclusively biological knowledges .
In fact i firstly had to understand some physical laws about sound waves and how they propagate in the water .
Once i have been trained about these informations i started to work on signals .
Ashes to ashes i have been remained focused on the bioacustic of dolphins , so it could seem that i have been stuck on a specific subject .
But it 's not like that .
Indeed most of the time the acoustical behaviour of an animal cannot been explained just with the simply studying of bioacustic and physics , but it have to be put together with ethological studyes that most of the time are based on several different fields of knowledge .
Thus i really think that it 's better to open our mind and study at 360 degree .
But as i already mentioned we have to stay focused on what we are really searching for .
The field of human knowledge is huge and sometimes even a good researcher can get lost in its vastity .
This is the reason why most of the time i have to work with engineers and technicians that have the skill to use computer programs that can easily help us to analyze the signals that we recorded from dolphins .
In a kind of way we both are important for each other , because , even if we seem to be specialized in doing something in particular , we help each other and we try to understand what is the job of the other .
I think this is the best methode to share and gain knowledge of different subject .
After all these years of working in this team i have gained knowledge on softwares and technical tools , and hydrophones .
But i think that i could n't take all these informations just working on my own , or at least it would required me a lot of time .
So for these reasons i really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge on different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometime the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can seems not related to our purpose .
To give another example , once the engineer i 'm working with founded a vocalization very strange .
The signal was totally different from others and he did n't know how to expalin .
Then he came to me and for me it was easy to explain .
The signal was emitted by a calf and certainly it was different from the other member of the herd .
But this is something that a biologist know , not an engineer .
But know he knows how to recognize this signal , because he had broad his knowledge .
Nowadays , people make their advertisements so good so people will purchase , try , or use their products .
However , are they really as good as they seem to be ?
I strongly agree with the statement most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

In today 's world , most of the people will do anything for money , even when it comes to the place where they will have to cheat on those who are innocent .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are for the same reason as well -- they want people to buy their products .
We can see it everyday when we turn on the TV , commercials from fastfood restaurant , toy company , and even computer company .
One of the most representative advertisement is the one from McDonald .

I still remember the first time I saw the commercial of McDonald , they made their hamburger in the advertisement so big and juicy that it seemed to be the best hamburger in the whole wide world .
And after seeing the commercial , the first thing I thought was to go to McDonald and eat their juicy hamburger .
However , after I had arrived at the McDonald and ordered some of their best hamburgers , I realized that I had been cheated on .
The hamburger I had in my hands was not an enormus , tasty hamburger .
Oppositely , it was a tiny , dry burger with only a few pickles in it .
From the time on , I barely trusted any advertisements no matter how good they look .

The second and the last time I was cheated on was when the famous computer purchasing channel had this seller who completely fooled me by saying and showing simultaneously that how strong the computer he was selling is .
I was in the desire of needing a new computer , as a result , I called them without questioning and ordered the computer .
Soon , I regreted what I had done .
The computer I recieved did not work at all , I could n't even turn it on .
At first , I thought it was my problem , and thus , I called up my friend .
What shocked me was that my friend told me that the computer did n't even have a graphic card .

For the true stories above , I never trust any advertisements since then , I only believe in what I see , not what people say .
To conclude , I absolutely , positively agree with the statement most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I think understanding ideas and concepts is much more important than simply learning so-called `` facts '' .

History has repeatedly proved that past `` facts '' turn out to be false .
For example , people used to think that all species on earth were created by God and they remain the same all the time .
Today , almost all biologists believe that evolution is the driving force behind all species , past and present .
As environment change , old species extinct and new species emerge .
God has no role in evolution .
Consequently , learning the facts may leave you with wrong information .

If remembering facts is not good , will understanding ideas and concepts help ?
Definitely .
If we think about the above example , people believe God as the only creator of species because they do n't question the claim and never ask for valid evidence to support it .
The idea behind such claim should then be `` How do we know ? ''
Well , in 1859 Charles Dalwin gave many evidence in his historical `` On the Origin of Species : The Theory of Evolution '' .
As time goes by , many scientists found more and more evidence to support the theory .
Such evidence lies in fossils , similarities between living plants and animals and their ancient ancestors and even DNA of all organisms .
We now know all living things share the same universal hereditary code , i.e. , DNA .

Some people may argue that learning facts help a lot when you do n't have access to information you need .
Like when a nurse wants to know how many grams equal to an ounce .
However , in the modern `` Information Time '' when internet is universally accessible and most facts are available on you fingertips .
Most hospital units in the U.S.A. are equipped with computers connected to the internet .
A nurse can simply `` google '' `` gram to ounce '' and get the conversion rate right away .
We no longer need to remember all the `` facts '' .

Ideas are more important than facts .
This is a controversial topic since the conditions are different for different countries .
Firstly in todays world of development and technology , there are many distractions like the video games , movies , computers and gadgets like the ipod .
Some people feel that community work like visiting oldage homes is a waste of time .
They feel that they can do things which are more useful fot the person than the community during that period of time .
It is sometimes this casual attitude due to which people lose interest in their community .

There are other factors which have led to the decrease in participation in the commuinty .
Youth over the ages have felt that the commuinity in some is demoralizing them .
For example in India , due to the poor conditions of the country , a child feels that why should he or she give something to the community if the community has n't done enough for him or her .
If this trends goes on increasing then lesser number of children will not try to help their community .
Sometimes it depends how the child has been brought up .
If the family never did anything for the community then it is bound that the child might do the same .
With this negetive attitude i do n't feel that it will ever help anyone , neither the youth nor the community .

However I think its not the same everywhere .
I tend to do a lot for my community .
As a family tradition every year my mother and I visit the local old age home and spend hours talking to them .
During festive seasons , we get clothes and food for the old people and even try to bring in more activities for them .
This has helped me to understand elders better and respect them .
This year I participated in a progam of ` EACH ONE TEACH ONE ' where we got a chance to teach little children from slum areas .
This was one of my most gainful experience and it helped me to be more optimistic .
I take part in several projects related to saving and planting more trees , cleaning the school campus , taking care of school animals for which i have recieved an award .
Every year we collect old clothes for the poor in our school and neighbourhood .

In conclusion , it seems that the negetive attitude of the younger generation is declining its intrest in the community .
It is not right because one cannot expect the community for us .
We as a member of the community have to lend a helping hand in small areas like helping in oldage homes , teaching children who do not have proper means of education .
According to me its a give and take relationship .
This means in order to recieve something from the community we need to put in our part of the effort and have a positive outlook towards all this and only then will our community will give something in return .
But i think someone has to start this cycle and only the younger youth can .
To talk about the statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' I must first confess that I 'm a marketer .
I studied marketing and I worked in marketing , and it is our job to make products look as good as we can , and sometimes we do magnificent job .
So with that said , yes , I do agree with the statement , advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Advertising is created to make people buy products or services , that 's the only reason why companies spend so much money advertising .
Advertisements are designed thinking on the consumer , is for the consumer and it needs to convey to the consumer that the product is awesome , the best .
Not all products advertised are awesome , not all are garbage , but it is the advertisement purpose to show the product as good as it can be shown .

One example of advertisement that shows the product much better than it really is , the new Coke Black .
`` It 's coke and it 's coffee '' , `` it 's the BEST of both worlds '' .
Yeah right ! , the product it 's horrible and yet their advertisement is so inviting and you really think you are going to get coke with coffee and that the combination is going to work .
I mean , I love coke and coffee why not together ?
Well it just does n't work but their ads sure do .

Another example would be the IPOD .
Ipod 's ads are so fresh , it makes you feel like dancing .
But Ipods are really not worth the price .
It 's only because their ads are good that our perceived value for an ipod is higher .
I had an ipod , it broke two months after I bought it and in the ad it looked like it was a great product .

The last example I will give has to do with telemarketers .
Creams that will cure acne or creams that will get ride of unwanted hair , well I tried both and neither worked .

Advertisement purpose is to advertise so people buy or request servicesIt is its job to make products seem much better than they really are .
I do agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I think that young people today are less involved in community activities and spend less time there because the society in common became more individualistic .

For instance , a lot of young people today perform individial sports or they perform sports only occassionally .
It is no longer common that such people are organised in sports clubs and take responsibily as team coaches or in training kids and younger club members from their community .
It seems also that organisations like the boy scouts or churches have a problem to attract young people .
And I think that young people were more politically engaged in previous times .
There are only few young people nowadays joining political parties or labour organisations such as union .
In particular , most young people are reluctant to take political positions on a communal level because they can no see any sense in it .

One reason seems to be that the economic situation has changed much over the last years .
The pressure to be successfull in the job is much higher than ever before , and the high unemployment rate threatens a lot of people because of their proffesional future .

Hence , young people are urged to finish their school time time and studies as fast as possible which leaves only very little time for community activities .
In addition , it seems to be more common today to teach competition instead of collaboration , leading to a more egoistic society .
A lot of young people start to learn this early in their careers , leaving the impression to them that is not benefitial to take responsibilites in their communities because of the time it costs .
Finally , the society became more mobile over the last years , which means that in particular young people often change their job and living place .
Hence , these young people can not really get rooted in a community .
But this seems to be a major prerequesite for any community engagement .
Being old is often called a burden , but that is no true , To be old in the modern time is not a burden , it has many great advantages .
Being experienced , having a secured financial situation are benefits besides having a lot of time .

Old people are more relaxed than young people in most situations .
The fact that old people have experienced very much and especially a lot of not so nice things , lets them be very relaxed even in situations that are totally stressing young people out .
For example a young person misses a very important test , a final exam .
For the young person this is really hard to take because in his world taking a class one semester longer seems very long .
For an old and ex person the fact of missing an exam would be hard too , but the old person knows from experiences that worse things can happen an one semester would not seem so long afterall .
In this situation it would be more enjoyable to be old .

Many old people have a secure financial situation .
This reliefs older people from worrying about the financial future .
Worrying about the financial situation in the future is one point why many young people ca n't enjoy being young .

Old people do n't have to work any more .
This gives them time to travel very much .
It is very enjoyable to go travelling all the time , many old people do that .
For example my grandma travels the whole world , while I have to study .
I think she enjoys her time more than I do .

As a result , especially looking at my grandma .
I can say that I do not agree with the given statement .
In my opinion old peolple do n't enjoy life less than zoung people .
I certainly agree that travelling in a group with a tour guide is the best option .
Travelling outside of the place where you live is one of the most exiting and enjoyable things to do in most peoples lives .
People tend to take vacations to get away from the rigours of daily life .
Most people would certainly like to go alone or with an individual family if the choice existed .
However most places that people consider are far away and exotic in nature , not to ignore the fact that they could be dangerous too .
Take for example the Bali in Indonesia .
The recent terrorist strike in Bali killed a lot of people , mostly vacationeers .

Going in a group offers a lot of benifits to a traveller .
Most airlines and hotels offer group booking discounts as well as preferential service .
Travelling in a group also makes you feel secure rather than travelling alone .
Travelling in groups would be specially advantageous to people with kids as I believe kids are better behaved and more entertained when they are in a group .
Going in a group with a tour guide would also help people with disabilities .
Also , why do something when you can have someone do it for you ?
This is the type of question most people would ask when going out on a trip .
Instead of spending time and researching about a particular destination , it would be better to employ a local expert ( tour guide ) to guide you to the right places and explain the history and culture of that particular place .
A tour guide would also be helpful incase there is an emergency and you might need to contact the local authorities or need any kind of help .
Also with their experience most tour guides are able to guide us to the right spots and destinations , making the most of our vacation .
How do you like to travel by yourself with a tour book or with a tour guide 's leading ?
Many variables can exist that which way to travel is the most influential .
Regardless of the possibilities , I strongly support that traveling in a group leading by a tour guide is the best way to travel because of the substantial amount of information one would get .

Being in a group positively makes a person to know more people .
From my experience , a group tour opened my eyes more toward the world .
I had two trips to New York city : the first one by myself with a tour book and the second within a group led by a tour guide .
Going to the New York city by myself with my own knowledge put me in such a hardtime .
I guessed that with a tour guide hand book , I would be able to handle the situations well .
However , the prediction was completely wrong .
I was lost and for finished the tour in a week instead of the original plan , three days , because of my lack of ability .
However , the second trip to N.Y.C with a tour guide in a group was only two days and the trip was very enjoyable .
I learned a lot of new facts about the city from the peers .

Traveling in a group led by a tour guide would certainly cost more .
In this case , one has to weigh the price that he would get from a tour guide more .
By traveling with a group he can meet new people and interpret the places in more different ways .
I went to Italy last year with in a group with a tour guide .
The trip was more expensive than I would just go with my friends .
My friends and I were in the same group and within the group we met a lot of people .
By meeting these new people , we could apply different knowledges and understand the Rome with diversity of information .
Although traveling by oneself might be a good experience , traveling in a group is better because of the amount of the information one would get is umlimited .
Were there be more cars in the future comparing to the number of cars used today ?
In today 's world , cars were used everywhere for the efficiency of transportation for people .
They were the necessities of people in this century , and they served as an important tool used today .
In my opinion , I disagreed that number of cars would decrease in twenty years .
In contrast , I believe that the number of cars would increase in the near future .

First , as what I 've mentioned previously , cars were an important usage for the people today .
They made people easier to travel around their country , and they encouraged vacations outside their city .
As people noticed the importance of cars everyday , they would as well encouraged them to buy a car for the sake of their own .
As population increased , more teenagers would dream of having a car .
As more and more people joined this world , more cars would be bought by consumers .
WIth the growth of technology , consumers would have to buy more cars in order to maintain themselves in the world of modern technology .

Second , as more and more people in this world earned more money , they would have the desire to buy more cars rather than one .
Cars were made very attractive these years , and more people were attracted to the beauty and the eloquence of the newly designed cars .
With the amount of fortune they have , they would be easily convinced to buy another car to fulfill their desire .
Owning two or three cars in the garage , people would be able to raise their social standards , and cope with the advancement of modern technologies .

Last but not least , families that consisted of more than six members would have the intention of buying more cars .
One car in this kind of family was definitely not enough .
As the family grew , they would want to change their cars into bigger ones that could fit the entire family .
Furthermore , the family would have to buy extra cars to meet different reasons .
For example , one car could be used to drive children to school , while the other bigger car for family vacation .
Moreover , cars were the only way that families could travel together at a lower price .
Driving a car would only cost you fuel prices , but other transportations such as long distance buses and airplanes would cause you more .

Although many people would forfeit old cars and buy new ones to balance the number , the number of cars would simply increase as more families came to existence in this world .
Cars would grew their importance in this society , and people would begin to recognize their values .
With the help of these cars , people could enjoy themselves more in an advanced society , and more time would be saved .
The controvery , if successful people who try new things and take risks rather than people who only do what the know is an interesting one .
I agree with the idea that innovation and taking risks will rather lead to succsess than on remaining your knowledge you already have .

Think of the world of computing :

+ A company which invest a lot of efford in research ( computers ) and new ideas will probably introduce innovative products .
The customers are attracted to new features , the new product will pushed away the old one .

+ Moreover , a company is be able to gain a higher price for its new product , because it has more functions or is better to use , you can ask for a higher price .
That will lead to bigger economical succsess .

+ When you have new ideas , you are always one step ahead , you are better prepared for future events .
Someone who is doing only the things he already performs , he can react only .

Think of car-makers such as Chrysler Cooperation in the US-market .
They sell big SUV 's , which need a lot of fuel .
Toyota introduced a new generation of hybrid-vehicles .
Their cars are quite succsessful in the market , environment-frindy cars became popular .

DaimlerChryler instead had to close whole plants because no one want to buy their gas-guzzling cars .
And this is just the beginning .
The change of climate on earth is just to begin to change .
People are going to change their mind sometimes , and you are better of if you have new and better ideas for the future .

This leads to the idea that if a person ( or a company ) , who is not dealing with future events , tries new ideas and takes risks , will never be succsessful in the future .
As a summary I would say that new ideas are an investment in future growth .
To say that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' is a lot like saying that someone should be good in everything but be perfect in nothing .

Does that make any sens ?
Everyone should have something they wish to know better ...
that 's why we all have different jobs .
I think we can find a perfect example of having to REALLY know something in particular , in Nipponic society .
Japan is famous for their experts and we have been trying to copy their way of studying for decades .
Does the fact that they know more about one subject in particular , make them less smarter than people who know something about everything ?

I think not .
Of course , having a good cultural background is important , but as long as we follow our desires and believe in the things we do , than there 's NOTHING wrong about neglecting other subjects .

Obviously , this does not apply in an academic enviorment .
as long as we are in school , we MUST study every required subject , but once that 's over , we should be free to expand our own knoledge in the fields we prefer .

If we all knew the same things , we could never teach each other anything !
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
If this statement was false then there would be no new fast cars .
People would have not reached the moon .
Some people like scientists do not keep on doing the same thing , they try new things which are dangerous .
If the scientists would not have researched on different diseases then we would have not got the cure of different diseases which are present now .
The death rate would have increased .

Even in sports people donot use the same tactics in all the games .
They use different tactics in different games which helps them to win their game .
If they use the same tactics then the opponents would take advantage & they will win .
Suppose Pistons uses the same tactics against all the teams they might win for some games but after some games all the teams will come to know that they are using the same tactics and take benefit of that and win from Pistons .
For this reason they use different strategies in different game .
They might loose sometime but as it is said people must learn from their mistakes .
Try new things .

In the beginning of the race of satellites if U.S would have stoped trying after they lost of many space ships then they would had not reached the moon .
U.S is the first country to send their peope on moon .
In the beginning many space ships got blast before going in space .
Many people died to help their country in achieving great heights but they later on used new technology new ideas & they did it .

After working hard using different methods in making cars , today we have various types of fast cars .
If people would have stop trying or would had keep on making same cars there would have been no new fast cars , like there would have been no Cadillac , no ferrari fast cars .
If after building railroads people would have never tried making planes then today people would not have reached one place to another in less time .
It was hard but after the invention of planes today we can go where ever we want on the earth in less time .

What if people would have kept on making telephones and would had not tried to making wireless phones which we call cell phone , then today we could not have called any emergency number like ambulance if we werer outside our homes .
If there were no cell phones at that time then we would have waisted our time to search a phone booth & then call ambulance but till that time there would have been more loss , many people would have died .

For the above reasons I think people must not stop trying new things , they must not get scared from the consequences but they must try .
There are many other things which would have not been invented if people would have not tried new thing .
Try & try until u suceed ...
Living in a time where technologic novelities flood society in rapidly successing waves it seems a little bold to make asumptions about the transportation situation in the next twenty years .
But , nethertheless , I have the courage to say that I do not believe that there will be fewer cars in use by then .
One might argue that the global energy supply will diminish , that the market for new cars might be saturated some time ( perhaps in the industrial nations ... )
that alternatives like buses and the train system will improve further in quality and quantity , and that humans will finally , finally concede that using public transport will help save the environment .
But looking at the situation with a global perspective , the world 's most populated regions like India , China , Southeast Asia have n't even nearly cought up to western standards in individual transportation .
In twenty years , around the globe the demand for this individual transport facilities will have skyrocketed .
If one still will speak of cars , no-one knows .
A brief look at the telecommunications sector will suffice to see how rapidly technology can evolve .
Furthermore , old cars ca n't be desposed of as easily as old telephones or computers .
So , as could be examplified with Cuba where U.S. cars from the 50ies still crowd the streets of La Habana , the new cars of today will probably find their new homes in the poorer regions of earth .
In total , I can not really relate to the idea that the total number of cars circulating on our planet will have diminished in 20 years .
To achieve a reduction in emission of carbondioxide and other waste produced by combustion of fossils it would certainly be helpful to limit the amount of cars .
But as far as I can see , besides of the - usually powerless - environmental activist found in each society , there 's no strong lobby to be found which could enforce a reduction in car volume .
And by the way , what happened to the newest Porsche or the most sophisticated Mercedes Benz ?
Would anyone really want to have them vanished ?
Youngsters are the very basis of a society .
It is them who are energetic and capable enough to manage a nation and move it on the lines of development .
It is them , who form the very backbone of a community .

According to me , i dont think that it would be appropriate to blame all the youngsters for not helping their communities .
Well , we have every type of individual in every walk and every sphere of life and it would be inappropriate on our part to blame the complete lot of youngsters for a few irresponsible youth .

The youngsters do actively participate in cultural , social as well as technological events in a community .
For example ; as in my country India , economy boost is going on all because of efforts of the youngsters engaged in private sector management as well as technical tasks which is a help to the nation .

Then , we can also consider that many social activists are youngsters who take initiatives to wipe off the evils from the society .
Social refom projects are mainly running in collages and schools now-a-days .
The youth of today is more aware of the right and wrong and at times , is even ready to teach their elders about it .
Also as we all know that the prominent literary artists , sports personell etc are the youth who , by their good work , bring name and fame to their community and society all across the world .

Although , i wont deny that certain youths do not participate at all in their community development , rather spoil their future by getting engaged in useless types of works or in antinational activities .
Or , such people would get addicted to drugs or so .

In the end , i would like to conclude that youth now-a-days is pretty responsible and aware of its duties as a lot and should not be underrated or underjudged .
I would say they are spending almost whole of their time for their community development .
I do not think there will be fewer cars than today in twenty years , although I think it would be a positive thing for the environment .
There are many ways to discourage people to use their cars , but these ways are not very often put into practice .
Some countries , like the scandinavian countries , have been very successful in reducing the use of cars .
The methods they used are well-known : tax incentives , available and cheap public transportation , ban on cars in city centers , education and sensibilisation to environmental issues ...

By reducing significantly the use of cars , the standard of living is also enhanced : less pollution , less noise , less trafic jams , less stress ...
All of these are positive consequences of an environment-friendly policy .

Unfortunately , many countries are not following Denmark , Sweden or Norway 's examples .
The United-States for instance are the biggest car-users in the world .
One reason is that it is a very large country , with huge distances to cover .
Another reason is that oil is cheap .
Moreover , the public transportation service is disastrous .
Conveniency is also a reason for the intempestive use of cars : it is easier to take your car than to do a five-minute walk or to catch a bus .
There might also be a cultural element in the American taste for cars .

Given the governments'policy concerning cars , I doubt the use will significantly diminish in twenty years ' time .
An alternative method to escape car pollution might be the search for non polluting devices that would allow to use environment-friendly cars .
Hybrid cars , using partly oil and partly electricity or non-polluting oils , already exist .

But theres is also an economical aspect to the question .
Huge economical interests are at stake .
The oil market deals with enormous amounts of money , and big oil corporations do not want to see their profits decline .
They try to discourage the search for new technologies to replace oil .

But , as the stock of oil will diminish more and more , those technologies will have to be developped anyway .
But , first of all , the international community will have to become aware of this problem .

To conclude , I would like to say that there will probably not be fewer cars in use in twenty years .
But , hopefully , these cars will be environment-friendly cars .
I totally disgree with this statement since it is completely unfaithfull to reality .
We all know that the world population is gradually growing to its extreme .
Of course , and unfortunatelly , this means a consequential growth of many things , such as cities , houses , polution and waste .
That in twenty years fewer cars would be running through our highways seems trully hard to believe .
It makes sense , more people , more cars .
This is the real statement we should bear in mind , and specially when dealing with today 's materialistic society , eager to adquire more and more without caring about any consequence .
Cars , people say , are the reflection of one 's own whealth , and the better it is or the more you have seems to say much about your self .
Luckily , nowadays the concept ecologism appears to be more settle in our society than a few decades ago .
We could say that the human being is , through time , more and more conscious about his environment , something that undoubtfully changes our bad behavioir towards nature .
Public transportation should be of a daily use in our society since it sure helps to reduce the polution generated by single cars .
It is a perfect way to move through the city while meeting interesting people .
We still have much to do about this issue , but I believe a change is possible .
Maybe not in twenty years , nor probably in 50 , but in some future period the use of cars should be radically reduced .
I agree with the opinion that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping out other members of their communities .
The reasons for this are manyfold and it shows how people 's ideas about their responsibilities have been changing over the years .

Perhaps the single most important reason for this is the growing pace of life in the modern world .
Due to the rapid advances in technology , ` staying current ' is an important issue today .
People in general and young people in particular are increasingly concerned about their careers and are forced to spend more and more time updating themselves .
A software engineer for example , would have to learn to program in the latest languages or risk getting fired .

Given these circumstances , the youngsters are faced with more and more challenges at an early stage .
They have to work harder and be more ambitious to have a successful career .
An unforunate outcome -- younsters are becoming more and more self-centered and do not spend enough time helping their communities .
And this is why we see more and more old people moving to the home for the aged , because their children are too busy with their careers .

Even in countries where there are rules for younsters to do community service ( in the form of serving in the army , say ) , they work only in a half-hearted manner and are concerned about their private lives and their careers to a much greater extent .
One , cannot , of course , blame them for they are not expected to compromise their lives for the sake of the community .

Concluding , I think that the main reason towards this shift is the growing influence of technology and the fast-paced world which is turning peop
Since the creation of cars , the number of cars constantly grew notably in the advanced and developed countries such as Great Britain , United-States of America , France and so on .
We will see why there will be fewer cars in twenty years than there are today .

First of all , the costs of cars decrease that means more people are able to purchase a car .
It is possible thanks to the competition between car industries , there are greater competition now than before and I expect that will be the sams thing in the future through the globalization and the outsourcing in poor countries or in developing countries which decrease the price of cars > Secondly , in our days , the cars facilitate the life .
Cars are part of our life because cars are very efficient .
In order words , for example , I have a car and I can go everywhere that I want , I have not the constraints of waiting the public tranportation , to see at what time the transport vehicules will come .
Moreover , when I go to the supermarket and I buy a lot of water , it is far better to use your car rather than the public transportation .

Thirdly , with cars , you can see and visit your family more frequently than before .
Because cars go fast the distance between you and your families , friends or people you want to see is shorter .

To pocess a car is like a liberty of moving , you can do whatever you want in term of tranportation .
To conclude , cars are a important tools of our life , you can use it for a lot of reason such as for going to work , to go to see people , to go to buy something while the public transportation is time over , you can use it to put things that you cannot take if you have not car like a big television .
In addition , you can go to travel with your familly , somtimes it is cheaper to use your cars than to take the airplane or train .
For all those reasons , social and economical , there will have more cars in 20 years .
With the emergence of developing countries such as China , Brazil , there will be even more cars .
I disagree with the above statement for , simply put , it means `` Jack of all trades and master of none '' .
I certainly have no idea who came up with this particular phrase but I do percieve it to be very true and apt .
A `` broad knowledge '' to my understanding may be defined as enough facts to project a scholarly image in refined society .
In other words , claiming to have a read a book by reading its ' back cover .
Limited knowledge of multiple topics is of no real use unless a person 's vocation requires him to possess such knowledge .

Specialization on the other hand is what leads to pure genius .
Certainly some men are born a true genius .
But others can get there through hard and consistent work in their particular field meaning specialization .
To support my idea I put forward four exemplaries , Indian nuclear scientists - Dr. Homi Bhaba , Vikram Sarabhai , Raja Ramanna , Dr. Abdul Kalam .
These men shaped Indian nuclear history .
They absorbed nuclear science into their very blood and brought about a revolution in the nuclear field .
India owes its present day nuclear status to these men who laid the foundation stone for the edifice of Indian Nucleardom .
What would be our status today if these men settled for a broad outlook on general knowledge ?

But this is not to indicate that specialization makes every person reach the heights that these four have achieved .
But certainly an in-depth knowledge of any subject leaves the individual with a personal sense of satisfaction for actually having achieved a milestone and also brings him a respectful position in society where his achievement is appreciated by both his friends and others .
If we , for example take a heart specialist or a engineer constructing houses , they cannot hope to execute their respective tasks without specialization in their fields .
They touch the live of all the people they serve and in addition to their remuneration , they also earn the lasting gratitude of the people for a service well-rendered .
The most common idea of marketing is `` to sell the product at any cost '' .
And as advertisement , as well as in TV as in newspapers , is a way of marketing , the goal is also pretty clear .
They want to show their product from its best side .
Who would buy a burger if it looks like crap .

For example an advertisement from Burger King , to continue with the `` burger business '' .
The company is now marketing its newest burger , the Cheesy Bacon XXL .
You see their advertisement and absolutely want to eat that burger immediately .
But why is that so ?
Because they will show you a situation of complete satisfaction .
Everybody is happy and everybody eats that burger that looks so good .
Maybe they are also singing a song which is easy to remember and hard to forget , so that you will keep that advertisement in mind , for a very long time .

But after a while , you are thinking about that Burger again , but the only things you remember , are the happy people , who are singing this song , and that makes you feel good .
You probably think you will be as happy as the people in the commercial if you eat that burger .

Another example is definitely the car companies .
There is probably no other branch , which is paying so much money for their marketing .
But the principles are the same as it is with Burger King .
You have to attract people and show your product from it 's best side , thats all what matters primarily .
Lets just have a look at the new Mercedes-Benz E-Class .
Somehow they say its the now model but there are only some small differences between the new and the old one .
But even though , the commercial is so good , that I love that car .
Because they had maybe some special effects or a cool music in the background .

These are the things that matter .
If the product is really awsome does n't really matter in an good advertisement .
So the quote is true , that `` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' .
But there are so many indepedent sources which will give you clear information about a product , that it does n't really matter .
Learning concepts and facts are two common elements in the process of learning .
However , which one is important than the other one ?
I disagree with the statement that `` It is more important for students to understands ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
In my point of view , learning facts is much more important than learning concepts and ideas .

It is important to learn facts in the begining of a learning process .
Before learning a new thing , we have no ideas about it .
Therefore it is important to us know about the facts which are most outter side of a thing .
For example , when a baby is learning what an apple is , they only recognize that an apple is a round red thing .
He does not need to know that apple is a fruit which is an living thing and how it grows .

Another example is that when we study history , we always have know about the facts first .
We have to know what , where , when and how first .
After we knowing the facts , we starts learning the concepts and ideas which are hidden in the facts .
Therefore , learning the facts is important because it is the first step of a learning prcess .

Moreover , learning facts is important because it is a easy and direct way to learn something .
Understanding ideas and concepts play a supporting role in the process of learning .
It is because understanding ideas and concepts allows us to know more about how the facts work in their ways .
If we only understand ideas and concepts but not focus on the facts , we do not even know what we are learning and absorbing .
In other words , it is useless to only know the ideas but ignore the facts .
Facts are concrete and solidary things that we have to know about in learing .

In conclusion , it is imprtant for students to learn facts that it is for them to understand ideas and conc
Students learn many subjects in school .
Teachers feel difficulties how to teach .
Some people think that studying facts is more important than studying ideas and concepts .
On the other hand , others believe that learning ideas and concepts is more important than leaning facts .
In my opinon , knowing ideas and concepts is more important than knowing facts .
I will explain reasons to support my view .

Ideas and concepts is helpful for students to understand facts .
First of all , ideas and concepts are besic of all facts .
Without basic theories , students can not understand facts .
For instance , there are many theories to understand people 's behaviors in psychology .
I could understand others behaviors and my feelings by understanding these theories .
Secondly , using ideas and concepts , individuals can develop ideas and extend their view of points .
In short , ideas and concepts should be learned first .

Learning ideas and concepts enable students to solve problem quickly .
First of all , students can think issues logically because ideas and concepts make problems easier to understand .
Secondly , students learn skills effectively .
For instance , to learn language , such as English , students need to learn grammer and structure .
Only listening native speaker 's conversations is not enough to master English .
In brief , ideas and concepts is useful for students .

Of course , learning facts is also important .
However , usually facts are matters to support ideas or concept , therefore facts are supplyment for them .
In addition , observing facts is interesting and students are attracted study by wathing facts , yet after all students need ideas or concepts to study their interests deeply .

To conclude , ideas and concepts is a neccesity for students to consider subject deeply .
On the other hand , facts are only one aspect of real phenomenon .
Hence , it is not difficult to say that leaning ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
In my opinion today it is more important to specialize in one specific subject .
Each field of science has developed very fast and branched out widely during the last 100 years .
Today it is not even possible to have knowledge about each part of a scientific area .
For example the area of physics can be devided into hundreds of different parts .
There is the research of atomic behaviour in contrast to the research of forces that influence movements in our universe .
Each new inventions that humanitiy makes becomes more and more complex so that even one single person ca n't undestand all of it .
So it is important to specialize in one subject .

On the other side a point for a broad knowledge is that all this specific knowledge has to be combined to become an efficient solution .
By remaining in the scientific field of physics it can be mentioned that results that came up in atomic research have big influence to research on the whole universe .
Thus there has to be a person who recognizes relationships between to diffrent areas of research .

The problem occuring with this contradictionary ideas is that there has to be one part of people who have to specialize and another part that posses a broad knowledge to have an overview over all fields of researches .

So by choosing the major subject at a university it is evident that the student knows in which position he wants to work in his or her later life .
Will he or she go very far into detail of a subject or more have an overview about a subject .

Thus at the end I have to conclude that there ca n't be a `` yes '' or `` no '' on the statement .
It depends on what the person who has to decide likes better .
Taking a job with caractaristics of leadership , then decide for broad knowledge .
Choosing more scientific detailed work then it is better to have a specific knowledge .
When we know a specific topic or we discuss an argument , and we are well aware of what we write or speak about , most of the times we bring ideas , concepts and facts .

The idea and concept are necessary to be able to define and describe a general concept .
If we start any description , it is necessary that first we have a clear and defined general information about it and that we can put it above all the necessary explanations we have to give in support of it .
Many times we have to use many ideas or concepts to describe a specific argument , but it would never be clear to describe any topic , without the use of more detailed and clear explanation of the elements , that can only be brought with facts .

Let 's think about history and let 's try to rely only on general concepts about the history of Romans : it is certainly very important to know that the Romans have been conquerors , but it would n't be useful if we do n't support the information with more specific information , such as the time they passes teh Alps or went to the sea and had the Punic wars .

In order to be clear , it is necessary to have a wide and clear vision of the elements of the discussion and that would be certainly represented by ideas and concepts , but in order to go deeper in the description , it is necessary to bring specific examples of what we are speaking about .
In a literature class , it is necessary to know the main elements of the Romanticism period in terms of concepts and ideas , but it would be impossible to understand the meanings of the genre if we do n't bring specific facts to surround the ideas , like who was the main representative of the period or what was written .

Students actually would use many of the facts to remember and support general ideas and concepts , that otherwise might be difficult to remember .
I think that a stuudent should be able to understand facts and concepts , but it is necessary that he supports those general elements with specific facts .
I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use twenty years from today .
The question at hand is highly controversial as many people believe otherwise due to various reasons such as increasing pollution and fuel costs .
However , I still believe that the number of cars on road will increase .

Going by statistics , there is no sign to show that car sales is decreasing .
Every year , more and more number of cars are being sold across the globe .
The rapid rise of several coountries such as India and China will only increase the car markets for the manufacturer , leading to higher production .
Thus , there is no indication whatsoever to believe that the number of cars will decrease in the next twenty years .

Also , due to the generally risng standards of people , and the car manufacturers desiging and manufacturing cheaper and more efficient cars give rise to the speculation that as more and more people are able to aford a car , they will go ahead and purchase one .
One another major reason for this the rapid increase in the number of roadways avaliable in the world .
More and more number of countries have now started building broader and smoother highways .
Thus , improved infrastucture is not only an indicator of the trend that more people are going to invest in cars , it is also an incentive .

Many people might feel that due to the increasing awareness about the negetive effect of cars on air pollution and the rising oil prices , the number of cars may decrease in the coming years .
However , most of the companies have already taken a note of these factors , and working their way around these problems rapidly .

Hybrid cars had already hit the road a long time back .
Cars are also being developed which run on alternative fuels , such as edible oil and CNG ( Compressed Natural Gas ) .
These new innovations will make sure that the enviornmental pollution is kept under check and at the same time , the cars become less dependent on oil .
In fact , various research institutes across the globe are trying to harness the solar energy to drive modern cars !

Given the present trends , and the efforts made by research institutes and car manufacturers , I believe that number of cars on roads will only increase as the years pass by .
Speacializing in one specific subject , is much more effective than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
In the early years there were n't lots of scientists and doctors .
If i was at that time i would have chosen to have a broad knowledge opposing to have one specific subject to spealize in .

yet , these days education is improving and there is competion between people .
Therefore , i would rather speacialize in one area inorder to ` shine ' and be known for my uniqeness in this area .

In the past years there would be one doctor whom you went to , it didnt matter what you were feeling , whether it was a pain in your stomache or or a problem with your eye sight you still went to ` the doctor ' .
Nowadays , doctors are more an more speacialized .
Even pediatritions are now more speacilized where each doctor is concerned about one part of the human body .

Furthermore , have a look at teachers .
in primay school we usually had a class teacher which taught us all subjects .
English , Math , Science and the rest of the subjects .
yet , when we moved to high school we started realizing that teachers were to a greater sense more speacalized , we had a teacher for each subject .
Not only that but take Science as an example , not only did we have a teacher for science , but we had a different teacher for Physics , Biology and Chemistry .

Moving on to university we start choosing our major .
Take buisness for example .
You speacilize in major and you find the different smaller topic in buisness , which shows you how speacilized it is .
What i am trying to prove here , is that this decsion is already made , no one is able to take lots of subjects and not speaclize in one major .
You only have the opportuinty to choose one major , and sometimes you are able to choose a double major , since some subjects are related to each other , like business and accounting .

By speacilizing in one subject , you find it easier to find a job after university , and when you start working its motivating and self - fullfilling to feel that you know your major well , and this makes you like your job and appreciate it .
This is why it is very important to choose your major carefully , since this will be the subject you will speacilize in and live with .
It is possible to change your career but i feel its a shame to waste all these years of studying and start from the beginning
On the world market more and more new inventions and trends are available .
There are some people who like to follow new trends and others who prefer to stick to more traditional things .
Both sides of the question offer advantages and disadvantages .

Some people are more afraid of uncertainty , that means they like to do , use or talk about things they already know in order to be sure about the outcomings .
They do not like an unknown situation with unpredicable outcomings .
This behaviour can be positive as no or only predicable risks are taken , but also a bit boring as there are little changes .

The other group of people is more willing to take risks and try new and unknown things in order to improve their living situation and to be more successful .
This kind of living behavior can bring a lot of advantages .
First , you cannot really proceed in your life if you do not give new things a chance .
There must be room for inventions , otherwise it will be hard to keep path with your social environment .
To underline my opinion , the example of a mobile phone is used .
When it was first launched , many people were sceptical about this invention .
Those who were open enough to try it , had the risk about spending too much money as they choose the first and only tariff which was higher than other suppliers , but they were connected to the world .
Another example is the internet .
It changed the whole world and people belonging to the group not willing to try new things have disadvantages .
They are somehow disconnected from the rest of the world .
In a business environment companies without the internet could not be successful and could not survive .
Second , people trying new things can have more fun and changes in their lifes .
As they are open to new things they have the opportunity to discover so much more than the other group and find more opportunities to be even more successful .

Being careful about new things is important , but not adapting to any changes can be harmfull as well .
In my opinion , everyone should somehow listen to an inner voice about how far one would go and how many risks one would take .
But not moving and always keeping to old things cannot improve a persons life .
Therefore , to put it in a nutshell , eveyone should try to keep path with its social environment in order to be successful , but not taking any risks one is not ready for .
The problem we are dealing with is the lake of interest of young people to spend time to helping their communities .

It is a big problem that needs to be solved .
On the one hand , there is a rising number of requirements young people have to deal with .
There are a lot of things to manage .
Nowadays , young people have to do good results at school or at the university to get a well-paid job later .
Most of them are expected to make a good career .
They often have a lot of hobbies or activities and , last but not least , they also have to manage their social life .
All these activities take a lot of time , sure .
On the other hand , there must be a solution of the problem , we have to look into its matter .

First , there has to be a good time management .
Young people should learn to spend their time useful .
Adult people should support the young people with good advices or with more .
Parents can suggest a usefull activity to their child .
They could drive their child to a soccer game and pick him or her up after the game to do some work in the helping center for homeless people , for example .
Parents also could suggest to work in a local helping-station for animals .
It could be interesting work for a child , where it can learn to be responsible and to take care of others .

Moreover , social work would increase and improve the social skills of a child or a young man or women .
That does mean , that this young person may become more able to deal with problems or to solve conflicts in his life .
It also could mean that the young person will simply be able to communicate better with others .

Whereas the young people have already enough to do is actually being debated .
Despite all sorrows there are a lot of advantages of social work and work for communities .
This work does help both sides .
There are a lot of people travelling on vacation .
Some people go to abroad while some people travel in the country .
They either travel individually or in a group led by a tour guide .
For my opinion , I think it is better to travel with a tour guide because it is more convenient , economical and safe .

To start with , when travelling to the place we do not know individually not using the tour guide , we may wonder where to go and what to do .
Also , we have to check the airplane or bus we have to ride , check the weather and so on .
On the other hand , if we just go to the tour guide shop tell where they want to go , the touris would kindly introduce us a perfect plan .
They would probably plan to go to several popular places and prepare traditional food .
Therefore , being in a group led by a tour guide is very convenient and easy when we are travelling .

Moreover , the more people we travel with , the less we have to pay individually .
The tour guide plan includes the fee of staying , trabelling , food and so on .
Since they move with a group , all the things will be chaper than travelling individually .
For example , the Tokyo Disney Land costs more than 5000 yen in dividually .
If we go as a group , however , costs only 3000 yen .
It is more economical to be in a group .
Also , we may get friends if we travel in a group .
It will be more exciting and fun if we make friends and enjoy the trip .

Lastly , it is much safe to travel with a lot of people instead of travelling alone .
Also , the tour guide knows about the place and know what to do on emergencies .
We would feel more camfortable if we travel with many people , too .

To conclude , travelling in a group led b a tour guide is the best way .
It is convenient because we do not have to plan the trip .
Also , it would be very cheap but safe if we travel with a lot of people .
It is the best idea to rely on the tour guide and have a relaxing travel .
In my opinion , it is better to specialize in one specific subject in an academic study .
There are several advantages of both paths , however specializing in one topic would enable us to concentrate on one subject and to deal with its details closer .

The main reason behind my belief is that there is not enough time to learn everything and have a deep understanding of every subject .
By the increase in the knowledge in acedemic subjects , we have to have more time to consider all spheres of one specific subject .
For instance , a political science student could not have a deep understanding of the Middle East culture and politics in an education period of four years .
In addition to his undergraduate education , he has to have a research in Middle East and should attend to a university or an institute which is specialized on Middle East .
Actually an avarege life of a person is not sufficient to have a perfect knowledge of one specific subject .

In modern societies , the division of labor demands more specialized individuals and the society is evolving into a hegemony of technocrats .
Beginning with the movement of rationalization in the nineteenth century and with the improvement of technology , we have more detailed subjects to deal with , contary to pre-modern times .
So , there it is not only my preference to get specialized in one specific subject , but it is a necessity for the society .
The details are increasing and we ought to get consistent with this development .

We also need to consider that specializing in one specific subject would be meaningless , if it is so independent from the context which it is belonged to .
For example , it would be meaningless to know everything about the history and the culture of the Middle East , if the person would not have the enough information about the history of the whole world and the relation between civilizations .

In conclusion , as a result of the development of the modern societies , people have to specialize in one specific subject .
because there is not enough time to deal with many academic subjects .
I 'm learning politics at the university and it is very hard to agree with this statement .
It is also hard to response whether concepts or historical facts are the most important to know because I think that we hardly need to refer to common concept to gain some time between poeple who share the same knowledge but those concept are in general tightly linked to the context from were they are born .

To explain something for instance a governement composition , action or organisation we 'll need to refer to common concept such as `` checks and balances '' , `` proportionnal majority '' , `` executif power '' , and so on ..
You and your auditor must share the same definition of such terms to understand each other .

But at the same time , in order to really catch the meaning of this words or concept , you need as an intellectual process to refer to something concrete .
For instance , as you may talk about dictature you will often refer to Hitler .
When you talk about communism , you will think about what happened during cold war between the United States and Russia .

Ideas and concepts are not more nor less important than facts .
The both are hardly linked in my experience Working only in an abstract way using combination of concepts to explain something would be , at first , very hard to understand because at the first concept you do n't understand you would be lost and furthermore you may not remember what you ' ve been listening for hours long .
Secondly , I think that even in politics wich is called a science , poeple may share different definitions of a single concept for instance : democracy .
Is a fascist party democratic ?
no ?
Not allowing that very party to take part of election is more democratic ?

Concept and Ideas need the facts and context to be understood .
And we can say that to really classify a fact or a context in an intelligible category we need concepts and ideas that we share .
This explosion is called an insurection , this one an incident , this one a revolution and so on .
Nowadays , advertisement is a world-wide phenomenon that tends to pry even in our privacy .
In my opinion , it seems obvious that most advertisements try to make products appear better than they really are .

To begin with , we must not forget that business is business .
Then , no matter how despicable the means are , the sole purpose is to make money .
That is why ads always bludgeon the would-be customer into buying something .
To do so , ads are expected to attract people 's attention at all costs .

Moreover , advertisements often convey the picture of an ideal and perfect world .
For instance , as far as the clothing industry is concerned , we all have seen ads showing sculptural bodies wearing marvellous garments !
Unfortunately , the average citizen does not look like the models so he or she feels quite frustrated .
Giving a product a better appearance than its real one turns out to be an unwholesome way to convince the customer to buy something .

To a certain extent , this phenomenon is linked to the kind of brainwashing people experience under totalitarian regimes , namely it tries to put everyone ine the same single mold without taking care of individuals .
You have to be careful if you do not want to be influenced and this requires a great amount of self-control .
One solution could lie in education : we should teach children how to have their own opinions in spite of what is shown to them .
This could probably prevent such dangerous drifts ( if this kind of advertising was not so efficient it would have certainly been abandoned ! ) .

Thus , we may affirm that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
By no means must we forget that the main purpose is to make profit so we would rather try not to be influenced .
I think that it could be much better if enough safety nets were established but you know : every law has a loophole !
I believe that older people enjoy life more than young people do because they have lots of time for themselves and they are not occupied by things like pressure to success and sacrifice for family .
Therefore , I think older people are more likely to enjoy their life than young people do .

One reason why older people can enjoy their lives better than young people do is because they have lots of time for themselves .
People , as they grow old , retire and have time for themselves .
Because they have a lot of free time , they can do whatever they want to do .
Today , young people seems to forget what they like to do because they have no time to think about it .
When someone is old , he or she can do things that they have wanted to do for their lives .
Not only can they do things they wanted to do , but also they can learn to do new things .
Just because one is aged , that does not mean that he or she cannot learn new things .
Because they have free time and mind , I think , their ability to learn new things is higher than ever .

Furthermore , old people do not need to sacrifice for anything .
Old people have sacrificed themselves for their whole life .
Young people seems to have no time for themselves because they have lots of things are going on around them .
Young people are devoted to their work , family , and future .
Most young people have goal and work hard to achieve that goal .
When people are young , they tend to think about succuss , not fun .
Enjoying and fun is for people who have time to stop and look back .
These days , young people do not even have time to think about what they have done two or three hours ago .
How can a person who is so focused and dedicated for something think about stopping everything to enjoy one 's life ?
People say whatever it is , there is an order .
People need to be educated to success .
They need to work hard to achieve their goal .
When they reach their goal , then they need to take a rest .
Only then people can enjoy their lives .

Consequently many people say that young people enjoy life more than older people do because they are more energetic and active .
But I disagree .
I believe older people can enjoy life better and more than young people do because they have free time and mind , and done everything that they need to .
Older people are the ones who have finished and done their purpose of life .
They worked hard for their whole lives to accomplish the goal once they have set .
Like young people , they need to sacrifice themselves for their family and work .
For their whole lives , they have no time to enjoy their lives .
But now they have both the time and right to enjoy their lives .
Nothing is hold them back from anything .
Because they have free time and mind , they can understand and experience the true joy of life .
The question whether traveling in an organized tour with a guide is an enjoyable enterprise depends very much on the travel destination , the personal travel companions , and the physical fitness required for a certain trip .

If I wanted to go to a destination , where I do not speak the language , do n't know the local customs or where there are specific regions to avoid , due to , e.g. , civil unrest , I would prefer traveling in a group .
The protection of a larger amount of people and a , hopefully , well informed and capable guide can make the journey much safer and more enjoyable .
Also , if I would want to travel with someone who needs a certain degree of comfort and protection , such as an aging parent , a group might be a good idea .
And then there is of course the company and ease a group can provide when you travel either alone or with a difficult companion , because there are always people to share your thoughts and feelings with .

However , a group can never offer the sense of adventure and indepedence an individually organized trip can infuse you with .
Also , it may be much more exciting , pure , and romantic to see new places without the filter of the group experience and opinion , and the pre-determined judgements a travel guide may confront you with .
Would n't it be wonderful to visit a Buddhist termple alone or with your best friend or your spouse in the moonlight , to see the golden buddha gleam , and feel close to the spiritual world ?
Imagine how disruptive the chatter of a group or the insistent lectures of a guide could be in such a moment .

All in all , the decision whether to travel with a group or alone depends on a whole number of factors and expectations , and the success and enjoyment of a journey can certainly already be decided by this initial choice .
For nearly every product some kind of advertisement can be found .
Today there are so many different kinds of advertisements , that the question is hard to answer .
I think one should distinguish between the most common forms of advertisement which are tv - and radio spots , advertisement in magazins , advertisement on posters in the streets , productplacement in movies and direct advertisement by the salesman .

All these forms have one thing in common : Only the favorable aspects of the product will presented .
From that point of view one could admit to the given statement .
TV-spots for example also have the possibility to evoke several emotional reactions by using touching pictures in combination with music .
In a less effective way print - and radio - advertisement can be used for that effect , too .
This is a very subtile aspect of advertisement .
Product placement and tv-spots can also tempt the consumer to associate several properties with the product which are not mentioned directly but associated with the persons , using the product .
With respect to all these facts one still has to consider , that a consumer usually never obtains wrong information .
One should always be aware of these emotional instruments in advertisement .
We always have the option to consult other sources for more information about a product .
Advertisement will only show us the positive aspects of the products .
Considering the argument above I do not agree with the statement , that advertisement makes products seem much better than they really are !
In fact advertisment is an not complete information .
Only by assuming that the product has no disadvantages the consumer may consider a product to be better than it actually is .
But this is the consumers fault , who evaluates a product although having incomplete information about it .
The purpose of advertisment always is to demonstrate the benefits a product provides never to provide complete information .
We should keep that in mind and remember it next time we watch tv or read a magazin !
I agree with the statement and think that it is important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specialize in one particular subject .
Firstly , a broad knowledge of subjects helps an individual learn a lot more in different fields and opens up his mind .
This helps him think in various perspectives than a single one .
For instance , if a doctor were asked if the height of a door in the house was appropriate acccording to the height of the roof in the planning of a house , he would be perplexed and refer an architect .
On the other hand , the same question would be answered by an individual who studied all subjects moderately more clearly or atleast with a brief idea .

Secondly , the knowledge of a broad spectrum of subjects reflects versatility of a person and helps him get into various types of careers opening up more avenues and increasing his flexibility in terms of choosing a career rather than limiting himself to one particular field .
For example , although an architect specializes in his field an architect with an additional MBA degree would be preferred due to his broader domain of knowledge helping him perform better than the one with a single architect degree .

Thirdly , a variety of subjects help an individual in increasing awareness and general knowledge which is very important in the competetive world of today .
One who is ahead in this race ascends the steps of success at a faster rate .
If we compare an invidual who knows the basics of all subjects with one who knows everything about one particular subject and nothing about anything else , it is but obvious that the former would get an upper hand in more number of fields in life than the latter .

Finally , it is important to know the basics of all subjects which can be built upon later depending on the career we choose to take up .
This helps us in increasing our chances of survival in this world of ever increasing competition .
`` A specialist is a person who knows more and more about less and less '' .
I remember coming across this statement when considering whether I should go for doctoral studies and then dropping my plans .
I decided I wanted to be a generalist rather than a specialist .

I believe that it is more important to have a broad knowledge of many subjects rather than specialize in just one subject .
There are many reasons why I think so .
Let me discuss them one by one .

The purpose of education is not just to learn about specific topics , but to learn the process of learning .
Let me take technology as an example to illustrate my point .
Technology changes so swiftly that what we learn in college soon becomes outdated .
So , how does knowing everything about one particular technology benefit a person ?
Instead , students should concentrate on learning a breadth of technologies so that they can quickly adapt tp new technologies .

Broad knowledge of a number of subjects also broadens the students ' perspective .
They learn to appreciate a larger variety of things .
Think about hypothetical students who never studied American History .
Would they be able to enjoy the comic historical references in the movie `` Forrest Gump '' ?
Think of how children would appreciate and remember the names of planets if they knew that these were derived from Roman mythology .
Would it not be interesting for students to know that Jupiter is the the king of Roman gods and that is probably the reason the largest planet in the solar system is given the name ?
These examples might be trivial , but they indicate that broad knowledge increases the ability of students by broadening their point of view .

Another reason to study many different subjects is that real-life situations require an inter-disciplinary approach .
We need to know about a lot of things to be able to solve real life problems .
For example , for people to figure out how information technology can help in business , they need to have some understanding of both information technology and business .
While it might be argued that a team approach to such problems need not require people to know more than one subject , I disagree .
An interdisciplinary team will only be effective when each specialist is learning from others and in effect , becoming more and more generalist .

Finally , once a foundation of a broad academic experience is laid , it is understandable that some people may want to specialize .
Doctors often specialize in heart , brain or the bones .
But each one already has a foundation of learning about the whole body and how it functions .
Ever saw a doctor who knows only about heart attacks and does not know what body temperatures imply fever ?

So , in conclusion , a foundation of broad knowledge of a number of academic subjects needs to be laid for the reasons of mastering the learning process , broadening world view and being able to solve real world interdisciplinary problems .
Once the foundation has been layed , it is upto the individual to decide whether to go for more specialization in his or her field of interest .
I , agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Young children enjoy their life to a full extant .
They dont have any responsibilities on them .
They play and have fun with their friends .
They dont have any burdens and are usually stress free .
They are always with smiling faces and by looking at them any one can be relieved from their tensions .

They are always joyful , they try to entertain others through their fun filled plays .
They always are very creative and quick at imagining things .
They usually pose some questions which parents some times feel in answering .
They try to explore new things with things around them with their creative mind .

They usually like stories of commics , and stories of tales through which they can know what is good and what is bad .
They love watching cartoons because they feel them to be funny , they also learn lot from those cartoons .
Some are very much interested in games .
They play lot of fun filled games .
They can refresh their mind and also do excersice to their brain and body

If they are very good at games , they can also participate in national level games and bring honour to their school and family .
They can also participate in many cultural events that take place in school or in their neighbour hood .
By this they can entertain people .
and also entertain themselves .
They feel very happy for their small success .

But , older people because of their hectic life and too many responsibilities dont have enough time to enjoy to a full extant .
They hardly get time during weekends to enjoy with family .
They can refresh their mind only in the night after coming from their office by listening to music and by watching television .

So , yonger people enjoy life more than older peole , as they have much leisure time and are not usually burdened with too much responsibilities .
People usualy say `` No risk no gain '' .
I adhere to this principle .
In order to get unconventional success one has to aquire unconventional means rather than sticking to conventional ways and just manage to do well .
So the statement that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' , is true .

Our history gives the evidence that how courageous and enterprising people excelled .
In primitive days when sailing was difficult and dangerous , people with pluck set out to sail and ventured new land and accumulated wealth .
These people are still refered to as successful people .
Did primitive people stick to conventions and would have been complacent with their simple life , our world would have had a different face today .

In an entirely different scenarioI would like to bring in an example of a motorbike company .
This motorbike company had a monopoly in the sector of two stroke bikes .
I remember every youth those days was interested in buying this perticular bike .
Suddenly one compititor of this motor bikelaunched into the market a four stroke bike with a better mileage .
This new bike in the market was the hot cake now and the company that had the monopoly earlier strted losing grounds in the market .
Though this is an example of a manufacturing company but the moral of the story can very well be used for people also .
The reason why the successful motorbike manufaturing company lost it 's market was that the company was complacent with it 's performance and it never felt the need to innovate or take new risks in the field .

So in nutshell it can be said that being enterprising and taking risk are one of the greates attributes of a successful person .
And by breaking the conventions successful people acheive unconventional results .
Enjoying life depends on a decision and not on a the age or the circumstance that a person is going through .

I have known many old people who are happier and healthier than many teenagers and adults .
I know , for example , a 60-year-old woman who has more energy than two teenagers together .
I might be exaggerating , but her attitude toward life impresses me a lot .
She swims every day , she goes to the beauty parlor all the weekends and she has her own business .
In fact , she told me last time that she won the first place in a 2000-meter swimming competition in the Atitlan Sea .
She is also the most hyperactive person that I have ever known .
She likes to joke and she is smiling everytime I look at her .

On the other hand , I know a 30-year-old man who always wakes up tired and upset and who hates his job .
When I go to visit him , he is either eating or watching Tv .
I sometimes do not like to talk to him , because he is always speaking negatively .
His bad attitude sometimes scares me .

Because of this two examples given , I believe that enjoying life does not depend on someone 's age .
I am sure that the woman , whom I wrote about , wakes up every day expecting something new and that she is thankful that she has a new day to experience .
She has a possitive attitude and she is the one who decides to have a special day .

The other man could have a terrible job and a terrible house , but if he wants and decides to make of them something pleasant and enjoyable , he will make a paradise out of it .

It conclusion , I disagree with the statement .
Happiness depends on the person 's attitude and decisions .
There has been a continuous change in the world for several years .
I think that the ongoning chage will continue for the following centuries .
The changes will have particular effect on daily subjects like transportation , work life , education system and so on .
In the light of this idea , I definitely think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Actually there are three main reasons that will cause this decrease .

First of all , the oil reserves on the earth has been decreasing .
The decrease in the amount effects the oil prices .
Even in the last 3 years the oil prices increased dramatically .
I think that , this increase will continue according to the decrease in oil reserves on the earth .
As the price of oil increases , the number of people who can afford a car will decrease and the total number of cars will diminish .
Secondly , I think that cars are not a good way of transportation and in twenty years , other means of trasportation will be invented .
The cars are not feaxible to be used in both over the sea and in the air .
As the requirements of the humankind increases , they will search for more flexible means of transportation .
For instance , flying vehicles can be invented in twenty years and that can be very feasible to used .
Therefore the car requirement will decrease and there will be less vehicles called ` cars ' .

Lastly , by the spread of internet and its tools , the requirement for transportation may decrease and as a result the number of cars can diminish .
Since internet is widely used both in our transactions and eduation , in twenty years , students attending their lectures from home may increase .
Actually , this system has already been started to be used in several countries and appreciated by the users .
Furthermore there is a new consept called `` telecommuting '' which means doing your job at home by means of phone , internet and fax .
This system is very suitable for several jobs today .

To conclude , I think that the use of cars will decrease in twenty years .
According to the decrease in the oil reserves , increase in the requirements of flexibility and spread of internet all over the world will have particular effect on the number of the cars in the traffic .
Man have travelled for as long as he has lived in society .
The characteristic of most of today 's travelling is that it is motivated not by economic or political necessity , but by pleasure .
Leisure and this search for pleasure is at the root of the tourism industry .
Understanding the sources of this pleasure provides a solid base to comprehend the best ways to travel .

Where is a person 's pleasure in travelling rooted ?
I believe in curiosity : in being exposed to new situations , enjoying beautiful scenery , getting to know different ways of living , and being a part of other customs and cultures .
It is important to note that the satisfaction of this curiosity is greater when it emerges from personal discoveries .
The best way to travel is , hence , the one which favors and maximizes the satisfaction of curiosity in these two dimensions .

Travelling can be led by a tour guide , or simply alone - in group or individually .
In order to decide which is best , one must ponder the new things one would like to see and learn , on one part , and the possibility of discovering these individually , on the other .
Unfortunately , frequently these do not imply each other , meaning that waiting to discover the marvels of the places a person travels to generally takes time and energy , limiting the places and important things one visits and sees .
The choice of travelling with a guide permits maximizing the experiences , knowledge and sightseeing , but generally minimizes the possibility of discovering these individually .

Considering these , I prefer travelling with a tour book that introduces me on the most important sightseeing and culture enrichening experiences , but does not hinder the possibilities of running off track for some time and discover new things personally .
This is the way I travelled Central America last summer , and it was certainly a gratifying experience .
I have also travelled led by a tour guide - to Cuzco and Macchu Picchu , Peru - and although it was a great experience , being able to discover things by yourself as you travel is truly rewarding .
I have also travelled alone , to Bolivia , but at many times I felt I did not know where to go .

Travelling with a book , instead of a tour guide - in group or individually - seems to maximize the often antithetic sources of pleasure in travel : exposure to new surprising experiences and scenery and the satisfaction of personal discoveries .
There are many reasons why people tend to think that younger people enjoy life more than older people .
The two following main elements can be considered : young people are more carefree and have less responsabilities and young people enjoy a better health which enables them to do engage in more physical activities .
With the content of this essay I intend to refute these two statements and explain why I belive older people can enjoy life just as much or even more than younger people .

First of all , it is believed that younger people are a lot more carefree and have less responsabilites than older people .
I believe that this statement is offset by the fact that younger people are subject to mental conventions and a lack of knowledge that does not make it possible for them to have complete freedom .
The classical example is that of an average high school in which there are the popular people , the people that want to be popular and the people who are different from everyone else .
In this typical high school setting teenagers are tortured because they are made to believe that if they do not posess certain physical , monetary of personality attributes they will never be popular and therefore , they will never be happy .
When people become adults and gain more inteligence , they realize that what they were worrying and stressing about is completely irrelevant in terms of achieving happiness .
This means that with that inteligence older people actually have freedom of mind , not to mention financial freedom which is considerably easier to obtain as an adult than as a student or young adult .

Furthermore , it is believed that younger people are able to enjoy life more because they have better physical health .
These days with all the medical and technological advances older people are not only able to considerably increase their life expectancy , but to enjoy a better quality of life .
For example in the United States the life expectancy of a normal male in the 1950's was around 50 years old .
Nowadays the life expectancy of a normal male is around 75 years .
On the other hand people can actually enjoy a better quality of life because of what is known about the bennefits of a healthy diet , moderate excercising and keeping away from excesive behavior in the use of alcohol , tabacco , etc .
With the combination of these factors health and age should not have to be an issue in weather a person is able to enjoy his life or not .

To finish the essay I woud like to summarize that I believe that freedom of mind , the gained inteligence and experience that comes with time , financial freedom and the medical advancements that are being achieved everyday are all factors that make it possible for older people to enjoy life just as much or even more than younger people .
Do you want to enjoy your life ?
There is many ways of enjoying your life .
What I think of enjoying a life is to be fun , and proud of what you are doing at all time .
I disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do , because what ever you do , the age does not matter , have more experiences , and they should understand the importance of enjoying their lifes .

Some people enjoy their life at all time , but the other does not enjoy it all the time .
Some even does not enjoy their life at all .
To enjoy your life , what can you do ?
For example , I would go shopping and hang out with my friends .
I believe that is what most of young people would do .
Talk with friends , doing what you want to do .
Although does this have to be young people ?
The answer is no .
Older people can also go shopping and hang out with their friends .
There is no such things that young people can do and the older can not .

Older people have more experience to many things .
Therefore they can always challenge themselves to do something harder .
This gives the guts to do and overcome what they had done before .
They also can do the things that they had done long ago and feel like they are young again .

As you get older , you begin to understand the importance of time more .
As young people just willing what they want to do , and ignoreing what they does not want to do , old people prefer to do what they can do .
Young people tends to forget the thankness of being able to do things that they are doing right now .
Although as you get old , you learn the importance of being able to `` do '' and be happy about it .
Older people enjoy their time so much more .

Feeling greatful of your life is not a easy thing to do .
Although there is no people that does not want to enjoy their life .
It is important to understand that you should be thankful to what you are doing and spend your time that makes no regrets in the future .
I think that the most successful people in the wourld are those who keep trying new things and taking risks .
I think that because of three reasons .
The first reason is that this kind of people , as I think learn new things in their life because they do not give up easily ; so they always try to dicover new things and ther is a famous speech saying that people who fail will finally succeed but those who are lazy and do not try something new or give up easil will never learn .

The second reason supporting my opinion is that the people who always keep trying new things have more opportunities and are more active or energetic than those who are satisfied with what they only know ; in other words the first group , for example may improve their financial situations better or they may invent something new that is very useful for our life .
Let us say that the first group of people are nventors and the lazy people are receivors .

The third thing or reason is that the persevering people may easily adapt with new situations other than others , for example , as think , if somebody of the first group travels to another country , he will adapt as quick as he can because he likes new things in general .
With regards to lazy persons , as I like to call them , I know some persons of this kind who could not stay even for a month living alone in a new country when they travelled abroad and they are always failures .
What I want to confirm here is that any person who tries new thing will finally gets it passed even if the number of failures he may commit , while anyone who is lazy and does not want to learn anything new will stay where he is and , in my opinion , he is always a failure and something that is excessive to this life .
I agree that in twenty years , the number of cars in use shall go down .
At first glance , this might appear absurd and strange , what with the rapid technological , social and economic growth everyday .
However , on carefully analyzing and thinking about it , this claim actually makes sense .
I shall try to elucidate on why I feel that there will be fewer cars after twenty years .

The population of this world is increasing day by day .
Public places are often jam packed .
Traffic jams , accidents and so on are the order of the day .
If this is the situation now , one can imagine the state of affairs after twenty years if things continue like this .
Think of any big city and unfortunately the first picture that comes to mind is of heavy traffic , lots of people and no space .
Because of the rapid development and technological advancement , one often says that ` the world has become smaller ' .
This statement sounds highly appealing in a figurative sense .
But after all , the world is physically of a fixed size too !
If the number of people and their cars keeps on going up , where will all of them be accomodated ?

Be it small cars or big cars , the pollution levels are at an all time high .
The fumes from these cars result in lung related diseases and breathing problems .
When the number of cars was small , these issues were often brushed under the carpet .
However , now is the time to think of these things .

At an age when we are facing the consequences of our actions , be it in terms of global warming or war , people need to realize that we should look for alternatives before it gets too late .
Community vehicles , car pooling , even bicycling ( for short distances ) often result in much less tension and effort in moving about today .
With more efficient buses , metros and trains , people have started to realize that driving around in a car is becoming more of a nuisance than a convenience .

There is also a growing concern about the limited petroleum resources in this world .
The petrol , diesel and oil prices keep shooting up day by day .
We need to find alternate modes of travel using renewable sources of energy like solar or wind .
People are researching on solar cars or wind driven cars .

With the scale of progress today , the open sky might also turn out to be a very viable option .
If we can introduce cheaper air travel even between shorter distances , this will not only result in much faster travel but shall also help ` decongest ' the earth .

Unfortunately today , people have become so lazy that even for short distances they prefer to drive rather than walk or cycle down .
But people need to realize that this phenomenal growth in cars cannot go on indefinately .
People need to look for alternatives .
I am hopeful that in twenty years , we would have shifted our focus from cars to public transport , non-petroleum based vehicles and perhaps even air travel .
The issue in hand is about the ideas and concept understaing or facts learing .
This issue is improtant because it can diectly affect the result of what the student learns .
I believe that the understandinf of the ideas and concepts is the better opinion since it can make it easlier for students to learn .

The first reason that I choose understanding of the ideas nad concepts because it is the easiler way of memory .
Unike remebering the facts , the uderstanding of the ideas and concepts is a lot easlier to transfer into long term memory .
Thus , it is able for student to remeber much longer .
Base on the easlier way of memory , I believe that the understanding of the ideas and concepts is a better opinion than the other .

The stable foundation of the studies is the second reason that i choosse the understanding of ideas and concepts .
A deep understanding of the idea and concepts is similar to a building which has a stable foundation .
Only and only if the foundation of the building is strong enough , it is able to build up higher and higher .
Since the stable foundation of the studies , the understanding of ideas and concpets is better choice .

Finally , the abilities of flexible use make me choose the understanding of the ideas and concepts rather than the other .
The remebering the facts is just a remembering , it will not allow to create something new .
However , unlike the remembering facts , a deep understanding of ideas and concepts not only allows the students to create something new , but also provide the abilities to use it in any area .
Thus , I belieive that the understanding of the ideas and concepts is a better opinion .

In conclusion , I believe that the understanding of the ideas and concepts is a better opinion rather than the other .
It is because of the easlier way of memory , the stable foundation of the studies and the abilities of flexible use .
Due to experiences I have made not only within my closer circle of acquaintances but also in other countries , I can agree with the statement to a certain degree .
Yes , many young people are not prone any more to commit themselves socially and help their community .

In the time of the `` computer age '' , a lot of young people find it more interesting to play computer games with Americans of French than to go outside and look for people who really need help .

Some time ago , my school started an appeal that older , more experienced students should help younger ones to get along in critical subjects like Latin or Math .
It can be seen as a major catastrophe that only three students acutally showed up and offered their assistance .
All others used excuses like `` lack of time '' or just blatantly revealed their aversion against spending time to help others .

This reluctance may also be a result of the transformations many societies undergo during the process of globalization .
The loss of importance of the local communites also affects the church , an institution that has always taken care of the disadvantaged members of societey and that has encouraged especially young people to help .
These days , these young adults lack this encouragement and incentivement .

The solution to the problem may not necessarily be to revive church as a social institution , altough this could be helpful .
However , one has to use the receding to boundaries to show people WHERE and HOW they can help .
Numerous students do not know that they are actually needed in their communities .
But in the age of the internet - with which many young people spend a significant amount of time - it should not be too difficult to convey that message .
Everyone , from every remote location , has the possibilty to encourage young people to commit themselves in society
I totally agree with this statement .
Advertisements make products look better than what they truely are .
Public media and ads that show up on tv are the ones to blame .
They use the latest technology in tv production to make the advertisement look as attractive as possible to the audience therefore increasing the popularity of such product between the audience .
More colours , impressive stunts , unbelievable manuevers are all aspects that make up a good commercial .

Lets take david beckham 's perfume advertisement for exampe .
It was shown on tv all over the middle east .
It portrayed him kicking the ball half way through the soccer field and the ball amazingly was netted in the far end corner of the goal .
That kind of goal would have never happened in real life and the chances of it occuring might be a big , fat zero .
David beckham is an icon in the world of soccer , he is a multi millionare , married to a former member of spice girls ( posh spice ) and plays in one of the best football clubs in the world of football which is Real Madrid .
Every body in here were talkin about this advertisements and people including me qeued infornt of the super markets to get a bottle of this so called '' AMAZING '' perfume as refered to in the advertisement .
I finally got it , but unfortunately i was shocked by the results .

The scent of the perfume was awful to me and to the majority of the customers that bought it .
A public poll was even made when the perfume was released and the results supported my opinion greatly .
Eventhough the container that had the perfume looked fancy and unresistable , i was shocked by its content .
In the end Beckham 's name and logo on the container will not make the scent as glorious as the goal scored in the t.v commercial stated earlier .
Even bad marketing is marketing .
In my opinion a successful person is someone who takes risks and tries new thinks .
I am the best exmple for this statement :

Two weeks ago , I had an interview at the Walt Disney Company for an internship .
of course I could have come to this interview as every one else : nicely dressed , conservative and serious .
I would show him my image of a good teammember and some other strengths .

So I would have had a nice interview and maybe a chance to get the job .

But I wanted to get a better chance on the job : So I came as the comic figure Daisy .
I wore a white blouse with a Daisy pin and a nice skirt , combined with a pink bow in my hair .
I knew that my behaviour was not usual and I was aware of the risk I was taking with this strategy .

First of all , everybody looked at me when I came in , so I got the full concentration on my person .
It was a little bit risky , because this attention can be positive or negative , but for sure they will remember me .

Furthermore , my interviewer could see that I am an outspoken person with motivation to get the job .
Of course , the image of Daisy matched with the job offer I was applying for .
I had to fight for the very first minutes of the interview to give the interviewer the impression that I am still a serious , conservative and trustful worker but it was worth it .

The interviewer gave me the job right away and when I asked why he decided so quick he said :
You applied for the job in an unusual way and showed me that you are able to think out of the box .
Actually , we were looking for someone who takes risks to achieve his goals and you are this person .
Coca Cola 's new product , CocaCola Zero , announced some months ago with huge advertisements , provoqued a great echo all over the world .
A sweet nutrition without sugar , that was the strategy to sell a popular product in even greater amounts .

But in my opinion , the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are is true in many cases .
Advertisements argue that the quality of the product they want to sell is better than that of all other producers , but it is available at the same or even a lower price .
The consequences I draw out of this strategy are firstly , the production costs were reduced or , secondly , the quality of the product is not as good as the advertisement wants to tell us .

Regarding sugar free products , for example , it is clear that an artificial substance has to replace the sugar by keeping the taste .
Then the product may be sugar free , but added with many artificial ingredients which are not mentioned or written on a place hard to be seen by the customers .

As a second example , I will mention shortly the consequences of advertisements denying the real quality of the product by regarding cosmetic products .
Especially young people who have problems with their skins are attracted by advertisements which promise to help them with a product wich costs less than others but has better impacts on the skin .
In the meantime , the ingredients of this product do not help or have even negative effects the customers do not get to know by reading the instructions .
So young people trie one product after another just following the false promises of some advertisements .

In the end , advertisements always play with their direct or indirect influence on the customer .
And unless the customer does not reflect this influence critically , the producers will not change their habitude in making the products seem much better than they are .
Do young people enjoy life more than older people do ?
This for sure is one of those questions that bring about so many discussions .
When one is young , it is easier to speak , to reach strong judgments .
When you are older , however , you get to have a different perspective on life -- not that I am one of the old yet , but turning 30 recently has made me see things in a different light .
And no , I do not agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Of course , being young gives one an obvious advantage -- that of being physically fit and active .
When one is young , they feel like they can do anything ; they have their whole lives to look forward to .
They can try out new things , go see new places , meet new people , and so on .
However , as pleasing as this may seem , such an abundance of choices also brings displeasure , unhappiness , and at times , even regrets .
Especially when combined with inexperience , one is likely to encounter -- and will , by all means -- many stones .
You tend to make more mistakes and make decisions you later would like to forget .

Being old , on the other hand , is a whole different story .
Yes , it means that you will not be able to jump and run around as much as you would like , you will have to see the doctor a little more often than you used to , and you may have to cut out on certain flavors you are so used to have .
However , this does not mean that one cannot really enjoy oneself because they are old .
Age means experience , and this experience is what makes it easier to derive pleasure out of life .
The more a person has seen of the world -- the pains and the pleasures , the easier it becomes for them to make the most of what they have .

In conclusion , being old does not necessarily mean getting less out of life .
On the contrary , it provides you with the opportunity to have more pleasure out of it , and what is more , be able to be grateful for the things you have .
`` Why is someone more successful than others ?
`` .
Many people would say that luck favors him/her , the stars for this individual seem to be glittering but at the end of the day , a critical analysis of a success can be quantified in terms of the magnitude of acknowledgement that the person has drawn from the world .
And the attention commensurates with innovation , an unprecedented action that apparently urges the people to set their eyes on the performer .
The advocates and policy makers somewhat form a decent example of people who have intrinsic abilities to crystalize their risk taking behaviors in to actions .
The placement of the four balls of social justice `` desert , need , right and equality '' requires a critical examination and high level of judgement because an experiment with society and its beliefs can be really threatening at times and might end up dumping the indivdual to a professional death .
But still bolds steps have been taken by individuals who remained die hard fans of constructive criticism that perhaps honed their abilities to take on new ideas and thoughts and use their risk taking abiltities to perfection and produce societal outcomes and reforms .

The success barely comes as an idle incentive but primarily involves trying new things at the expense of risking your present credentials .
The individuals reap the benefits against a solid input of courage and the positive consequences comes with huge vote of applause which is then termed as SUCCESS with an equal opportunities of failure that always run parallel till the last minute of coronation .
Another good example is a pole vaulter `` Sergie B '' who is famous for breaking his own record .
To him every success was determined to add a few more inches to the height of his next action .
This interprets that innovations and risk taking behaviors are somewhat governed by the success itself .
Have you ever bought something dfferent from the fly ?
How do you feel when this happened to you ?
As a matter of fact , I do agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Because of the developement of technology , businessmen like to use technical ways to make their commercials look attractive to customers .
Why I agree with the statement is due to the following reasons .

First of all , in my opinion , businessmen realize if they want everyone to buy their products , they ought to have a good advertisement because human can be attracted by nice pictures .
For example , I like to eat instant noodles and one day there was a new flavor coming up and when I saw the commercial on TV , the noddle looked like very delicious .
However , after I bought one pack of that instant noodle , I tried it and I found it did not tast like the one I saw on TV .
I was upset about that .
Thus , making a good advertisement is a way that businessmen like to use to attract people .

Secondly , in term of busin , advertisements are considered as the best ways to sell products .
For example , my friend is running a carpet company and before he opened this company , he was asking me for setting up a website for his company .
Ultimately , I did a great job on the task that he assigned me .
When he saw the website , he told me it was incredible .
Moreover , because of this website , he got many customers .
However , in hindsight , the pictures that I put on the website look much better than they really are in that I use a very good camera .
Therefore , advertisements are the ways that businessmen use to sell products .

In conclusion , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are because customers are attracted easily by those beautiful pictures .
Furthermore , good advertisements are also used by businessmen .
In the end I would like to summarize my argument by emphasizing that do not buy those products if you do not trust the advertisements .
I totally concur to the statement that the best way to travel is in a group and led by a tour guide .
A tour guide well acquinted with the places of visit and is very beneficial when its a place having historic importance .

We had visited the Vatican City during this summer .
Even after doing a entensive course work before going to the trip it was unavoidable from hiring a tour guide .
Gaining knowledge from books is always considered less than gaining knowledge from experience .
It was easier for us to locate the places but we were literally confused when it came to the historic significance of the place .
Eventually , we landed up in hiring a tour guide which made our visit more pleasureable and even revealed a lot of unknown facts about the Vatican City which we might not have known .
The tour guide showed us each and every artifact of historic significance and also gave a brief description of the rituals carried out in the city .
Our trip was a success and even today it feels us with joy when we think about the Vatican City trip .

Travelling in a group has its own charm and benefits in comparision to travelling alone .
The most important and noticeable fact of travelling in a group is that we never get bored and the trip become more enjoyeable when the group consists of friends .
As mentioned in the previous paragraph , we had been to Vatican City during the summer .
Our group consisted of 5 members including me .
We had distributed the task among ourselves which was quite helpful in planning the trip .
I had the task of studying the maps and marking the places of interest on it whereas my other friends had various other tasks .
The planning of the trip was so perfect that we saw each and every place on the map and were never late of any event .
It would have been difficult for a single person to perform such a full proof planning .
And even the expenses of the trip is also reduced considerable as the overall expenses are distributed among the group .

The next time i plan a trip i would definitely plan it along with my friends and will always hire a tour guide .
How often have people traveled on their own ?
In groups ?
By couple or with their class ?
what is the best way to travel to a country ?
Opinions differ depending on people , but I believe that the best way to travel and to learn about a country is by being led by a tour guide .

First , a tour guide can help us travelling in the country .
I remember the time I travelled in Italy with my parents , we took a guide who made us a visit of the entire Rome .
He knew every corner of the city as if it was himself .
We took the subway and we were amazingly surprised of how many stations and changements we had to make .
Because we could not speak Italian , travelling alone would have been much more difficult without a guide .
Thanks to our tour guide , we were spared interminable hours of wander in the intricate streets of Rome .

Secondly , a tour guide can give us some historical background that are specific to the country or to the region .
Our Italian guide , named Gino , explained to us in details the history of the Coliseum .
We thought we knew already enormously about the site , for we have read many books about it , but we never knew how it was built , in how much time it was built , and why was it a phenomenon in Rome .
He explained us how Italy undergoed a chaotic period during the civil war and the Second World War , facts that have not always been explained concisely .
But he also talked to us about Italian legends , that are only known by Italians .
He also familiarized us with the traditional italian music which originally bloomed during the Renaissance .
Gino also talked to us about the great thinkers , mathematicians , musicians , politicians and dictators of their country and I had to admit that I could never have thought about them if we were not guided by Gino .

Thirdly , if we are not completly familiar with a country 's language , people , or food , a tour guide can always facilitate our task .
I remember how lost my parents and I were the first day we arrived in Rome .
We could n't speak Italian and because we were tourists , some Italians took advantage of the situation to make us pay more than the regular prices in restaurants .
Gino got furious against the waiter and when we asked him what happened , we were horrified to realize that the waiter wanted to make us pay the bread , the table , the glasses , the fourks and knives .
Apart from this little misunderstanding , Gino always had great Museum , restaurants , bars , adresses .
He would recommend us the best Italian pasta dishes and would bring us the great comedy shows !
He would also bargain with street sellers so that we could afford cheaply a Dolce et Gabbana pair of glasses or a perfect imitation of a Gucci bag .

I believe that my experience in Rome clearly demonstrated the fact that it is best to travel somewhere by being led by a tour guide .
For he is more experienced and familiar to his country 's lifestyle and people .
I like to think that I am the kind of person who is willing to like to travel very much .
Addition to that , the best and most important thing for a travel is to be in a group led by a tour guide for some reasons .

Firs of all , to travel in a group by a tour guide is more economic .
When I was in my country , I was going to travel to Istanbul with my friends .
As you know , Istanbul has always become a very critual city throughtout history .
To learn Istanbul and see every place of its is always megical to me .
Hence , we planned to speak with an advisor who was working in a tour company in Istanbul .
The tour cost approximately 1.000.00 dolar .
And also , all our requriments was going to be given by the company .
However , the reason was that we could not offer that money .
Therefore , we got some credits from the company .
The most beautifil things were we could save our money .
Being in a group led by a tour guide gives you some opportunaties to you .
You can save your money because you will be able to know how to spend your money before the travel .
During your travel , you do not have to determine your payments because they will have done by the company before the tarvel .

The second reason why I think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide is that you can develop your friendship and you can learn more things about the city that you will visit by the guides .
During your travel , you can have a conversation with people who are from diffirent country .
For , some travel companies make their tours with tourist .
Therefore , you can meet people from other countries .
For example , our tour was with German students and we discussed with them Turkey and its importance for European Union .
Furthermore , I learnt many interesting things about Istanbul that I didnt know from the guide .
Since they are educated about the cities that they are responsible for , they know the some hints of the cities .
During your travel , you can ask them some questions about your things that you will see .

Finally , the reasons I have just mentioned above , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
It offers you some opportunaties before and during your travel .
I agree with the statement saying that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
It is more interesting to understand concepts , because it will be a base you can use , modify or widen , whereas if you learn facts , you ca n't go further .

Let 's take examples .
To a student studying history it is very important to learn the facts , which is part of his knowledge .
On the other sid , if he understands the logical connexions between various historical events : what led to them , which are the consequences and how they got resolved ?
He will be more conscious of the subject , and thus will be able to explain it .
In architecture for example , it is important to know some facts , that are milestones in the history of architecture , but what is more convincing , is not the application of facts , but the accurance of you concept when you will present your project .

To me , there is a big difference between `` understanding '' and `` learning '' .
If you learn something , you are only a `` recipient '' that is able to contain and to restitute information .
You will not be able to talk about the subject , once you have quit the sphere of your knowledge .
Whereas if you understand a topic , you do not have a mental and intellectual limit anymore which are consequences of ignorance .
Nevertheless you can widen your knowledge and go beyond the limits once you have understood the ideas and concepts .

In my opinion , both of them are complementary .
You ca n't have a solid base if you do n't know facts , but in the same time , if you undestand ideas and concept , it will help you to learn facts .
But it I had to choose , I would rather understand concepts than being limited by what i have learned .
There are several reasons for people to take a trip .
Depends on each person 's personality , some people prefer to take a trip alone while the others prefer to travel in a group that is led by a tour guide .
This is controversial subject to dicuss about , however ; in my opinion , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

The first reason is that , people do not need to worry about thier safety as they do when they travel alone .
Tour guide knows well about the areas that they are travelling .
As a result , they offer tourists who are in the group , a safe hotels to stay in and clean restaurants to eat .
In addition , guide gives several practical advices to help people stay out of problems .
For exmaple , in some areas , it is extremely dangerous to travel alone without any knowledge , such as New York where all kinds of crimes are happening .
Therefore , within a group led by a guide , tourists aviod some potential dangers .

The second , people get explanations of historical places that they visit .
If people are traveling alone , they need to purchase a guide book and struggle through it to find exact information that they want .
Or sometimes , if they cannot find , they may ask to other people who live in that area .
However , this is not likely going to happen because the tourists would feel embarrased from lack of knowledege .
As a result , travelling with guide is convenient .

The last , people save moeny and time .
As travelling with in a group , there is limited time to visit some places .
This means that they are going to visit important plaecs .
Plus , places that are worth to visit .
This help them to save time and preventing them from wondering which place to visit first .
Moreover , when people travel alone , they lose directions often , because they are new to that place .
They need to spend additional money for staying in hotel if they get lost and it is dark outside .

Consequently , Travelling in group led by a tour guide is more efficient choice for people , since they are less exposed to any sorts of crimes .
Additionally , people get abudant explanations from guide and save thier money and time .
I totally agree with this statement .
And I think a lot of examples can be found in everyday life .
Just look at the advertisements you can get in the normal supermarket , like food .
In the advertisement everything seems very healthy , even the choclate nut cake with cream .
The company of the product tells you how much vitamins or other healthy things their product contains .
Maybee , that there is a huge amount of a special vitamin found in the choclate nut cake , because of the nuts it cotains .
But the advertisement does n't mention how many fat is in there because this of course would n't turn out to be a very healthy figure .
In the past years the advertisement tried to capture probable buyers of their product with the signs `` zero fat '' or `` zero sugar '' .
But honestly , who ever expected a lollipop for example to contain fat ?

Other non-eatable products like detergent or facial creams as well are not the magical liquids and fluids they pretend to be .
Many people let the advertisement lead their trolley in the supermarket .
And when they are at home they discover the truth behind all the colorfull promises .

One thing that shows , that even the politicians are aware of the dangers of the all to promising advertisement is the prohibition of tobacco advertisement on TV and in newspapers .
The tobacco industry has a lot of money , so they can afford the best advertisement which promises the consumers freedom , coolness , cleverness and a lot of other things if only they lit a cigarette .
The fact that wealthy companies can spend a lot of money on promising advertisement on the other hand means that that smaller companies that ca n't afford expensive advertisement ca n't promise too much to the cosumers .
Of course this does n't mean , that products with less promising advertisement necessarily are healthier products .
But in my opinion it is more likely .
I believe that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Our current academic system creates experts , encouraging specialization of students , orienting them into specialized domains : electronic engineers , modern litterature , Greek art , South American civilization ...
Of course , the society needs experts and people able to answer specific questions , highly skilled people in order to make the science , the philosophy , the techniques , the whole society evolve and progress .
However , I believe that in order to have a comprehensive and accurate vision of the society , the world , the past , the future and the present , one needs to have a broad knowledge of various academic topics .

We should draw lessons from our ancestors who were philosophers , mathematicians , physicians , writers , politicians ...
They were truly able to relate one field of activity to another and to use the knowledge of one field to progress in another one .

Nowadays , researchers and scientists work on genetic manipulation .
Intellectuals , philosophs , writers , discuss the scientific breakthrough from an ethical point of vue .
Would this specific situation of a clear separation between the scientifical and the ethical could exist if our experts had a broader expertise ?

I really think it is dangerous to specialize in only one field of activity because thus you miss a significant contribution from other fields .

Besides , I think that it is important for the construction of one 's personality and to live in harmony with other people to be able to understand other people 's interests , to be able to question things , to be able to think ` outside the box ' ...
With over-specialized people , are we heading towards a communitarian society in which scientists live and think with scientists , artists live and think with artists ?
Whenever I plan for traveling , I consider whether to travel in a group led by a tour guide or to travel individually without a tour guide .
However , even though there are some people who prefer to travel individually , I like to journey following an instructor .
As I have experienced in both ways , I believe there are more advantages to travel in a group led by a tour guide .

First , traveling with a tour guide makes people be more comfortable .
For example , when I travel following a tour guide , I feel comfortable about not thinking of the direction of the new place .
The instructor had already planned where our group was supposed to visit , eat , and book the hotel , so there was nothing I worried about .

Second , it is safe to travel with a tour guide .
Because the tour guide knows where we go , there is less chance to be lost in the foreign country .
Also it is more comfortable to travel with a person who can communicate in the language of the country which I do not know .

Last , it is easier to get information of the place where we travel .
Since guiding is his or her work , the instructor knows information about where he or she take people .
Thus , people who travel within a tour guide easily get close to the new information as they listen to the instructor .
When I visited europe , I was fullfilled with the questions of the history of where I travel such as `` Winter Castle '' in Russia and Alps mountain in Switzerland .
Because I did not know how to speak English at that time , there was no way to ask to residents .
However , with the tour guide 's help and information , I could satisfy with what I wanted know easily .

With these reasons , I disagree with the statement , `` The bes wat to travel is is a group led by a tour guide . ''
It is more comfortable and safeto travel where I do not know much about it .
To answer the question , I have to define what `` successful '' means first .
To me a successful person is someone who is in control of his life and able to live it the way he wants it to be .
He is not limited by various barriers in his job or social life and has already achieved a high position in his profession as well as he has a large and stable circle of friends .

One important barrier that stands in your way to fullfill your dreams is fear .
If someone does n't dare to take a new job opportunity or to meet new people at a party , how could he possibly improve his professional or social situation ?

We live in a society that is confronted with changes constantly : may it be a new techincal innovation like the mobile phone ten years ago or the latest fashion in clothing .
The creation of new things means that there are new products to sell which leads to a growth in economy .
And this is good of everybody .
Someone who adopts all the new things shows that he wants to be part of market-society and will be successful in it .

People who do n't will be recognized ( as they were unfashionable clothes and are not able to send SMS ) and excluded .
Especially the technical developement openes a wide range of new possibilities ; for example in transport and communication .
People who are the first to try these innovations can take advantage of the improved transportation or communication the longest .
They have a head start .

On the other hand , taking risks can be dangerous .
All those people who bought new economy shares in the beginning of this century will agree with me .
If you start something new there will always be the chance of failing .
So I can also understand those who stay with what they know they 're good in .

I guess , a truely successful person is able to tell what is a risk worth taking and where they should keep their hands of .
All in all I am more or less agreeing with the statement .
In the world of today it is better to go one step to far than to be left behind .
In the modern economy , characterized by the progressive saturization of the markets in each business area , it becomes more and more strategic for farms the use of advertising through the mass media ( television in particular ) .
But often , in order to stimolate consumers ' desires , advertisements seem to overextimate the real potentiality of products .
That assumption is more than that .
It 's a concrete reality .
In fact in the last decade public institutions had been created to control product advertising and to state if the picture offered by advertisements really reflects the product characteristics .

The creation of such institutions points out that in order to improve the sails of a product , it 's much more important the immage the farm gives to the market of it than its real technical characteristic .
For that reason often consumers prefere buying a well-known product than an un-known one , even if it has much more better technical qualities .

An important example of that phenomenon occured in the car builders sector few yars ago .
Two important groups , Audi on one side and Saab on the other one , decided to improve a project for a new car togheter .
I particular , in order to cut down the costs associated to its production , they shared the same motor and also the same structure of the car .
So the two cars had the same performance as reguard for speed , control and other technical parametres , but were a little bit different in the hestetic ( not too much ) .
Well , even if this two cars were so similar , Audi sold millions of unit more than saab did .
And why did it succede in doing that ?
Only because , thanks to a better comunication and advertisement to the market , it had maden people able to believe in the superiority of its product and in the reliability of Audi brand .

But lots of other examples can be shown in all the business area : products pictured as innovative , sure and unbreakle are only common products that you can buy with ease ( and sometimes at lower price ) from another farm operating in the same area .

Finally , looking at those and lots of other examples , I completely agree with the statement presented and I want you all to meditate on such a misrappresantation .
I think that I am the kind of person who is willing to give a lot of time to helping my community , but when I get right down to it I can not find so much time .
Probably , like me , a huge amount of persons experiences the same problem .
I absolutely agree with the statement but , at the same time , I can understand why different categories of people do not spend time helping others .

First of all , young people are extremely busy with their classes and sport activities .
Writing papers , preparing seminars and doing homeworks require quite half of the day of each student .
In addition , they are usually asked to be part of a sport team and so they spend several hours a week training and improving their performances .
As a consequence , they are unable to help others , but I think that they do not feel happy about it .
Normally students are altruist and they feel like they are wasting time when they can not improve the life of the community they belong to .

Secondly , people , who have a family and children , are completely full of stress .
Sometimes , they have their own work in the morning and then once at home they have to take care about children .
I think that the real problem is that the life is too fast for them .
All day long , families are planning something or improving something different .
In this way , they can not understand the importance of taking their own time and dedicate some of it to the community .
Poor and alone people , for instance , would be enthusiastic spending a weekend with a family , but , anyway it does not happen so frequently .

Concluding , I want to say that even if I can understand different and valid reasons that lead people living apart from their communities , I hope that , tip by tip , everyone will recognize the importance of spending time within a community .
It can add value to the routine everyone experiences during the week .
Perhaps , I will start doing something for my hometown little community from tomorrow .
Specialization or Broad Knowledge

Whether or not specialization should be favored in academics is a controversial issue .
It is not easy to completely state that specialization on a specific subject is better compared to having broad knowledge of academic subjects .
However , I belive that specialization on a specific subject should be accompanied with a broad knowledge of other subjects .

Firstly , it is practically not possible and reasonable to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Human time and energy would not be sufficient to have knowledge on many issues .
Even though it is ideal , specialization in a subject is only possible for mankind .
To have a broad knowledge on academic subjects is not reasonably possible , since it is contrary to the idea of academics .

Furthermore , specialization would help for the evolution of human civilization .
Progress could only be achieved by knowledge and only by specilization such a knowledge could be achieved .
Knowledge is attained through concentration , research and experimentation .
However it is not possible to experiment in all realted academic subject .
For instance , if Newton did not contentrate on physics but have bits and pieces of physics , biology and chemistry he wouldnot be able to develop his theories .
Similarly , if Freud did not specialize on psychoanalysis many of his assertions would not exist .

On the contrary , it must be kept in mind that an academics require an awareness .
In order to be a serious academic , apart from specialization general knowledge and awareness is required .
An academic in social sciences should be open to learning about chemistry for instance .
Specialization only has a value if is exercised within the context of relevant disciplines .
For instance , a commercial lawyer , must know the codes , doctrine as well as the relevant history , economic structure , managerial problems , business practice .

Consequently , in the 21st century it is required for humans to be specialized .
The primary reason for specialization is the progress of mankind .
In addition to that , one most always keep in mind that a specialist always have to have broad knowledge
Advertisments are very influental , they can form somebody 's opinion about a certain product or even change an alreday fixed opinion .
The bad thing about that is , that most often it makes products seem better than they really are .
Advertisment on TV or radio can show products from their best angle .
If you look at food for example , how perfect a hamburger from Mac Donald 's looks on TV .
Makes you feel hungry does n't it ?
Have you ever seen a hamburger look that nice in real life ?

Another example is the realty business , you can make a property , house or flat look really good on photos in magazines but if you would be able to see the house in reality it might not have a back wall !

Another point industries often make in advertisments , is the cheap prize , yellow shoes from Humanic for example , are so much cheaper than the ones from Clarks .
That kind of advertisment tempts you to buy the product because of its low cost , but if you had never heard about the product you would never have needed it at all and could have saved all the money .

Companies manufacturing cosmetic articles , cremes for example , they state what kind of ingredients they add to make your wrinkles show less or even vanish in short time .
But when you look at the laws that the cosmetic industry has to follow , something totally different is revealed .
They are not allowed to use any ingredient that changes the context of the skin .
So how is it the new anti-wrinkle creme supposed to work ?

Of course advertisment not only has bad points , it also shows you new things that have been invented and what product is the cheapest at the moment , but you have to think carefully before deciding what to buy , never believe everything that is said in the advertisments and always decide if you really need whatever is on sale .

Always take what is said in an advertisment about specific qualities of a product as a base knowledge but make enquiries and look in person at whatever you want to buy !
A beautiful gold necklace might be made to fit your daughter 's neck instead of yours !
In my opinion , I agree with this statement because if you have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects you are expected to work in many sectors if we take the view from a working aspect .
You are also able to turn into another sector for any reason with out the need of a long and costly formation about your new work .
From another aspect , I think that a person with a global knowledge is more interesting than a person how only has knowledge about a specific subject .
In fact , with a person who has a global knowledge you can talk about everything and you are sure to learn something and that is person will have a point of view about everything .
In the other hand , the other person would be more boring and not so interesting becquse she only knows a specific subject so after at while talking about this subject , you will feel a bite boring .

But having knoweldge about a very specific subject can also be very positive .
Indeed , in the business sector , we can see that industries that are specialized in only one sector are usually more efficiant than others campany which try to extend theirselves to several market with products that are complitly differents between them .
Indeed , the specialized companies know very well their product and also every thing that it is around the productt : production , custumers , market , competition ...
so they are very good in what they do whereas a company who extend too much will be in the end good in nothing .

As a conclusion I think that you must always find a balance between beeing general and specific in every t
Technology has revolutionized our lives i.e. the way we live , the way be preceive ..
Everything has changed with the advent of modern innovations .
We have become accustomed to this technology in our everyday lives be it a referigerator , washing machine , radio etc .
In fact it is impossible to think life without these things .
Modern technology has given us pace .
It has developed modern means of transport for fast movement .
The cars , trains and areoplanes etc all are gifts of technology Cars .
This is a quite familiar name in day to day life .
In fact every middle class home owns atleast one car , Car has become more of a necessity in today 's life .
Moreover , to a some degree it also has become a sort of status commodity .
But that does not hide the imprtance of cars in in our day to day life .
In life where time is everything cars are one of the fastest means of transport .
Cars are required at family outings .
Thus car is an indispensable part of our day to day life .

But , although technology has aided us , it is also leading to dangerous results .
Take for an instance , technology has made living more comfortable resulting in decline in health problems and cosequently increase in population .
Thus this large population is a large pressure on our resources .
Our oil resources are depleting at a rapid rate and perhaps be exhausted in another thirty years or so .

With their exhaustion , cars , which run on petrol , will be of no use to us Thus declining resources has forced us to look for alternatives which employ better utilization of these resources .
Thus the railways , trams come into picture .
In fact twenty years will now , there will be fewer cars in use then there are today .
With the scarcity of petroleum products , it would become quite difficult to afford a car at that time .
The people will go for cheaper means of transport .

Now a days people has become aware of this thing and already have started using public transport more often .
Thus the car purchase has fallen .
In twenty years time the existing cars would be disposed off due to the finishing of their utilization period .
This will also see an decline in number of cars .

Thus it has been clearly proved in the passage that with declining petroleum products , car quantities would fall in the time period to come
Sucess also contains risks ...
Why that is so ?
The example is straightforward sucess requires optimal conditions .
although there may be a number prerequisets for it , in this brief paper , I will discuss two of them ...

One of them is effort and it inevitably contains risks .
In order to become a successful academician one should work really hard .
In a simplistic manner , he or she should spend lots of time for her or his studies .
This might automatically , risks the family life of that person since she or he would not have enough time for the family members .
There could be ceratin risks such as arguments about unfinished duties of that person .
Even though it is an interpersonal level of analysis , it is clear that this situation requires certain adaptations for everyone .
The student for instance have to learn effective working strategies in a more limitted time .
It is certainly something different and new ( as compared to the days of less responsibility , for instance ) .

One other important prerequiset is being innovative .
Remember the scientist who were killed because of their ` new ' ideas .
A person who would like to be innovative should accept the risks ...
An academician for whose ideas does not suit with the conventions of the department he or she works for , might be an example .
However , she or he should take such risks and show other faculty members that the ` old ways ' or ` old ideas ' should be given up .
If this innovative approach would work ( say that other faculty members agree ) the person would be successful but there is always the risk of disapproval ...

One could avoid certain accidents if she lies on the bed all day , do not do anything at home and let the time go .
BUT you miss a life ...
The logic is same ...
If you do not care being successful , you do not take any risks and always follow the old ways ...
BUT then you miss a chance ...
Some people think that young people enjoy life more than old people do .
I am totally agree with this openion on condition that you are in good health .
When we examine the the reasons behind why old people usually cannot enjoy life as the youth does , we can find the answers for why the youth enjoys more .
The young people are usually in good health and still have many hopes for the future .
They usually have less to care about life as they are not still engaged in real life troubles .
They can easily spend money for fun and do anything for amusement .
Personally , I am in good health and I do whatever I want provided that I have enough money .
I can go out anytime at nights or stay at friends as I am away from my parents .
But as for my father , he comes home every evening for dinners and spends the whole evening at home watching tv .
He wakes up early in the morning and works all day .
He has to care for anything associated with our family in addition to his occupational responsibilities .
At the weekends , he prefers staying at home while we want to go out and do shopping or see a movie .
He has no pleasures of life and lives in a very pragmatic way .
Young people have their own dreams , own hopes and they have expectations from life .
They think , things are more entertaining when you are young than when you are old .

In addition to these , young people are not experienced about life and its pleasures .
They cannot think of possible results of temporary enjoyments .
The old are more careful about life and always thinks twice before doing something .
Therefore , old people usually miss their past irresponsible happy days when compared being ill and troubled at home .
Besides , young people like seizeing the day , my personal concern is that anyday repeats itself , so whatever I do today is a gain not a pain for me .
Noone knows what the future brings .
Life is meaningful when you are young .
The older you get , the less happier you are .
Do young people enjoy life more than older people ?
This is a difficult question to answer for anyone , since you lack experience about this when you are young , and often forget how it was before when you are old .
Still , I will try to give my point of view on the subject .

Young people have a lot of reason to enjoy life .
They are young , healthy , active and their life is still before them .
Most of the time young people have objectives , and they are planning their life to fullfil them .
For exemple , some are looking for the best way to get to the top of their firm , others are planning to marry and have children , etc .
In the same time , they have the ability to do exciting and physically demanding activities like sports , extreme or not .
From my point of view , being young gives a very positive attitude , and the feeling that nothing is impossible and that with efforts you can achieve whatever you planned .

On the contrary , being old is , i think , much more depressing .
That is the time where illness begin to spread among people of your age .
You do not work anymore , so you have plenty of spare time but you are not healthy enough to plainly enjoy it .
You still have objectives , but you begin to think that perhaps you will not have the time to achieve it .
All of this is does not give a very positive attitude toward life .

As I have clearly explained , I think that most of the time young people enjoy life more than old people do .
Still , I would like to point out that everything is not as simple as it seems .
For exemple , for several years now unemployment has been a great factor of depression for young people .
In the meantime , people are living longer every generation , and the progress of medicine keep people healthy until an advanced age .
That gives a lot of time to enjoy your free time when you are old , to travel to other countries or to improve in your hobbies , which is very positive .

As a conclusion , I would say that I think that being youg gives a more positive attitude to life , but that what matters most is your personnal belief in the good sides of life , and you will enjoy your life whatever your age is .
I do agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

The term `` enjoying life '' can be viewed at from many different angles and each individual will have an own way to explain this phrase .
But taking into account all possible aspects I can think of right now , the above mentioned statement seems agreeable to me .

Compared to the past , the youth in our society today has the freedom to achieve almost everything - from enjoying a financially secured family background and a prestigious education in school to all personal favourites , such as sports , socializing with others , and the arts .

Young people are energetic and can do whatever physical challenge there is to meet .
They can travel the world during their studies , they can choose from a variety of plans for their career , and are most of the times preferably hired by employees compared to the elderly .

But most of all , they enjoy a wide-spread portfolio pf personal enjoyment .
In a society focused mainly on the younger citizens , the ways to enjoy yourself seem unlimited : dance clubs , bars , sport clubs , travel agencies , internet chat rooms and platforms all offer their services to their young customers .
If you are young , you are in !
All doors seem opened .

Older people often feel excluded from such activities due to bad health , lack of energy or acceptance by the young .
They often fail to catch up with the fast and immensly important development in the telecommunication sector and do not find many possibilities to share time with others .

An example for this striking difference between the desired young people and the rejected older ones can be found at any time of the day in an ordinary chat room .
The chat users tend to ask for the age and the sex of the one they are corresponding with .
Not seldomly they close the chat window when the answer is `` 28 '' !

Of course , there are quite a few offers for older people , too .
But I witness a development in our society that mainly the young people are enjoying themselves .
Maybe the older should get more motivation to learn new skills in order to enjoy their lives .
But maybe the young should accept and respect the fact that one day they too will be old .
If our society achieves THAT , then ALL will enjoy their lives more .
I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do this maybe because of my personnal experience .
Actually , I am a young student still in high school and think that I really do enjoy life more than my parents for example .
I am saying this because being young meens not a lot of reponsibility and a lot more freedom .

First , I want to say that as a young student I am not responsible for a lot of things in my life .
Of course , except the education success but this could also be my decision , to be successful or not .
Nevertheless young people are not resposible for any criminal act : when a young boy is for example charged of something , the parents take full responsibiliy .
In addition , young people have no job stress , they only have a school to worry about but no more and the work done at school could not be compared to the work of a real job .
we have no responsibility of living as our parents cover all our personal needs .
We have then no responsibility of finding a job to be able to live .

Less responsibility , is more freedom .
I think that young people have more time in every aspect of life .
An important aspect are mistakes ; in fact we have more time when young to make mistakes and correct them .
For example , I can make a bad decision choosing what I want to study , being young allows me to reconsider my decision and start another program or course on another field of study .
I can see also from my situation that being old disadvantage you from doing a lot of activities .
My father , who was a grat tennis player in his younger life have now a back problem and ca n't even run for a long period of time .
I cannot immagine myself not playing soccer when I grow older .
Being young means doing things that a lot of older people would n't do , like partying frequently .
young people have this caracter that pushes them to go dance and spend a lot of time with friends and do a lot of things at the same time .

With the reasons and examples stated before , I came to a conclusion that being young allows to enjoy life more than being old .
this could be different for other people
There are three aspects of traveling involved in the statement .
First , the best way to travel ; second , traveling in group and third , having a tour guide .
I do not agree with the statement as a whole and I will explain with respect to each aspect of the statement that I pointed out above .
The following are my reasons for my disagreement :

I believe there is no one best way to travel .
It is a very personal preference and differs from person to person .
The best way to travel really depends on what kind of place are you going to tour , what is your objective of touring and what are your preferences .

Some people may enjoy company of a large number of people while traveling and some people may love to travel all alone and experiment during their travel .
I do believe traveling in group leb by a tour guide can be very enjoyable but sometime traveling in group without a travel guide or traveling individually can also be enjoyable .
Traveling in group has it 's own problems .
There might be disagreements among group members and it may delay things .

If my objective of touring is to learn and at the same time enjoy the company of my friends and family members than I would prefer to go in a group led by a tourist guide .
Tourist guides are familiar with the place and they can provide us the history of the place in a very short time and you may not have to put lots of efforts to know about the place .
If my objective of touring is to explore new place , learn more about the place than having a tour guide may not serve the purpose .
Tour guide provides a snapshot of the history of the place .
In this situation I would like to travel on my own and explore the place in my own style .

To sum up , I would choose my traveling method depending on the situation and my personal objective .
If I want to spend time with family members I would like to travel with my family members in a group and would like a tour guide to help us but if I want to explore and experiment with a new place I would prefer to travel alone so that I have independence and liberty to take my decisions and experiment .
When people travel to cities and other places worth seeing , they may make use of a guided tour during their stay .
There are good reasons for having a guided tour in a group , but personally I believe that traveling on your own has greater benefits .

One reason is that a tour guide may only show a select portion of the site being visited .
This is mainly due to time constrictions in their schedule and because the tour is generally scripted .
If there is something that has struck your personal interest during the tour , the tour guide may not give you enough time to closely examine it and move on .
When traveling alone , you have all the time in the world to experience and look at things .
It also is more of an adventure because you have to figure out on your own how things are done at a particular place .
If you are lost however you can always just buy a map and a tour guide booklet .

Another reason for not traveling in a guided tour is that you may not like the people you are with in your group .
Imagine saving up all your money to go travel and then become anoyed by fellow group members on the first day .
This means that you will be with them until the end of the trip .

A further reason why traveling alone or with friends is better that a guided tour is that you will likely have better memories from the trip .
This is because when people travel without a guide they will get into personal situations , rather that group situations .
If you and your friends have gotten into difficulties , for example not been able to communicate to locals because of a language barrier , then you will have something to talk about at home after your trip .
Situations like this stay in your memory for a long time because you have a story to share with friends .
These situations are unlikely to happen with a tour guide .

My three reasons should point out why I prefere to travel unguided , and you can always just
As far as I am concerned , I am not agree with the statement at all that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are many reasons that I do not like the group led travel , and I will just explore the most important ones here .

The first reason I want to bring forward is that travel in a group led by a tour guide is so limited , not only the space but also the time .
Usually , the trace of this kind of travel has been planed before the travel begins .
So you just take a limited glance at some places you want to visit , which just decided by the tour guide .
There are always more places that will atractive your eyes beyond the tour guide 's thought .
Another aspcct is about the time .
It seems unwise not the follow the tour guide as near as possible , or you will fall behind .
Because the time of the travel depond on the tour guide instead of you .

Another reason , which is also commonly considered , is that the travel in agroup led by a tour guide is always in the holiday .
For some aspect , it is not bad .
However , travel in the holiday will cause many problems .
It is obviously that the tour places are rather crowed during the holidays .
If you want to take the group led travel , you just can avoid the unpleasant situation .
What is more , as a result of the rush of the holiday travel , many accidents are easily to take places .

In addition , travel in a group led by a tour guide is not a good idea for family travel .
In the modern society , people pay more attention to the time spent with family menbers .
If you choose to travel with your family indepedently , you will find it is much easier to enjoy the life along with the travel .

For the reasons above , it is surely that I will travel without the tour guide .
It is just realize the mean of the travel ---- for fun and pleasure .
I agree and disagree with the statment to some extent .
There are definitely advertisements that exagerate the product extremely .
For example all the weight reducing products praised on TV are just pure bogus .
There is research showing that pills that promise losing 10 pounds in a day , or muscle stimulating machines develop your muscles over night are not effective at all .
However , people 's hopes and sorrows are abused by money hungry companies to suck the money out of the believers .
Additionally , `` half truths '' or suggestive statements are used in advertisements to make the consumer believe in the superiority of the product .
A famous chocolate praises its value by pointing out that milk is contained and that it is therefor healthy for children .
Looking more closely at the content reveals that not more milk is included in the receipe of this particular chocolate than in any other milkchocolate .

Unfortunately , people are very much fooled by colorful moving pictures and convincing actors .
New technologies like TV or the Web induce a high level of accuracy and verification .
The crowds like to believe in what is shown on new media as it is much easier to consume the information without much thought than constantly trying to figure out if the provided information is true and verified .

However , many companies believe that the advertisements should represent their firm image and products .
They understand that customers who realize that they had been disguised by an add wo n't continue in buying that specific product .
Therefor , producing an accurate representation of the product with the advertisement is of extreme importance .
For example it would be unwise if a car company would advertise that their cars are extremely safe without sufficient evidence as accidents falsifiying statements like that would result in huge negative financial concequences and law issues .

The statement that `` most advertisements '' exagerate their products I ca n't fully support as I have n't looked into statistics concerning this topic .
However , in any case advertisements have to be looked at critically as they definitely not always show real life .
According to me , I think that it 's better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
It allows us to have knowledges in differents domains , to understand so many things and to posses all the basis in order to choose a specialization , in case of one .

Firstly , I think that a broad knowledge of many academic subjects gives us a very wide range of informations .
This range of informations permits us to become aware of a lot of things , subjects and topics .
We can learn so many notions that it would be a pitty of not integrating various knowledges .

Second , I think that there are a lot of things very intersetings in this world .
Knowing thoses , allows us to understand the place and the world where we live in .
It gives us a different perception of the life , not a focused one as if we are specialized in a particular subject , that could be a very deep one but not very large .
Be this way of thinking we become more open-minded and our place in the society will be a result of that .

And finally , by having broad knowledges of many academic subjects , a specialization will occur alone and naturally .
We all have affinities for a specific domain , so by knowing a lot of things , one points will appear as more captivating than the others .
This view demand more research than if we want to specialize us in one domain , but it also permit us to compare diferrents subjects and then choose the best one for us .

To conclude , I would like to say that a wide broad knowledge of academics topics is decidely better than a specialization .
We live only one time on earth , and knowing things in a hudge range of domain is a possibility that we have the benifits of .
So , why being closed-minded and focused on one thing we suppose the best for us when there is too many fascinating things to know ?
The statement can be seen from two sides .
First , it is very important for students to understand ideas and concepts within lectures because without this understanding the context of a lecture would not be kept in mind of the students .
In my opinion the lecture has the task to help the students understanding ideas and concepts of the topics they are taught in .
On the other hand the lecture at university can not be compared with a lecture in school .
In school the teacher has the task to work so long on one topic until the whole class understood everything .
In university the professors or lecturers have to help the students getting the ideas and concepts but the students have to keep in mind that they have to work at home additive for the lecture and maybe the lecture only helps them to understand ideas and concepts .

Second , it is also very important for students to learn facts because in business they need these facts daily and to have a profound knowledge hard facts have to be included .
Herefore the problem is that the facts can only be used as a tool when the students know what the meaning of these facts are and which topic belongs to which learned facts .
It makes no sense to learn facts without having any idea for what topic they are useful .

I think that this statement is controversial because understanding ideas and concepts and learning of hard facts belongs together .
It is necessary to understand ideas and concepts but the facts needed to underline the argumentation in a special case must be learned as well .
On the other side the hard facts can be learned but without the background of ideas and concepts the facts are useless .
It only makes sense to learn facts when concepts and ideas are already understood because than the argumentation can be underlined with them .
I completely agree with the view that taking risks and trying out new things , rather than sticking to known ways , make successful people .

This fact can be simply illustrated with very preliminary examples .
Like for example , had James Watt not tried to innovate a new way of transportation option , the steam engine , and would have been satisfied with the then prevelant transportation options like horse-carts , where would we be today in terms of comfort , cost and time benefits we draw from transportation ?
Same is the case , if the Wright brothers would have stopped after the steam engine revolution .
Continous evolution is always possible , because I think nothing is perfect to be accepted as it is forever .

I will use more technology or business environment related examples to explain this view further .
In order to remain competant and profitable , businesses have to be innovative .
Trying out new things enhances creativity and can lead to either new concepts , processes or products .
It can also result into better ways to do an existing job and lead to most cost and time effective solutions .
For example , when geographically distributed working was not as famous a concept , Chinese and Indian companies pioneered the offshoring concept .
This led to benefits for both the parties , providing opportunities to the developing nations and huge cost savings for the customers , which effectively lowered prices for the developed countries .

Trying to remain in the safe zone by stick to existing known ways and not indulging into risk taking is very harmful for businesses .
For example , if Microsoft would have been satisfied with their Windows operating system product having a huge market share and would not have innovated for improving their product , their market share would have been gobbled up by new products like Linux .

The most direct criticism of taking risks , is that if the existing way is well-established and near-perfect , trying new things would be waste of time .
And it could be a costly venture if trying new things yields nothing , after all it is associated with risks .
But I do not agree to this criticism because I believe , that even if sometimes being innovative just ends up being a cost-overhead , in long term it will definately not be so , because of the dynamic nature of our businesses and environment .
People have to choose a major before entering in a College .
There are specialized majors such as for example Engineering , Languagues , Litterature , etc ...
but we are able to choose a study which taught many academic subjects .
Is it better to have a broad knowledge rather than having a specialization in one topic ?

On the first hand , I will talk about having broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I think it is very important to have a large knowledge of many academic subjects .
For instance , when I talk to a friend , if he told me a lot of informations about several subjects , I would find he is very smart .
Having a broad knowledge of many academic subject proves people thqt we have a huge culture , and it is useful when there is a discussion about a topic .
Indeed , if we had a broad knowledge , we would be able to talk about everything !
However , there is a drawback .
We just have the main points of every subjects , we wo n't be able to talk about everything of a subject .
That 's why I think that it is better to study several subjects , such as for example Maths , Biology or Litterature , when we are at high school and not at the University .
Indeed , pupils have to try every subject in order to find which way they can take after the high school .
High school helps us a lot in finding the perfect major we want to study in a University .

On the other hand , people are able to choose and to specialize in one specific subject .
I think it is better to make this choice because it is useful in order to find a job in the future .
For instance , I would like to work as a flight controller in the European Space Agency ( ESA ) .
That is why I have to specialize myself in one specific subject : Aerospace Engineering .
If I chose to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , I would have an enormous culture but I would n't be able to find a particular job .

To sum up my opinion , I do n't agree with the statement .
I think we should specialize in one specific subject in order to find the job we want to have in the future .
In my opinion , people who are trying try new things and taking risk are more successful than people who are keeping on doing what they know well .

First , I will use my own experience to illustrate my opinion , I like to make birthday parties for friends .
That means called people , book the restaurant , etc .
A month ago , I made a birthday party for a friend of mine , since i 'm not a risky person with my friends , I did n't choose to make something completely new like strip club or something like that .
I made a regular party like I do every year , restaurant and then clubbing .
It was supposed to be a suprise but I noticed that my friend guessed my plan before .
On the birthday , he was n't suprised at all .
I guess if I would have done something different by changing my initial plan , my friend would be more enthousiast .
I did n't take the risk of disappointing him .
He would be more suprised by something new instead of that I kept on doing the same thing .

In the worklife , I 'm quite different than I 'm in my private life since I like to take risks , discover new things and improve myself in order to evolve in the company .
By taking risk , I avoid being boring and unproductive at work .
For example , my boss asked me to do a new software with some specifications .
I made all of that with the team , but I wanted to add some improvements that make the software more easier to use for a new user .
Some of the team members did n't agree with my thought because they wanted to focused on the specifications and nothing else .
I took the risk by myself , I did n't tell anyone of my will of adding new features for the software .
I added something that was n't asked , I could be fired for that but in the other hand I could get consideration thanks to that .

To conclude if you want to evolve in your worklife or even in your social life , I think you have to take risks in order to first , evolve in your company , prevent your life from being boring and discover new possibilities of life .

People who are always doing the same thing , do that thing well but they stay at the same level of accomplishment , they can upgrade their skills but not that much if you take risks .
In history , marketing was always an essential part of trade .
Even in the early ages where trade was done exclusively with goods being exchanged with no currency , a person needs to describe the benefits of his product to the other person .
If the person proves that his product is more useful than it really is , he can drive a better bargain .
So , making products seem much better than they really are is the essence of trading even in trade 's earliest years .

By the end of nineteenth century , the producer driven economies began to show up .
New companies that both research technologies , make products and market those products were found .
These companies were the origins of todays corporate system .
Some examples are the companies found by Thomas Edison .
After finding the ligament used in electric lighting , he began marketing his product to urban parts of America .
In this process , he had to prove that electric lighting is much better than gas lighting .
Therefore , the process of advertising is being used by companies for over a hundred years , and it has become an essential part of trade .

Another more recent example is Microsoft .
Most people , even the people not born at that time , have seen the advertisements for Windows 1.0 .
This particular operating system was shown as a great tool that would assist anyone .
But , in the end Windows 1.0 came out to be an incompetent operating system .
There are many examples like this in daily life in newspapers and television , with the same patterns .
So , advertisements used today make products seem much better than they really are - this is an innate part of marketing .

To sum it up , I agree that most advertisements shows products as if they are much useful than they really are .
However , it is the nature of advertisements .
Basically , I agree with the statement .
However , there are some points to be made clear still , such as , for who advertisemtns make products seem much better than they really are and to what extent .
In the following text , I will clarify why I agree with this statement , clarifying these points .

It is true that we sometimes have a feeling that some advertisement are overselling their products in their commercial .
For example , the commercial of movie usually shows the best part of the movie in the advertisement , and makes us excited and looking forward to this movie , but sometimes it happens that we get disappinted with it after seeing the movie itself .

However , if there is actually overdoing of advertisement are different according to different receiver .
If we take an example of coffee , if you do not drink coffee at all , the quality of coffee does not matter to you .
In this case , for you non of the advertisement is overdoing , because from the first of all , you do not expect any quality from the advertisement .
So my point is that if a certain advertisement is overdoing or not is depending on the person who are interested in and evaluates the product .

Besides , the degree of overdoing is also depending on the receiver as well .
If you go to some internet site where the opinion of certain product , such as camera , or MP3 player are publically open , you can see various types of opinion toward the same product .
Sometimes they can be totally opposite , such that some say , it was worthwhile to buy , and the other say it had been better to throw money away .
So for those who are satisfied with the product , the advertisement of this product is not overdoing , but for those who are not satisfied with quality of the product , will take the advertisement overdone .

To sum up , although depending on who the receiver of the advertisement is the statement might not be true in some cases , and the degree of overdoing varies across the evaluaters or consumers , I agree that most of the time , the statement is true .
I dont believe that in twenty years from now there will be less cars than there are today .
As we can see around us that it seems there is a deluge of cars and other modes of vehicles .
It seems that everybody wants to own a car as it has become a matter of status symbol and a nessecity .

As the world economy is getting stronger with each passing day and develping countries turning into developed ones , the financial capability of lay persons has improved a lot .
So they can spend on things of luxuries such as cars .
Another reason to believe that number of cars will only increase from here on and not decline is that today it is not difficult to obtain loans to buy a car , all the leading banks are willing to shell money out of there coffers to entice customers to get a car .

Although some people are driven by the thought that rising fuel prices and depleting fuel stocks will ultimately apply brakes on number of cars as people will not be able to buy fuel and in about next twenty years petroleum reserves will be exausted .
But I do n't think this will happen as scientists are working on prepring biofuel which will cost less and will last for greater time and I have a good example of this study as some of my friends prepared biofuel from Jatropha plant and with the help of this fuel they ran an engine .

With each passing day the prices of cars are slashed and new comforts are added so people think that they should go for it and own a car .
As in most of the countries the public transport system is very tiring and there is such a great rush of people that now people have started to use there own vehicle for commuting and this urge will lead to more cars .

Hence I disagree that numbers of cars will decrease from now onwards .
But according to me it should increase .
Somebody who begins to study has two possibilities : he can on one hand choose to learn things on different topics , and he can on the other hand choose to specialize directly on one subject .
But what is the best choice ?

The first possibility - learning a lot of details on many subjects - is quite interesting because it gives people good general knowledges so that they can speak on many subjects and discuss with different people .
In France , we can choose this way by entering `` Science Politique '' .
This school permits people to be particularly well informed and to give their opinion on every subject .

The second possibility - specializing on one specific subject - is also interesting because it gives people the possibility to be very competent on their subject .
If somebody told you his or her opinion on it , you can response with a lot of precisions and impose , if you are right , your point of view .
This possibility is provided by very specialized and professionnals schools which give young students those precise knowledges .

In fact , if you choose the first solution , you are not going to be able to speak seriously on one particular subject .
You can just say different things on it but not very precisely .
At the opposite , if you choose the second solution , you would be competent only on one subject and quite ignorant on the others .

The solution is to begin with studying different topics on litterature , science , technologies , and languages .
This first period gives the student the time to discover those different subjects , to construct his own culture .
It gives also him or her the possibility to choice what he or she prefers .
Indeed , if you choose too soon , you can make more easily a mistake .
When you have choosen , begins the second period during when you will work on the subject you choose so as to be competent on that one , but not without other knowledges on other subjects .
This is a balanced solution who permits us to work on a topic and , at the same time , not to be isolated in you knowledges .
`` It is better to be specialized in one specific subject , than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects . ''
Today , the society is made in such a way that it focuses on `` equality '' amongst all .
This fact is supported and shown in many parts of the society such as school and sports teams .

A school is a place where students are enabled to gain knowledge on whatever subjects needed to live in a society .
The problem seen in many schools is that often school requires every student to know the same subjects and does not allow them to specialize in whatever they want to study .
That is , most of the schools see value in building broad , various knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one .
Yes , it is a fact that maybe broad knowledge about various subjects would help students learn to live smarter in the society , but it also has a great chance of ruining students ' specific abilities or potentials that they originally have .
Everyone is different in their own ways , and more importantly , they are good in their own ways .
That is , there is not much of a need to know various-but-broad subjects , for they will be provided with shallow knowledge only .
Instead , students shold decide to go to whatever field they want to go , and specialize from there .
Learning tiny bits of everything would only kill uniqueness and produce sameness among the students .

The example and problem of having everyone with the same skill level is shown by Japanese national soccer team .
Traditionally , Japanese coaches consist on having his team players have the same exact abilities in every field ; running speed , shooting sense , passings , stamina , etc .
The problem with this is that even though the team might not have to worry about anyone lacking specific abilities , it will suffer from not having anyone really good at anything .
In soccer there are offensive , middle , and defensive players .
But what if everyone had the same exact style of playing ?
What good there is to have a goalie who can run as fast as the offensive player ?
That is , not just that games will be boring due to the way they play , but they will be unsuccessful as well because they lack players with specialized skills .
Strikers score goals because they are skilled in that field , and goalies save shots because that is what they are good at .
Therefore , not just soccer players , but students should also learn to be unique and specialize in one field where they can shine .

In conclusion , it is better to be specialized in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge on many academic subjects .
This opinion was supported by typical school and Japanese national soccer team examples .
To summer up , be unique and specialize in your own field !
I totally disagree with the statement saying that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today .
I think that there will be even more cars in the future , e.g. because of the economical progress and growing wealth in some strongly populated countries like China or India .
The more money the people in these countries earn , the more comfort they will like to have .
And cars are one of the most significant symbols of comfort and status in our life .
So the new rich and middle class people of China and India will try to achieve this certain level of comfort and status by buying huge amounts of cars , meanwhile the demand for cars in relatively wealthy and developed regions like Europe or Northern America will stagnate at it 's current level .
As a conclusion one can say that it will be the developing countries that will rise the demand and the number of cars in the world by their growing wealth and the wishes of their inhabitants for more comfort .

Another argument to prove my thesis is the globalization and enlarging infrastructure worldwide .
It 's quite common to say that our world becomes smaller nowadays .
The reason for such thoughts is the rapidly growing infrastructure , which makes it easier for many people to travel around or to send goods to foreign countries .
In our globalized world , you need to get from one place to another in a short time , e.g. to lead a succesful business .
And for moving around , you need streets and cars .
Therefore , the more our world becomes globalized and connected , the more streets and cars will be built .

One aspect , that can influence the production and use of cars in a negative way , could be the growing price for natural gas and petrol .
But I 'm sure that scientists will be successful in their aims to create cars which do not depend anymore on gas or petrol supplies .
In my opinion , in twenty years there will be much more cars that are propelled with alternative or natural ressources such as electricity or ethanol made out of plants .
That 's why I peronally do n't expect the high prices for oil and gas to have some serious effects on the number of cars .
Many people might find ` specialization ' a convincing and advanced position especially in the modern business world .
It appears to me , however , that those who have broader knowledge of many academic subjects , who might be called ` generalist ' , will be getting more and more important .

I work in one of the biggest banking groups in Japan , which includes more than 30,000 permanent employees and over 10,000 part-time employees .
Generally speaking , the products and services that a bank provides require high-level and specialized knowledge , particulary in the stage where those products and services are developed and organised .
However , those are not provided not only for professionals within the same industry but also for ordinary people who do not have any special know-how or skills of financial instruments .
In this marketing stage , the importance of those who have broad knowleadge of many academic subjects can be clearly identified , because such people have a variety of perspectives based on the academic backgrounds and can approach the possible customers from various angles .
This is one of the most important elements in promoting and enhancing business .

Secondly , according to my business experience , I would like to stress that good managers in an organization often have various academic backgrounds as well as a variety of business experience .
I am not saying that a specialist who concentrates on one specific subject cannot be a good manager .
However , in most cases , it is the fact that senior managers need to cover extremely wide range of business area .
In this context , a company is highly likely to regard those who have broad knowledge based on many academic subjects as potential candidates for good manegers or , finally , future board members .

In the reasons stated above , I believe those who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects are more highly appreciated than are those who specialize in one specific subject , especially in the future business world .
Some people have broab knowledge of many academic subjects , which means that they know little on many many different things , some others know a lot about only a few subjects , which means that they 're specialized in those subjects .
What is the best ?

As far as I 'm concerned , I really believe that students should touch a little bit evrerything , they should be in the know , not only about the different subject they have in class , but also about what happens in the outside world of their university .
I think that if somebody has a broad knowledge of many academic subjects it shows its mind-openess and its interrest for what others learn and study .
Nevertheless , if you know little about many different things you can take part on a lot of conversations , but as soon as it gets to the core of the matter you get lost , given that it will be to specific for you and you wo n't be able to answer questions .

On the other hand , if you know a lot about only a few subjects you can depen conversations on those you know but you ca n't even take part at conversations which deal about something you may never have heard about , or you can ask but the other peolple may look at you as if you where from another planet .
That is the risk you undertake .

So to resume my opinion , I think that there has a balance to be found between having a broad knowledge on many different academic subjects and beeing specialized in only one .
That means that one should be open-minded and have a lot of different points of interest but in the same time that one should know everything in an exact way about one or maximum two specific subjects .
People go somewhere every day in life .
And they use trasportation vehicles in order to go to the place that they want .
I think the most comfortable one is the cars .
I do not agree with the statement that '' In twenty years thre will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' because of the following reasons .

First reason is that travelling by cars is the most comfortable way in short distances .
In Turkey most of the people prefer their cars instead of puplic transpotation .
We can understand this from the number of cars in the traffic .
Especially the time that the people exit from their jobs , there is a traffic jam in everywhere and this indicates that people prefer travelling by car .
So they cannot give up travelling by cars .

Secondly , there are fewer cars in the past but this number is increased much more today .
This shows that in the future this number will continue to increase .
Maybe in the future the railway system will developed and be common but this will not prevent the use of cars .

Third reason is that people 's buying power increased according to the past and everyone can easily buy a car in Turkey .
Furthermore , there is more than one car belong to a family .
Since the railway system is not developed exactly and the fee of the tickets are not cheap to buy , it is cheaper to go to the short distances by car .
Thus people prefers their cars .

Finally , in the future cars will run with electricity or water or other cheap substances .
Then therefore travelling by car will be the most preferable way of going to places in the following twenty years .

To sum up , there will be more cars in use than there are in the future because of the reasons that I have mentioned above .
Nowadays , people are getting busier and busier with their own bussiness , especially the young people who are fighting hard for their future .
As a result , there comes the criticism that the young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
In my opinion , this statement is groundless and the youngsters today do contribute to their communities to a great extent .

To begin with , we will first look at the community service organised by various schools .
Taking Singapore as an example , it is compulsory for each student to accomplish a minumum time of 10 to 30 hours of community service each year , depending on different schools and different level of education .
The service includes helping out in old folks ' home , organizing charity events and so on .
It has greated contributed to the communities considering the size of student population .
And not only Singapore , schools in other countries have similiar policies as well to make the students contributed within their ability .

Secondly , many working young people today are voltunteers in various organizaitions such as hospitals and kindergartens .
Besiding donating their money , they also spend a lot of time in taking care of the patients or children and gain a deeper understanding of their needs .
In fact , from my experience of being a volunteer , some institutions actually depend on these young people as an effective human resources .
And each volunteer spends about 3 to 5 hours per week in these voluntary jobs .

Lastly , there are many other minor areas that the young peole make contributions on .
For instance , to help the neighbouring children with their school work is a form of contribution .
And everyone may have attended some performces for charity purposes , and that is helping his community too .

Therefore , I believe that it is unfair to say that the young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The helps in various forms can be easily seen in every aspect of our life .
Actually , I think the young people have done a great job in helping out their communities .
Nowadays , most of the people are looking for a very secure and non-stressful life whereas , in the same time , most of their dreams are made of success , money and interesting experiences .

This is paradoxal as the behavior which consists to not be afraid of taking risks and trying new things is a must have in order to reach such goals .
This statement can be supported by pointing out how innovative people create their own success yet also by analyzing the risk theory in a financial view and realizing that we need to look ahead and not behind to create our futur .

By paying attention to the current most succesful businessmen such as Bill Gates or the creators of Google , we can firstly learn that innovation is a major key of success .
In fact , a person who has no fear to try new things , to take risk or just to think about something different or bizarre for most of the people will be more able to create a new need for customer .
For instance , the compagny Sony in the 90s bet on producing walkmans , which are portable music maker , and by this new product created a new market without any competitors .
Such a great innovation sharply increased Sony 's benefits during several years .

If we talk about risk on a financial view , we will notice that , furthermore , according the risk theroy , for every investment there is a level of risk implied .
So , if a compagny wants to develop its profits , this one must undergo risks .
in other words , the riskier is an investment , the more lucrative it will be .
This financial theory , which deals about shares and bonds , can be extended to other field such as education , self improvment , sport etc .

All in all , im my opinion , we can pretend to be success
I agree with the idea that success is mostly acheived when people venture into new terrotories and explore things that they may not know so well .
Usually trying new things or venturing into uncharted territory results in outcomes that can be extremely good or bad for an indiviudual .
When pharmaceutical companies invest in new drugs , or inventions they are well aware that they might lose the money that they have invested .
However , they are also aware of the fact that the risks have to be taken by someone in order for success to happen .

People who take risks often try new things whilst being aware of and for the most part having experienced great losses .
However , what makes a person succeed is the ability of this person to handle the new and risky .
Without the risks that many took in science and in experimentation , many of the simple diseases known to us now would be fatal .

If people stuck to what they knew and everyone contiued doing the same thing .
Then the world would be a stagnant place where not much will change .
People who take risks and change what it is that is known to them allow new areas to be explored , therefore , becoming experts in things that were previously new .

We currently live an evolving world , where new discoveries and inventions are made on a daily basis .
In order for a person to live in this world they have to prove their ability to contribute to it .
In many ecomonies jobs are scarce and people struggle to feed themselves and their families .
People who want to be outstanding or who want to deliver more to this world find themselves having to think outside of the box , and assume more personal risk .

Success may vary for each individual .
What remains the same is the fact that in order to excel in something a person has to expand of that which is known to him or her .
Expansion cannot be achieved if people limited themselves to what they felt they new .
It is when one tries something new that they might realize new abilities and strengths within themselves .
I believe and I have observed that successful people always try new things and more importantly do not hesitate to take risk .
This is the way how people see and meet new opputunities waiting somewhere to pick it up .

Eventhough trying new things and being open to changes are fearfull to most people , I think this is the one seperating those who govern and others who are governed .
I also strongly believe that taking risk is the key to success espicially in busuness .
For example , my big brother resigned from his job in Turkey and went to United States for his graduate study .
Some people who never want to try new things and always doing the same stuff forever blame dmy brother as foolish because he was trying something new and taking risk .
However , in the long term , my brother completed his study in the US and now has become a director in an oil company currently running in Russia and making a lot of money .
Those who blamed my brother still do the same job with fixed salary and closed vision .

Now the world in which we are living has become a small village and is changing in every hour in terms of rules and ways which we live \ which we do business , and so on .
Even if we do not want to try new things , I believe , the current conditions are forcing us to change , try new things and taking risk .
I have several friends doing business in different part of the country .
I clearly certain that those who did new things addressing taste and preferences of custoners , for instance , have been winners at the end of the day .
Nevertheless , some of my friends who do not like taking risk lost their business .
I have an specific but trategic example with one of my friends doing s'lver business in Ankara .
I strongly urged him that he had to try new markets especially foreign markets for his products he was producing .
In addition , he gad to take some risk for losing money .
He chose his old way and avodid new things .
Unfortunuately .
his business is noe dead .

In summury , I am in favor of trying new things and taking risk .
So that we will be able to improve our personel attidutes and busnisses .
This is the way how we can prepare ourselves for future .
Whether or not young people enjoy life more than older people do is an interesting question , and I for one disagree with that statement .
First and foremost one has to understand that enjoying oneself does not necessarily have to mean enjoying similar things .
With that in mind , it becomes clear that older people do not necessarily enjoy life less than young people do .

First , let 's look at two different rather popular activities for both , the young and the old .
How about sports - sports is a rather popular pasttime activity for the younger generation .
But it 's also an important part of older people 's lifes , a point that is supported by the fact that certain activities that have fascinated the older generation first but have now moved on to include the younger generation as well ( without of course losing any importance to the older generation , it 's like a side-by-side activity ) do exist .
Sports can therefore be enjoyed by both , the young and the old , and does not leave anyone behind .
If you do n't feel like jumping down a cliff into the ocean then do n't - there 's other activities like running , iceskating or , the one I referred to above to illustrate an activity moving down the generational ladder rather than up : nordic walking .

And what about a very different pasttime activity that both , the yound and the old enjoy : going out and enjoying oneself with friends .
While the youth has bars , pubs and clubs to enjoy itself , the older generation usually prefers locations with less noise and more atmosphere , yet not necessarily less fun .
If one enjoys a nice restaurant or a dance then age does n't really matter - a 90-year old can enjoy himself next to a 30-year old and both will be having a blast .

Yet another point I would like to make is money and time .
It 's a known fact that older people , especially retirees , statistically have more money to spend than younger people , who might have to support an entire family of four or more on one single income , do .
And unfortunately , in our society money equals fun .
A very good example is travelling , which in our society is just another word for seemingly endless enjoyment all over the world .
Travelling is quite expensive though , a family of four will not be able to afford a Carribean cruise on a ship , nor will it have time or money for an extended cruise or travels that last longer than a week or two .
With more time on their hands older people can usually sit back and relax , enjoy their free time in foreign countries or even at home with their friends .

Which , as my final point , is what I think the most important factor of enjoying oneself .
Friends are the salt in the soup , and while older people do n't tend to have more friends than the younger generation ( true , I do n't have any hard evidence to support this , but it has been my general observation in my immediate environment ) , they usually tend to have closer friends that they have known for decades .
Sharing ones life with a life partner or a good friend is what makes life worth living to some people , and in order to do that age does n't matter - attitude matters .

I think I have made my point clear that I do not think that younger people enjoy life more than older people do .
From the outside and from a rather superficial point of view this might seem to be the case , given that according to the media - which unfortunately is made mostly for young people - only young people seem to enjoy life on TV and in the movies .
It 's a certain stereotype that the movie industry has been presenting us for many years and it seems to have attached itself to our society where age equals boredom and loneliness .
Personally I think that if I had a time machine and would be able to look at a 20 years older me I would discover , that the older me would still be having fun in life and enjoying itself just as the young me does right now .
Every teacher has his/her way to teach sudents and each tacher has his / her technieqs in teaching .
One may let students to understand ideas , and one may let them to learn facts .
however , teaching students to understand ideas and concept deliver the information more easily to students rather than learning and memorising facts .
Understanding ideas and concept is make the information or the details more clear to students .

first , when a student is facing a new ideas and information , he/she may have no idea about the new topic .
And starting by learning the facts and memorising them will be hard on them and may lead to miss understanding for the topic .
Whereas , when the teacher trys to explain how the concepts and the ideas where direvered from will make it easier for the student to learn .
for example , if the teacher gives students scientific work sheet and tells students that they have a test in the next day on the difinitions , students will try to memorise the terms without understanding for the roots or the details of the facts that are in the sheet .
However , they will be confused about how the facts and the details are linked .
And in that case the teacher should have have talk about the facts and teach the students how these facts works , because that might help in memorising the fact for a longer time period .

second , if the student learnt for example , how the machiene works , he will be more knowledgable about methods used to invint it .
Moreover , when the teacher uses technieqs that alows the student to think and how to understand the ideas this piece of information will last in his/her head for along time and he/she can develope that new idea a year after a year .
Using this methode will produce alotof inventores and scientests .

To conclude , some students have the appility to understand more than memorising and the opposite is also true .
however , these two types of learning , depend on understanding ideas and concept .
and it make it easier for students to learn .
I am 24 years old and I have been studying Electronic Engineering for five years .
During my studies I have often asked to myse lf it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
From my experience I realized that the best way to attain good results is to specialize in one specific subject .
In particoular thare was an event that convinced me of that .

In fact there was a semster in wich I had four courses at the same time plus the development of my bachelor ' s degree thesis .
I was going to begin my Master 's studies and in the same period I even had to present my bachelor 's degree thesis work in a conference .
I was very busy with my thesis however I decided to register for four classes .
It was a big mistake .
In fact I could not attend all the lessons and when I had the exames I did not took good grades .
Moreover I did not have a broad knowledge but just a superficial one .
This was an important experience for my future choiches .

In fact I realized that a broad knowledge is something that comes with time .
In the next semesters I chose to register for two or maximum three classes .
I could attend all the lessons and when I studied at home I had enough time to go depper in the topic that I have had listened in class .
In this way I took very good grades that now permit me to apply as Ph.D. at the M.I.T ..


From my experience during my Master 's studies I realized that it is quite difficult to have a broad and deep knowledge at the same time .
Therefore I think that it is better to specialize in one or few subjects .
In this way it is possible to have a deeper knowledge and after few time even a broad knowledge .
With this porpouse in my mind I am going to apply for my Ph.D. and I am sure that in this way I will able to have other success .
There is a lot of ways to travel in the present day .
When you are plannig a holiday it is neccesery to consider which one it is the best way according to the needs for the trip you want .
Plus , a way to travel can be associated with the personality you have , because if you are a person who likes the adventure you might want to travel alone , without any plann at all , so in this way you just need to pack A small bag and have enough money to eat .
But if you are an organized person and you like everything right , maybe the best way to travel for you is with a pevious plann traced .
In this way you will know what and when you will visit the stuff you already know you are going to see , and therefore it wo n't be any that changes your ideals for the trip .

You also must consider if you want to travel by yourself or just your family , or if you want to do it with a group of persons who are interested in the sames places that you wish to know and there are led by a tour guide .
In one hand , f you go by your self , you can arrange your time whatever you want , so you will be free to choose when you want to do one thing or another ; in the other hand , if you choose to go with an already confomed tourist group you can also enjoy to be with another people and have the chance to meet different persons and maybe different cultures than yours .
Besides , if you are traveling wth a guide , he or she can show you the best places in the city .

In my case , i rather travel in a group led by a tour guide because if i do not know the place , i am sure i can have a better experince with someone who already knows the city o town we are going to .
In this manner , it is easily for me to travel in this way because i also like to meet a lot of different people .
Since i was a kid , i have travel a lot and anywhere i go i make new friends and this gives me the opportunity to get more knowlege from other culture
No Risk , No Fun !

I believe that the statment `` Successful people try new things and tak risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do '' is a very wise adice .
It seems that people with a new business tend to play on the safe side , instead of taking risks .
It is often argued that if one makes changes in a slower manner , one 's business will be safe and success will be guaranteed .
It may be a slow process , but it is safe .
Unfortunately , people that have such thinking also tend to forget that playing on the safe side , will not guarantee success .
There is not one method or formula that leads to succes .
Such thing does not exist .
With every decision we make , we take a risk .
If one truly `` plays on the safe side '' , there are no changes made .
Every single time that we make a choice , me make a risk .

So , if even playing on the safe side , turns not out to be so safe after all , why sould one not go for the whole ?
Taking risks and playing with new ideas and sturctures , can be very helpful to a successful business .

The odds of failing by taking a risk , can high or low , it depends completly on a particular situation .
You should not forget that the outcome of someone who is taking a chance , and is succeeding , will be much more valuble , than from someone who took the `` easy '' and `` safe '' way of making very small changes over time .

If you would graph the failures and success of two different businesses , one who makes small changes , or even none , over a long period of time , and then of another business who is making constant changes and is playing with their possibilities and the freedom they have available , you will see that business one will have a postivie rising curve , and that business two will have a line that in - and decreases from time to time .
But eventually if you would compare these graphs , business two will be the one with the most success .

If you want to have a successful business , you have to go beyond your knowledge and experience and be willing to discover new , and perhpas , even better methods and structures .
agree .
i completely agree with the statement .
most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
the statement can be applied to almost any field .
firstly , the facts presented in the ads are not always correct .
these generally are not tested or not verified .
say , at one time an ad in asian country about the heat pumps said that the device can output two units of heat energy when it takes only one input of electrical energy .
now this challenges the very law of conservation of energy .
but it doesnt tell about an additional unit of heat energy the device takes from surroundings .

so on the part of the consumer it becomes really difficult to believe such facts .
secondly , it sometimes happen the statistical results shown about a product are not taken considering all possible situations .
say for example the windows beta version ad said that it can work longer .
but in actual working the software crashed after working continuously for forty-eight hours .
one obvious possible reason is that it was never tested in such conditions .
so in ad it looked very efficient , much more than it actually was .

thirdly , sometimes the ads make comparisons with the other products of same category .
in such comparisons they highlight those parameters which are good in their product as compared to the other product .
but rarely they compare all the parameters including those in which their product is inferior in performance to the other company 's product .
they never show the actual tradeoffs between the positives and negatives of the product .

so the comparisons can be misleading very often to the consumer .
lastly , very few ads show the potential harm a product can cause to a human or entity using it over long periods of time .
for example a computer monitor manufacturing company very rarely focuses on the part that continuous exposure to the screen can strain the eyes which can have serious medical problems in long run .
so the consumer never gets to know about these problems thinking that the product is efficient and doesnt even strain the eyes .
rarely such ads suggests to use anti-glare protective screens .

by using the above stated supporting reasons and approriate examples most advertisements make product seem much better in performance and efficiency than they really are .
Yes , I totally agree with this statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It is a shame that being a consumer is getting harder because there are too many advertisements present their products in the most attractive ways .

I think the reason is that there are many companies and manufactures out there making the same type of products .
Therefore , they all have spend a great amount of money on advertising so they can compete with each other and survive .
And due to the advanced technologies those advertisement agencies use , almost every product they present looks like the best on the market .
But very often , consumers do n't really get what they expected after purchasing the product by just looking at their ads .

For example , few weeks ago I saw a digital camera ad on FRY 's Electronics that was offering a great discount on this featuring model .
It the picture , the camera got a great metalic texture and looked very well built .
Although I owned a professional digital SLR camera ( by CANON ) for a while , I wanted soemthing inexpensive , small , and easier to carry around in the campus .
I purchased the camera without doing some research online or trying it in the store .
When I took it home , I realized its body was not metal but some light ; cheap plastic .
The fully charged battery died with in just 30-40 minutes of photo shooting after trying it .
I finally got frustrated and decided to return it .

The return line was very long and the guy behind me was returning the same camera too due to the same reason .
We talked for more than 30 minutes while waiting and we reached a conclusion that never purchase something just based on the ad or picture .

From now on , I do studies online or read some consumer reviews before I purchase .
Even the old saying goes `` A picture worths more than a thouthand words '' , it does n't apply on all products we see on advertisements nowadays .
The question about hiring a tour guide or not when traveling to a new place can raise a controversy .
On the one hand , you know what to expect when taking a tour .
On the other hand , you would totally depend on the guide 's timing , schedules and particular inclinations to visit some places and leave others aside .
I believe traveling in a group led by a tour guide leaves no room to particular experiences while traveling .

It cannot be denied that tours are organized and save time as they know where to go and what would be the most efficient itinerary do do so .
As they know the places , they wo n't waste time asking for directions or going to `` famous empty spots '' listed on travel guides .
This is a great advantage as available time to travel is usually very limited .

However , due to time constrains , tour-guides usually limit the visits to landmarks and leave aside important things as beautiful landscapes or `` live-experiences '' .
In fact , time is so short that many interesting things are seen from the window of a bus .
It must be very frustrating to go to Paris to hear a tour guide saying `` on your left is the Louvre Museum '' instead of actually visiting it .

Moreover , traveling in a tour-guide led group is far more expensive than traveling on your own , thus limiting the posibilities of many people to do so .
In addition , if you liked a particular spot , for instance the Louvre Museum , you do n't have the flexibility to stay longer , but instead you 're limited by inflexible schedules .

In conclusion , I believe that even if traveling in a tour guide led group can be more time efficient that doing so on your own , it 's expensive , inflexible and limiting .
A better experience can be held by traveling on your own , provided that a prior assessment and good planning of the trip are done .
New idea = success ?

The most successful ideas are new and never seen before .
Almost all people are attracted by things they do not know yet .
So by following new ways of thinking you can become a successful person .
I agree with this statement , as new ways of thinking can help you to be successful in some situations of life .

Starting a company is a high risk .
In order to be successful in an economy you should really have thought of an idea no one has had before you .
Especially , if you want to sell things , new ideas may help you to make your good more attractive to people who would buy it .
If you would try to sell something everyone does already have , you will have a bigger problem .
So you must make yourself special , what mean that you have take new ideas apart from what you already know into consideration .

Another great example are internet companies that convince people to by things they used to by at normal shops , even food or cars , via the internet .
New comunication forms , such as specified formus , have come up .
Now the founders can get rich by selling their internet sites .

But there are other parts in life where you can be successful with a work that is known and you can do well .
For instance , building up new friendships or partnerships , as well as social engagement .
For these kinds of `` jobs '' it is not important that you earn any money or make profit .
Here people can be successful in this way that he or she is satisfied and happy with their life .
This would be a definition of success where I cannot completely agree on the statement .

The of couse you have to be really good at your job and better as everyone else .
This is the point where new ideas may help you to stick out of all other people again .

All in all the conclusion is that if you want to be successful in an economic way you should definetly try risks and have new ideas .
However in other parts of life it is better to do what your experience is based on an what your good at .
People travel to all over the world for various reasons .
Some do it because they want a change in their lives , whereas others do it beacause they want to explore the world and want to know about that place , the people and their culture .

Hence , I feel that if the reason is to explore the world or the place , the best thing is to do in a group led by a tour guide .
A tour guide is a person who is professionally qualified to help and show people the places they are travelling to , so it would be really easy if you are with a tour guide .
Also , travelling in a group has its own charm .
You are not only enjoinyg a new place but also you are sharing your experience and your joy with others too .

Although , I do agree if we are travelling in groups we dont possess the amount of freedom we would enjoy when we are alone but being in groups with a tour guide is beneficial in many other ways .
Firstly , since he is an expert you will get to explore and see all important places which you might miss if you are travelling alone .
For example you might just miss amonument and you later regret that you might have consulted a tour guide .
Also , by chance if you face any kind of problems you have so many people helping you out .
For example , you might have a problem with your health in a place which is new to you .
It might be great cause of concern , whereas if you are travelling in a group you have so many people to count on .

Also , there are people in this world who do not have families or friends these kind of groups are really beneficial for them .
It has been seen that after spending days together you really beacame friends even after you finish off with your trip .

When people travel in groups they spend all extra time singing , enjoing , dancing with each other .
Even the time you spend on travelling becomes so exciting .
To summarise I would say that travelling in groups led by a tour guide do take away some part of your freedom but it provides you with a real defination of enjoyment and excitement which you can never enjoy all alone .
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The following explanations shall provide the basis for my opinion that older people enjoy life more than young people do .

Young people often seem to be happy and cheerful .
They participate in a lot of activities , are often around other people and enjoy their leisure time with exciting things .

Older people often stay at home , do not have many different activities in their daily life and seem to be less excited .

The above statements decribe the surface of what the life of these two groups of society is like .
In my opinion it is more important to take a look under the surface and to find out about the mental state of these people .

Young people often find themselves being put under pressure .
Life for them is very difficult .
They are growing up and their environment and their own attitudes and opinions change very quickly .
It is difficult for young people to take decisions and to be strong .
This leads to a variety of mechanisms of self-protection , which often imply an activity-oriented life .
For example , many young people often go to parties .
They seem to be enjoying life as much as possible .
However , they are often just taking a break from their stressful life , but are still not able to truly enjoy their life .
They are not truly relaxed and happy , bcause they are not really doing what is best for them .

Older people have mostly passed this phase of doubts and difficulties .
They show a more relaxed attitude towards life and its surprising turns .
This group of the society knows that mistakes are made and wrong decisions happen , and have learned to take everything easier .
Moreover , older people to not let themselves be put under pressure by other people or circumstances .
They show the ability to take more decisions in their own interest and to know what they want for their life .
For example , they do not go out to parties as much as young people do .
They know better that activities including a more personal social contact is worth more than just pushing away their problems .
Older people are choosing their best opportunities for life and enjoy them .

The above paragraphs argue my opinion that older people enjoy life more than young people do .
I do not agree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
I think that older people have as many ways to enjoy life as young people do .
Even though young people and older people have different ways to have fun , I am positive that everyone in society has many opportunities to enjoy her/his life .

First , many young people enjoy playing sports , playing musical instruments , hanging out with friends .
For example , I am a high school student , and I feel really happy when I play the piano , when I play tennis with my friends , and also when I go to movies or bowling with my friends .
I see other high school students having fun playing soccer , videogames , talking with friends .
There are many other way to enjoy their life too .

Second , I have seen on television many older people playing games , having good times with their grandchildren , reading many books , etc .
They can find the ways to see happiness in their lives .
My grandmother likes sowing , and she told me when I was little that she liked sowing but also liked people 's happy faces when she gave them something she made Also I have seen old people playing golf , or meeting with old friends from their high schools or colleges .

However , it is true that younger people would have more opportunities to enjoy many things because of youth .
Older people would have less energy or have lost some ability to do something than younger people do .
But even though older people may have less opportunities to enjoy life by playing sports or something that needs much energy , they of course can have something they can do without moving a lot or using much energy .
There are also many things younger people cannot do because of less experiences .
For example , as I mentioned above , meeting up with old friends is a thing only old people can do .

Again , I think older people have many ways to enjoy life as well as young people do .
The ways may be different , but everyone has many opportunities to have fun in lives , because I think that is what most people live for .
Everyone has something he/she can see happiness in to live long .
I disagree with the given statement that in the coming twenty years the number of cars on road will actually decrease .
Many people may believe and support this because of the fact that petroluem resources are depleting and the sudden rise in prices of petrol and diesel have supported their point of view .

But what they actually fail to see is the facts .
As of today we have not even discovered ( leave alone taking out ) 50 % of the petroluem resources present on earth .
The theory or curve used for energy consumption is Logistic curve .
This curve shows that energy consumption reaches to a maximum value at exactly the mid point of the life span of the resource .
Till today we have not reached that mid point even .

Another point is that , the rate at which the automobile sector is growing today it is impossible to say that in the next twenty years it will be gone .
All the big industries can not be closed in just twenty years .

Coming back to the petroluem , it is true that the cost of oil will continue to increase and slowly it will not be affordable for the commom man to use it for transportation but other alternatives are coming up slowly .
They include Bio-fuel , coal gasification and coal liquification , etc ..

I have myself worked on Bio-fuels ( specifically bio-diesel ) .
In my project I used bio-diesel as fuel for a diesel engine and compared engine performance and emission characterstics with diesel on other hand as fuel .
The conclusion was that bio-diesel produces less pollutants and is cheaper as compared to diesel prices as of today .
Moreover it is bio-degredable .
The researchers are having lot of hopes with bio-fuels because of above mentioned advantages .
In my country government has taken several initiatives for mass-production of bio-diesel .

There are other alernatives for petroluem also .
eg. For the short term requirement of petrol/diesel and gas , coal liquification and coal gasification are best possible answers .
In these processes solid coal is converted to natural gas and liquid petrol .
As there is no scarcity or crisis for coal today , this will be a possible answer for some years .

Also much research is going on on electric cars .
Indian company REVA is producing an electric car called REVA II which is available for consumers .

Hence in all it is evident that the number of cars on road will only increase but the rate of increase may drop down .
And the problem of energy crisis will be solved because human civilization will survive as it has till date and whenever such problems come , alternatives have been found out and implemented .
I do n't agree that there will be less cars in use in twenty years comparing to today .

The history of car production and of ownership of a car shows that the amount of cars is rising and rising .
Ok you can say : `` But the bad enviromental situation will lead to less cars and more to alternativs like public buses and subways ! ''
But in my opinion this is not the way people will think .

The most highest values for most of the modern people living today are mobility and flexibilty .
You can go where ever you want , when ever you want !

Further than that : you HAVE to be flexible .
It 's important for your job and to catch up with the speed the world is running .

For example : I 'm working as a cinematographer since several years for different broadcast stations .
The medium of television became so fast during the last 15 to 20 years because there were such important inventions like mobile phones and the internet .
You can react on certain news much more faster than some years ago .
When the medium is becoming faster the people who are feeding the medium have to become faster .
Following this line it is important to be flexible .
One way to be flexible is to have a car .
So at the end the circle is closed .

On the other hand it is a must for the people to think about alternatives next to the using of cars .
The raising of the amount of cars on the street will lead to a traffic-collaps .
In this case the gouvernment is also in charge to support alternative ways of transportation .
This can be in spending money on traffic research projects or in supporting scientists who are developing new ways of energy supplies for cars .

At the end it will lead to more cars but with alternative ways of running them .
Fuel - and diesel-driven cars should be reduced and instead of this solar , hybrid - or hydrogenic-based vehicles should be supported .
How successful are you ?
Have you ever felt that you are successful enough that you do n't need to try other things and become successful in other things you did not try before .
Well , you are not really a successful if you think what you succeeded in is enough .

Successful people are those who worked hard to accomplimish and achieve their goals .
As a matter of fact , you wo n't become successful unless you work hard for what you want to achieve .
You can become successful if you really worked hard for what you want .

Successful people tend to try new things other than the ones they already succeeded in , because as successfuls , they truly believe that they have to keep working hard to achieve more goals and have various careers where they succeeded in , even if they had to pay their own risk on the trials of becoming successful in more careers .
Successful 's ambitions do not stop at a particular point , they always have ambitions and they always want to achieve more no matter how much risk this will cause them .
They believe that to success , you have to try , risk and work hard , and they work based on that theory .
Moreoever , if successful people tried new things and they failed , they would n't be discouraged and they would try the same thing again and again , until they succeed .
It is a matter of challange .
Successful people always like to take challanges and achieve their goals in any case , and they do not accept failure .
They might fail , but they wo n't lose hope .
They keep their hopes as high as they were and try again on the same thing , until they success and become successful in another thing .

All in all , I personally think that since successful people are optimistic , hard working , smart , and like challenging , they will always want to try new things and take risks rather than just convincing themselves that what they have succeeded in is enough .
They would do more things than what they already know how to do well , and I believe that they will success one time even if they failed several times .
I think that a successful person is more focused on trying new things rather than doing what he or she already knows well .
Infact a successful person is a person who wants to make the difference .
Let me explain .
A successful person is a person who wants to be different from other people ; he / she wants to have some characteristics that can make him/her special in front of all other normal people .
To do that , a succesful person has to try new things and not only to do what other people do every day .
The history shows us many examples of men a women that have changed the world by trying new things .
I 'm talking about inventors that , by doing new things , has introduced some important innovations .
These men and women had taken a lot of risks by doing that .
The inventor that I admire most is Marie Curie , who developed the x rays technology .
X rays technology is very important today .
However , Marie Curie died because of intoxication caused by the big amount of X rays that she absorbed .
Without her sacriface , today we would't have one of the most important instruments to diagnose deseases and illness .

However , I have to say that a successful person is a person that is able to take some risks only when risks are proportionated to the benefits carried by doing new things .
Only a stupid person can take some big risks without the possibility to get some bigs benefits .

For example , managers and brockers , who are the main actors of the financial world , try new things ; for example they try to invest money and time in new areas of the world or in new technologies .
They do thatt only when the risk connecetd to the financial operation is as big as the return of money waited .
The topic `` whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or have specialised knowledge '' is subjective .
In my opinion having specialised knowledge is more important than having little knowledge of every field .
I support my opinion by an adage `` jack off all and master of none '' as per the adage a person who knows bits and pieces of all the subjects but does not have complete knowledge of one field end up knowhere .
A specialisation is must because if person tends to select a career path the he must be focused on following it , he must be able concentrate on his or her desired field without bieng distracted by other influences , For example many people tend to switch careers because the pay is good or work is less taxing , they tend to obtaind knowledge of other areas which may be beneficial , but as trends change the motivation also change .
i.e if the particular field gets to crowded then people tend again to switch their area of expertise .
In doing so people may intially get better pay for their skill in different departments , but when it comes to progress they may find themselves at lower postion then if they had specialised in a particular area and waited for better opportunities Secondly having broad range of knowledge in itself is not detrimental If a person is able to keep with developments and progresses that are being made , In this fast changing world thing get outmoded quickly for eg in the it world people tend learn a lot new computer languages but as technologies develop some of them get outdated So a person must be able to keep up with progress .
Having said this , it is not humanly possible for each human being to keep himself updated with myriad of changes taking place in limited time he has each day Thirdly it is not only the knowledge in the different academic fields that matter it is the application of the knowledge practically that matter If a person is not able to apply himself or use a skill practically than the skill is worthless For eg if a person has knowledge in the following areas computers , medicine , law : all disparate field with little or no relation to each other and he cannot repair a computer when the situation demands or save a person when he is ill then the knowledge in different areas is of no use unless he able to do complete justice to all the fields Having said this having basic knowledge in some fields which is required for day to day functioning is good for eg basic computer knowledge is required in almost all offices in addition to basic knowledge it is necessary that person must specialise in particular area so that he can continue to prove his worth to employer and continue to progress in his carees In conclusion It is better to specialise in particular academic subject than to try to gain knowledge of all areas and as result end without proper direction to one career specialisation bring a sense of accomplishment which diversifying cannot
With rapid economic development , people face new situations everyday .
Some people try new things and take risks to succeed , others , on the other hand , continue doing what they already know how to do well .
In my opinion , challenging new things and taking riskes would be a better choice for success .
This essay will discuss some reasons to support my view .

Trying new things , successful people could find new matters what they can do .
First of all , individuals can find their possibilities that they did not know .
Secondly , business persons could extend their business by trying new things .
For instance , my friend who own cake shops increased his sales since he started inernet shop on a website .
In a word , people can expand their lives by trying new matters .

Taking risks would lead people to succeed .
Firstly , individuals can change their circumstances to improve their lives .
For example , I could improve my English by coming to Canada that was risky yet I could get better job in Canada .
Secondly , taking riskes , people can obtain big chances .
My uncle made huge money by startign his business .
In short , people can not improve their lives without taking chances .

Other people , on the other hand , have different view ; such as doing same things that they know well would be much better for success .
However , other people who are eager for success usually think up new ideas and technologies in the modern world .
Consequently , only doing same things would become useless .
To sum , people can not avoid to try new things and take riskes .

To conclude , successful people try new things and realize new possibilities in many different situations .
Moreover , by taking risks , they gain chances of success .
In the contrary , doing what people already know how to do well may become out of date .
Hence , it is not difficult to say that successful people try new thingl and take riskes rather than doing same things what they know .
I totally agree with the belief that to have a broad knowledge in many different academic subjects is more valuable than to narrow down in a single subject that you could totally master .

There are undoubtedly many advantages to be very focused on a specific subject ; for example many scientific discoveries would not have been found unless there were some people that studied a lot a precise and narrow domain , such as sub-nuclear physics or organic chemistry .

Nevertheless I think that nowadays a broader culture and education are much more valuable , in order to be a successful in both your career and personal life .
A broadly educated person could also contribute much more to the wellness and prosperity of society .

An example that comes to my mind is the current debate about bioethics : for the society as a whole it is much more important that we have wellrounded people capable of understanding and debating about the social consequences of human clonation , rather than some scientists that develope the technical method to make it possible .

In general I see that the world is becoming really complex and all the jobs require a set of different skills that you can have only with a broad education .

That 's also why universities all over the world have already begun to offer joint-programs or even truly multi-discliplinary degrees .
One example could be bio-engineering , which is the combination of a medical degree and an engineering degree .
Another example could be the introduction in some MBA program of ethics classes : they not only want to educate people to become successful leaders but also want to teach them the consequences of their act in the society , and how to act correctly and by the rules .

I think that this focus toward broadness and roundness is part of mankind progress .
Two centuries ago to be succesfull and happy you only had to learn your job and stick to it for your whole life .
Nowadays every four years you change job , you maybe move in another country , and you face always new experiences and challenges .
In such an enviroment and dinamic situation you are surely better off with a broad knowledge than a deep a specific one on a single domain .
I think the issue posed here is actually a combination of two extremes .
The very purpouse of all the human activities is the quest for knowledge .
Right from the ancient times , man 's quest for knowledge has taken him to many ` until-then-undiscovered ' realms of priceless information or knowledge .
So `` knowledge '' as the word indicates can be interpreted as KNOWING TILL THE EDGE .
But gathering information or collecting details of every aspect and working of this world is no less than a ` herculean ' task .
Every person has a particular field of interest or an area of interest where in , the more he studies about it the more he enjoys .
So one can explore joy in knowing more about what he likes or what interests him .
This is nothing but specialisation .
It actually satisfies the inner desire of a person to know more about the thing or concept he likes to its completeness .
On the other hand , having a deep understanding of only one subject or one concept without knowing anything about the other areas might cripple a person in this ` oh-so-tough ' competitive world .
Every person has to have a basic knowledge about vast subject areas and fields .
Lets take a simple example of a modern day science professor .
Lets say that he teaches physics to the fullest he knows and surprisingly if he hates the subject mathematics he might be losing the race over the others .
Because .
mathematics is the language in which physical principles are expressed and if he does not keep his mind open to the new theories or principles being invented or discovered in the area of mathematics he will be missing a chance to express his physical principles in a more effective way to the students .
So having a broad knowledge of many subject areas than specialize in one subject will definitely give an edge to every person in todays world .
` KNOWLEDGE IS WEALTH AND IT IS GOOD TO HAVE MANY VARIETIES OF WEALTH ''
Regarding the question of agreeing or disagreeing with the statement that indicates that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' , I would have to disagree .
The main reason : why pick one side of the balance , when - at least in this case - you can choose both ?

I think that the specific knowledge of a subject does not excuse a person of knowing other subjects , even if it is at a small level .
Knowledge always complements our activities and , most importantly , it complements ourselves .
Knowledge makes us more complete individuals and better professionals , no matter what activity , profession or craft we practice .

Imagine if the statement was true ...
If we could only pick one side of the balance it could be inferrered that an Aeronautical Engineer would not be able to sustain a conversation with the Louvre Museum curator , for example .
Do you imagine what they both would be missing ?

Regarding the second part of the statement reffering to `` broad knowledge of many academic subjects '' I disagree based on personal experience .
I 'm a journalist , and in my country there 's a saying that states that journalists have `` an ocean of knowledge ...
only one inch deep '' .
This highly offends me , because it generalizes the idea that a journalist is not able to conduct and actual investigation on a subject ( because of his lack of knowledge depth ) .
On the other hand , I 've seen journalists use this `` statement '' as an excuse for their lack of knowledge and investigative capacities , which offends me even more !

Why not have specific subject knowledge combined with broad knowledge of other subjects ?
For me , this is the perfect choice : It allows me to become a more complete professional and person , and to talk and exchange ideas with a variety of people and professionals , which derives into constant learning of new things .

This would also make the world a much `` social '' place : everybody could satisfactory discuss topics and exchange ideas with lots of different people .
The world would n't be made of `` knowledge ghettos '' ( Engineers Vs .
Artists , Musicians Vs .
Chemists ) .
Could you imagine the isolation ?

So let 's get all the knowledge we can , both broadly and specifically .
When it comes to knowledge , do not choose a side , learn about them all !
There is great debate on the academic arena about whether to have broad kowledge on many academic disciplines or to specialize in one specific subject .
Nowadays , people are highly puzzled with this question and are having difficulties to choose their path .
Depending on my personal experience and the conjuncture of today 's world I would definetely claim that specializing in one specific subject is more beneficial to one .

To begin with , globalisation is at its peak on the 21st century .
This fact brings a lot of communication tools like television , cable TV , internet , ...
etc .
All these sources of communication feed people with information .
Although , load of information sometimes creates confusion still it makes an awareness .
Thus , in the globalised world more people know more things on more issues .
In other words , most of the people became able to have a say on any issue with the information coming from communication sources .
This , made the `` general information '' less valuable .

In the past , there was no internet or TV .
Access to information was valuable .
Thus , being able to talk on any issue was a virtue .
Nowadays , having general information is accepted as something normal .
So , it is expected from people to say more professional and more specific things about their issue which makes the specialization in one specific subject necessary .

Secondly , I am an International Relations student at a university .
I am planning to graduate this year .
However , I realized that I would face difficulties in finding a job .
The reason is that when I graduate from this department I would be able to say something on every issue without being a specialst on any of them .
To illustrate , I know something about microeconomics and macroeconomics - because I took that lectures during my 4 year education - but I am not an economist .
Just in the same way , I know about psychology and sociology a little but I am not a psychologist or sociologist .
All these facts made me aware that I have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects but I need to specialize .
Thus , I decided to apply for a master 's degree .
This illustration well explains why specializing is a better choice .

In conclusion , the new conjucture of the world which came through the process of globalisation and my personal experience prooves that specialization is a better choice that having a broad knowledge on many academic subjects .
The increasing demands of people on having a master 's degree in todays world would be another proof of this necessity .
Poeple strive for success in many ways .
Some people specialize in what they already know how to do well .
Others , however , are brave enough to try new things and take risks .
Given the fact that we are living in a rapidly changing society , I agree that successful people are the latter ones who continuoulsy change their paths of life .

Firstly , trying new things and taking risks often leads people to see new opportunities .
The technology and business are changing fast .
If people stick to the old ways of thinking , they may be left behind by the society .
So we should be open-minded to the new environment .
For example , Bill Gates , the founder of Microsoft , took great risks when he decided to quit from university and start his own business .
That was indeed a very brave and insightful choice for an undergraduate student to make .
Because Bill Gates seized the new opportunity without hesitation , he gained great success .

Noy only can we have new opportunities by taking risks , there is also higher rate of return .
When people only do what they already know how to do well , they have little room for improvement .
Thus they cannot gain more for themselevs nor contribute more to the society .
In contrary , high risks often implys high rate of return .
Those who try new things often get more because of the risks undertaken .
My Marketing professor , for example , changed his career several times from amanager to aconsultant to a professor .
He really gains much life experience and at the same time makes good fortune .

As stated above , trying new things and taking risks would bring people valuable opportunities and good return .
We all live in a increasingly competitive society .
That is why we should adapt to the changing world by changing ourselves .
is exactly the way that leads to success .
Is it important for students to understand ideas and concepts ?
of course it is we cannot deny that studying a subject and learning this subject does not necessary imply that you undestood the whole idea and the whole concept .
Sometimes might be better to understand the whole sense of a lecture at your first read for example instead of reading it more and more times to learn every single word of it and being able to repeat it in front of the professors during an oral examination !
I would rather look like a computer machine repeating binary codes without understanding why and what it is really doing !
I think that to better comprehend this idea , comptures might be the perfect example .
The whole concept is that scientist built the machines to help people perform their jobs easily simplifing complex procedures using software based products .
The machine is able to perform all this complex operations in a very short time because somebody programmed it to reapeat a matrix of data and multiplexing it in different ways , the machine is able to reproduce always the same actions but is definitively not able to understand why is performing this action , is not able to learn from his errors , is not able to modify automatically his behaviour .
That 's mainly why I think any sort of attempt to learn facts for what they actually are whitout understanding what is the whole idea or concept behind them is totally unuseful for the student .

Once again if the student does n't understand the concept he might not be able to modify his beahviour has the example of the computer machine , because without understanding behaviour modification will not occur .
You can learn from you errors and mistakes , a teacher can correct you if you are doing something wrong , people can learn from their own mistakes , but if they keep on replicating what everyonelse is doing and repeat what the manager or the boss says they will always be stucked in their original , let 's say `` behaviour '' no behaviour modification will occur , thus preventing them to emerge and to become powerful or to express and sell their own ideas .
At the turn of the century , there was a common view that there would be fewer cars in use in a quarter of a century time , which is in twenty years from now .
And I still today do not share that view .
But , why should the public think the number of cars should decrease over the years is the question I will answer so as to justify my disagreeing with the above statement .

Let me first evoke the several grounds people resort to when argueing for a prospective slump in the numbers of cars on the streets .
Increasing concern for the environment coupled with the skyrocketing oil prices seem to push for a general decrease in car onwership .
From where I stand , the necessary adjusments will be made so that car ownership stays stable or in the increase , because we should not forget that the survival of a whole industrial branch - the automobile industry - is here at stake , and this sector is ready to adapt to new trends and new requirements from the general public .

First , research & development is a field where massive investment currently takes place .
Auto makers would not develop such extensive research with no prospects for future sales and no return on investment ( ROI ) .
For example , Toyota is investing a lot so as to come up with ever more ecologically-friendly vehicles .
Plants and labs in India have already combined efforts and launched the Toyota Prius , a city car that pride itself in being eco-friendly .
This is direclty targeted at the market which is conscious about the enviromnent , the eco-friendly share of the population , which cares for ethics and is scrupulous about social responsibility .

Second , the lack of time and parking space have been two major factors for the redirecting of car owners onto public transportation and bicycles , moppeds etc .
But public transportation has its disadvantages ( overcrowded ) , so do bicycles and motorcycles ( hazardous on slippery roads , frequent accidents , uneasy in winter conditions ) .
Therefore , auto makers have tried to answer that growing need for small cars that enable you to virtually park on any parking spots at almost any time .
To support that point , the Smart car by Mercedes , provides its drivers with the opportunity of parking horizontally to the curve , where no regular size vehicles normally could .

Last but not least , the increase in the cost of running a vehicle .
Since 9/11 , the price of the oil barrel has increased three-fold .
This means that filling your tank has become a burden on family budget and could turn out to make people refrain from using their car .
To counter that factor , innovative solutions are found : Brasilians now run their can on sugar cane and sunflower oil .
Resorting to methanol has been a solution studied by German automakers .
It would drastically reduce the cost .
Hybrid cars with their fuel-efficiency have started to penetrate the market and seduce the expense-sensible families .

In the end , it is easy to witness how the market is currently trying to adapt itself to changing trends and growing concerns that may threaten the auto market .
By successfully adaptating itself today , the automobile industry is securing its future .
I believe that younger people enjoy life more than the older people do .
Young ones have nothing to worry about and they always remain close to their parents , pals and obviously cartoons which keep them happier .
The older people have much more things to make their life enjoyable but the kind of enjoyment young one takes , its just cant be compared

Firstly , they dont have any sort of tension in their life as the older ones have .
It 's a very wise saying that , `` Life is too short buddy , dont spend the time of your life in worries '' .
Older ones have responsibility towards their family , their job , their society which makes their life somewhat miserable and full of worries as compared to the young ones .
Many philosophers also have supported the view that children are the most innocent species on the earth .
So , obviously being innocent and without worry may be sounds impractical to an older man but in reality this is the main reason behind being happy

The family and friends of a child act as an agent of socialisation teaching them the difference between the good and the bad .
These agents of socialisation always put them in such a domain where the child will always prosper .
They bring every thing for the child that is necessary for his goodwill and for leading toward a bright future .
Friends are also play a big role in developing a childrens life which makes their life enjoyable

Thirdly , they can do the things in their future what the older people do , for instance , going to a club or mountain trekking or having a girlfriend .
But the older people cant have the type of fun the young ones have as they cant switch back to their past .
We heard many times older people saying , `` Wish i would be young again '' and many songs too by famous artists .

Thus , family , friends and all of the agents of socialisation having around the children to keep take care of them , children dont have the thing called worries .
And if they have , then Santacluase always present around them to make them happy
When we talk about traveling a lot of things comes to our mind like prices , places to visit , time to expend in such place and if is good to be led by a tour guide or not .
I think the best way to travel is by oneself , without a tour guide .
There are many reasons that support my idea .
For example oneself could visit other places not offered in the tour , design their own schedule , and skip non interesting places .

In a tour the guide take their group of tourists to an especific place , already planned by the travel agency .
In contrast , without a tour guide oneself could go wherever he/she want .
For instance , I traveled to Toronto and I found interesting travel to places by myself .
I had the chance to talk to people from the city and ask them the best places to visit from their point of view , they know better than tour guides .

In a planned tour , the tourist have an schedule to follow .
I prefer to plan my own schedule , according to my interest and necesities .
For example , what if I want to go and relax all day on the beach .
If I have the chance to elaborate my schedule .
I can adjust my plans to visit other places in order to get what I want .

Finally , some tour agencies have tour plans to visit places that are important to certain type of people .
I went to visit Florida for my vacations and I had bad luck because I traveled with a group of old people .
They were not interested in visit places like Busch Gardens or exiting theme parks like Universal Studios .
They just wanted to stay at the beach , or go to quiet places .
If I would traveled by myself without a tour guide , I would visited theme parks with those exiting roller coaster , or visited beaches full of young women .

In general , I consider a better option to travel without a tour guide .
The experience is more exiting and suit to oneself interest .
Therefore , oneself could visit places interesting for the person instead of places interesting for the tour agency , create their own schedule and skip `` boring '' places to other more interesting .
While it is true that some people prefer not to take risks and experiment new things , someother believe that only those who dare exploring the unknown and continously improving themselves can acheive `` success '' .
I think that the successful people are required to try new things and take risk , because their knowledge may get outdated in a short time .

Let 's take the example of fashion .
Fashion is continously shifting and it is always changing according to the mass requests .
If a successful stylist would persist producing the same kind of products after a fashion shift , he would bankrupt in no time as noone would be interested .

Other cases of successul people can be scientist : what would be of humanity if scientist did n't make their experiment or tried unbelievable theories ?
The whole science is a always-changing subjuct as modern science differs heavily from just 50 years ago science .
In this very field we have great names such as Heinstein who carried out his experiment of the relativity in phisics , or Bell who could invent the phone only by trying different hypothesis in the radiowaves sector .

One of the most striking example is the technology field , especially the computer evolution : computers power doubles every 18 months , and the software is always more and more hungry of resources .
Would you consider possible some of the great mathematics achievement , or , on the other hand , some befautiful 3D film , without the growing calcolus power of the computer , obtained by continued research ?
In this field as well we can hear very big names , like Bill Gates , Steve Jobbs or Linus Torvalds , who were enabled to provide us with their great operating systems ( Microsoft Windows , Apple MacOs X and Linux ) only by going against what they already knew and trying hard new solutions .

In conclusion , the key for success is obtainable only by hard work in experimenting new theories and only by will to continue renewing oneself 's knowledge .
Have you ever seen the stars while you were in Paris or New York ?
The pollution cloud does not leave `` their '' sky .
It is especially due to the cars in use .
It is said that : `` In twenty years there will be fewer cqrs in use than there are today '' .
Can we be so optimistic ?

First , I will focus on the problems linked with those cars .
Then , I will explain why I think twenty years is not sufficient for seeing a decrease of cars in use .

The cars in use polluate our earth , our cities .
This pollution threaten the health of humans , and so ; e of them begin to wear a mask to protect themselves .
There are other sources of pollution , but in the cities where we live , this one is the most important .

Moreover , cars use a lot of petrol , and we know that this material is becoming seldom and is becoming very expensive .
How could we live in fifty years if there is no petrol left because we used everything ?

That is the reason why , we have to reduce the number of cars in use .
All the countries are aware of that , but the policies to develop new energies and restrain cars in use are to shy .
Indeed , in France for instance , cities try to develop the common transports .
Once during the year , the inhabitants of Paris are demanded to use other means of transport .
However , it still being small initiatives and I do not know anyone who is ready to abandon his car , because he is not obliged to do so and policies are too shy .
It does not seem to be a priority of our society .

Finally , population in the world is growing , the number of people who will use a car is growing too .
Besides , a lot of countries become richer in Asia , South America ...
We can think their population will be able to buy cars too .

To conclude , to see the number of cars in use decrease , it will take more than twenty years .
I disagree with the statements .
The world will restrain this fact when it will be obliged to do so .
Maybe it will be t
I do not agree the statement .
Travelling in a group led by a guide may seem to make your trip more comfortable , as the whole intinery has been planned for you .
You only need to follow the lead and ` woo and wow ' over the spectacular sights .
But this may lose the whole point of travelling to a foreign country in the first place : You want to enjoy yourself in a place that you have never been before , therefore you travel .

The first thing that you will miss out when travelling in a group tour is the planning of your own trip .
You may be forced to go to places that you are not interested in , or even threatened to shop in a particular place .
As happened recently in Hong Kong , a Mainland China tour group was abandoned by their tour guide because they were not willing to buy anything from a designated shop .
This may only be an extreme case , but you cannot deny that you will only be able to see the famous tourist sights and nothing more if you go on a tour .
Yet , if you go on your own , you can go to all sorts of bizarre places that you may want to go , and not have to crowd with all the other tourists in the so-called ' tourist spots ' , which may not be appealing to you at all .

Some people may be afraid to get lost if they go to a totally strange place on their own .
But I say that is part of the thrill and fun of travelling to a foreign place .
You could find your own way out , and maybe find an exciting place that you did n't even know about before .
Or you could always ask the locals for directions , possibly developing a friendship with them .
Travelling on your own allows you to have more interaction with the place and the people .
When I travelled to Thailand on my own , while tourists were eating bland food in a ` high-end restaurant ' , I was eating delicious local food andchatting away happily with the locals at one of the market stalls .
Language is not a problem ; you will learn how to communicate fluently in a mix of oral and body languages in no time .
See ?
Another benefit of travelling on your own .

On the whole , the main point of travelling is to seek pleasure in a place beyond your own home .
If you cannot fully experience the place , then why waste money and time to go on a trip ?
There are several advantages as well as disadvantages of whether an individual posseses a broad knowledge of many acadamic subjects or merely one specific field of study .
To my mind it is necessary and helpful to gain , at least to some extent , a bit of each of this two opposing kinds of knowledge .

Firstly , it can be said that specializing in a certain subject is definitely very helpful with regard to one 's future career .
If a person has accumulated a lot of knowlegde about one topic in a very detailed way it enables him to work very effectively in that area .
Having a lot of knowledge usually also implies a lot of abilities one is able to perform in a suitable job position .
Furthermore , with a lot of detailed knowledge one could contribute to the advance of the studied field in various ways .
For instance , somewho who has studied the development of one specific topic of research such as group processes , is able to use his knowledge to actually design new experiments which might change the current point of researching concerning that area .
This would definitely push one 's career towards greater success or maybe even fame .

In contrast to that , a broad knowledge of many acadamic subjects also has some benefits to offer .
It implies that one does know about a large variety of topics in a general manner .
This variety not only broadens your horizon , but it also offers you new perspectives and gives you insight into maybe even quite contrasting topics .
Whenever you need to apply or know about one specific subject in a more detailed way , you can still do that and just enlarge your former information .

However , to my mind , neither of the two ways of knowledge taken on their own are appropriate and suffiencent enough .
The ideal solution would be a combination of the two : A great amount of specialized knowledge which qualifies one for a job position on a high level ; and some broad knowledge about a variety of topics and issues .

To conclude this would enable each type of knowledge to benefit from the other and give the individa
The statement `` Successful people try new things and take riks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' in my opinion clearly illustrates the main reason why people become successful after all .

I think that it is obvious that successful people are people that stick out of society and out of the establishment , not only because of their success but also because of new inventions or techniques used by them .
Certainly , successful people are people who do not do things the way everyone does them , just in order to be different from everyone else .
A successful manager for example has to find new ways to improve his business , his finances and to motivate his coworkers to really change something .

The concept of change is crucial in this discussion , because as I am convinced success always has to do with change .
Many times this change is not positive at the beginning because it hurts to change something that has proved it 's usefulness and value for a person , a business or a company .
Change can be slow at the beginning and sometimes may be proved wrong , but in the majority of the cases , change is the key to success .
Therefore , I think it goes without say why successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing things they are good at .

Another point that supports the statement derives from the psycological area .
People who are successful are happy and selfcontent , at least in most cases .
If someone feels good about the things he or she does , and in addition to that feels good about him - or herself , it is easier to try out something new and challenging .
Self-esteam helps you to realise the things you want to do and the things you are dreaming of , even though they may seem new and risky .
A person who is always aware of his failures and negative traits is not even willing to try something new thanks to the fear of failing again .
Successful people on the other hand are not that likely to be put down if something does not work out as they planned it to be .

One last point I 'd like to mention in order to conclude this essay is the human hunger for power .
Once you have achieved something , even such a non-material thing as success , you do n't want it to be lost .
You probably would do nearly everything , including taking small risks and trying out new things , to maintain the standard .
I disagree with the statement that argues most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I think most people are mislead by few aggressive opinions and blaming advertisements for wrong reasons .

However , I admit that there are some advertisements , especially in food , hotels and restaurants , that try to make false impression on consumers by adding colors or increasing the volume or showing pictures of long time ago .
But in most cases , I think most advertisement are honest about their products .
Especially thanks to the arising public awareness , companies are being more careful to be truthful and honest when communicating to consumers through advertisements .

The main purpose of advertisement is to make people want to consume or buy a product or service .
In order to do that , advertisement focuses on getting attention to draw interest from consumers .
That is why they use famous actors and actresses or flashy visuals or loud and upbeat music .
But that does not have anything to do with making the product or service look better at all .
If a pair of clothes looks better when it 's put on by famous actress in an advertisement than by yourself , it is only your imagination that it looks better in the ad .
These effects make people feel happy or imagine something fun which lead them to think that the product looks good or beautiful .
But it is important to be aware that it is not because they did something to the product .
Advertisements are only adding context to the product to let the people imagine something fun or beautiful and have that imagination relate to the product .
When people watch or see advertisement , they should be aware of this effect to protect themselves from false impression caused by their own imagination .

In addition to that , partly due to regulation , there are advertisements which describe not only the strength and benefit but also risk and weakness associated with the products such as prescription drugs .
It seems contradictory to the main purpose of advertisement but in the end , honest communication should be paid off by trust and loyalty from consumers .
I think the importance of honest communication between company and consumer are being recognized in the corporate world .
In the era of science and technology , the people generally pay more attention to short path for learning rather than long path such as deep understanding of ideas and concepts .
Everyone has different perspective of education .
So , when I am thinking by considering all the points , I conclude that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts .
I hold several reasons derived from my personal experience for holding this opinion .

First , more emphases should be placed on the way in which the ideas are derived .
This is possible only if person understands ideas and concept .
For instance , if I dont know Newtons Law of Motion , i am not able to establish a stucture of steamer .
And evenif I have structeured it would be captivated soon , because of misdesign .
So , just learning facts how to manufacture the steamer does n't ensure me the effective working of it .

Moreover , for innovations understanding of ideas and concepts is necessary .
Most of the investigations concur with the fact that understanding of concept lead to development of facts .
For example , understanding of the mechanism of action of a drug on receptor , derives the fact wheather the drug will have side effects or not .

It is impossible for any psychologist to deny the fact that learning fact is short term memory , while understaning the same thing is long term memory .
So , understanding will not limit your knowledge till writing a test , but throughout your life time .
Eventually , this knowledge can be utilised in constuctive and innovative way .
For example , when i was little , my teacher told me to understand ideas of cell biology .
On that platform , ultimately I developed a model showing different physicochemical reactions occuring in the cell .

In summary , I found that , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concept , because some of the many advantages of understanding ideas and concepts include long term memory , basic manufacturing sence and innovative ideas which creat a fact .
The statement is `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .
I partially agree with the above statement .
I would like to quote sevaral reasons in support of my stance .
The following essay will justify my stance .

Firstly , i would like to say that there may be decrease in number of cars that are using today because of increase in the Traffic in each and every city .
For example , consider a city where it has many more number of cars than its actual capacity of roads .
This situation will lead to frequent and severe Traffic jams .
No person will be able to reach th dstination in time .
The people will get frustrated with this and they naturally prefer other types on conveyence like mass conveyence system which includes trains , buses and aircrafts .

Also , consider a situation where a city is highly polluted , which also results in decrease of number of cars after twenty years .
For example consider a place where it is vastly polluted .
The levels of sevaral chemicals like Co2 , hydrogen have fairly raised up than their normal levels .
The gas that is ejected from the cars is also a reason for this .
This results in decrease of number of cars .

Next , consider a situation of accidents .
These accidents are very common in each and every place in the world .
For example consider a situation where a firm will be providing safer means of transportation .
Mass conveyence systems like trains , buses , aircrafts are safer than cars .
this is also a situation where there will decrase in the numbr of cars in the future .

Finally , consider a situation wherethe devolopement of this mass conveyence is fast .
This will lead to important things like safer journey , reaching to the place safely , low fairs .
Many people does n't want than this .
So , there will be decrease in the number of cars in the future than they are used today .

In conclusion i would like to say that as there are both sides of a coin consider a situtation where in the economic status of the country is increased and each and every person prefer to purchase a car .
This is possible becuase people in many countries believe that purchasing a car increases their economic status .
so there is also a chance that cars may be increased in the future after twenty years .

This is my stance on the following essay .
`` The younger generation just dont listen and pay gratitude towards community '' .
This is the statement I very often listen from my grandfather .
Have the younger generation actually become so selfish and preoccupied in their own world that they do n't even have time for their own people ?
Being a young man myself , I feel that it is shameful , but true .

With the advent of technology , the world has become fast paced .
Everybody is short of time is always busy with worldly matters .
The greatest impact of this is seen in the younger generation .
Younger generation are called the future of a nation .
They constitute that section of the society which is very vibrant and full of energy .
At the same time they are also immature and tend to get influenced by external forces , the most .
So , they tend to get distracted to a number of activities around them .
So getting attracted to Rock music , going to concerts is natural .

But let me pose a question to all the youngsters - Have you ever gone to do community services - like helping old people , helping out orphans , or planting trees ?
I bet the answer to my question would be a unanimous `` No '' .

Futhermore , youngsters nowadays are excessively involved in partying with friends or playing online computer games that these type of community activities have the least priority on their list .
Infact , these are sometimes considered to be boring and the `` Older people 's job '' .

The young people need to realise this fact that it is due to a mutual interaction between an individual and his community that an individual develops .
So , the individual requires to take care of his community .

But , Is it that it is solely the younger generation responsible for this apathy .
I think there is some other aspect to this discussion as well .
This is based on what I have seen in my college .
There is a small percentage of youngsters who are interested in doing good for the community , but due to the excessive pressure of the parents to excel in the exams , loads of courses that we are required to complete and excessive competition , these students are unable to do anything concrete .
Who is responsible for this the youngsters or the elders ?
It is pretty clear , the authorities have to think on these lines if serving the community is a matter of concern .
For example , the college authorities can float a compulsory course in Community Service .
So , in a way this course will motivate other student as well as let the already interested students to participate .

In conclusion , the younger generation need to realize that it is their responsibility to help the community because it is only bcause of this community that they would flourish in the future .
They need to understand that if they help the community the community would surely pay them back in a good way .
The thesis that young people enjoy life more than older people do is a quite generalized statement , which requires to be examined .

Firstly it is important to point out which things are required to enjoy a human 's life .
To my mind even this question cannot be anwered in an objective way because most requirements differ from human to human .
When we take a look at the example of having or earning a lot of money even there are differences among the people .
For one person it is very important to have a well-paid job for another it is not .
In addition to that the opinions about what is a well-paid job or what is a lot of money are quite different .
But let us have a look at the example of being healthy .
Maybe it can be stated that a good health is an universal requirement to enjoy life .
To my mind there is nearly a unity in the opinions of people about the importance of health to have fun in life .
Despite of the fact that it cannot be generally stated what good health is and when somebody is ill or not let me use health as an example for a general requirement to enjoy life .

Based on this assumption it is difficult to say that young people enjoy life more than older people do because all people at any age can have fun in their lives in relation to their physical abilities .
Maybe it is not possible for an old grandfather to be the fastest in a 100-meter-run , but instead of this he can do a lot of other things like going on a long journey or writing books or essays .
A lot of young people do not have enough time to enjoy these things .
On the other hand an older person is limited in his actions by his physical abilities ( see the example of the 100-meter-run ) .
But this can also happen to a disabled young person who is not able to walk .

All in all I must say that it is not correct to claim that young people enjoy life more than older people do , because there are so many differences among all people .
I think it 's more important for students to understand ideas and concepts instead of learning facts .
First of all if you want to understand ideas and concepts you have to do a lot of research .
For example Galileo Galilei had do a lot of research before he understood that the earth is not flat and is instead a ball .
It took him about twenty years .
For normal students to understand some physic problems , we have to do also a lot of research in our book or on the internet .
If you start doing research it gives you the opportunity do think about the idea and learn something about it .

Another reason why I think it 's more important to understand ideas then fact is , that fact sometimes sem really clear .
We know for a fact that Adolf Hitler killed himself .
If you would study the facts you woul study only his dead .
Instead if you are studyieng ideas and concepts , you will learn why he killed himself and why he all did this .
For me a fact is something short wich we do n't have to study , but an idea or a concept is something big you need to do some research on .

Finally , if you are learning to understand the idea and concept you can use your studies in live .
If you studied the idea how a car is working you can work at a carshop and repair cars , but if you only learnend the fact that cars have a motor you will be not able to build a car .

When you study to understand ideas and concepts you learn way more about life , then if you just study facts .
Facts do n't give the background were you can ask `` why '' .
A fact is a fact and nothing changes about that , but you can discuss about an idea or concept .
I disagree with the statement which is the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I will disscus and give the reason as follows .

First of all , travelling in a group led by a tour guide makes you not to think .
I personally think the travelling would be more fun and interesting if I make my own plan .
If I travel in a group led by a tour guide , I end up just chatting with people and following a tour guide .
After that kind of travel , I would not remember anything .
For example , when I was in middle school and high school , I went to school trip led by a tour guide .
Even though the place I went was Kyoto which is most beautiful city in Japan and they have most valuable and interesting temples , nothing really remein in my mind after the trip because I was just part of the group and following a tour guide without thinking .
I think I wasted great opportunity by doing that .

Second , hiring tour guides cost more money .
I rather spend same amount of money on eating well during my travel instead of hiring a tour guide .
If I could get most of the information tour guides provide by reading travel guide or searching on internet , I do not think it worth to pay that much money for a tour guide .
Especially , now a days , because of the development of the internet , we could easily find information in free .

Third , travel in a group with tour guide makes trip too touristic .
Most of the tour guide only take people to the major spot and suvenior shop they have commitment .
But there are more things we could see besides those sightseeing spots .
For example , when I traveled to New York first time , I was not led by a tour guide , but eventually , I get to visit not only most of the major spot but also happened to discover a lot of interesting spot none of the tour guide would take people to .

In conclusion , I disagree with the statement the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
My favorite way to travel is either with family of close friends , and make our own plan .
It gives me more fun and opportunity for learning and experience .
I agree wit the presented statement .
The express purpose of advertisement is to induce a change in consumer behavior towards favoring the product presented .
Most advertisement arises from the need to create Product Differentiation - a process by which products that are in essence the same ( for example , two hamburgers , both are made of bread , meat , cheese , etc ... )
are presented to consumers as different ( Wendy 's , McDonald 's , Burger King , etc ... ) .

Product Differentiation is necessary in markets rueld by monopolistic competiton : several but not infinate suppliers , demand is not the only determinant of price .
In order to charge a higher price , a given supplier has to modify his product in the eyes of a customer : in comes advertisement .
Soda manufacturers have developed many brands ( Coke vs. Pepsi ) , small modifications on existing brands ( Coke with Cherry , etc ... )
and have to keep advertising to create the impression on customers that a branded product is different from , say , Walgreens-brand cola , and pharmaceutical companies have to convince customers that Advil is superior to generic ibuprophen .
By its very essence , product differentiation has to make a product appear better than the competition , desite the fact that they are the same .

Beyond product differentiatiob , advertisement is used to introduce new products .
New products have to overcome consumer 's initial guarding against the unknown using techniques such as celebritiy sponsors , or displaying other costumers satisfied with the product ( or wearing the product with a smile ) .
The implied message is , you will be like a celebrity or you will have the same smile or be as satisified as the portrayed individual .
This in essence makes the product seem better than it really is : there is no way a given product by itself can guarantee my satisfaction , as I have to provide a response , determined by my own notion of satisfaction .
Part of the purpose of advertisment is to modify this notion .

Advertisement is also prone to `` reporter bias '' , that is , only good or positive results and characteristics are advertised and negative or unfavorable results are of course hidden .
If the battery life is poor , no mention is made of battery life .
For well known health hazards , warnings have been introduced to the advertisement , which is an admission of the fact that the product is being portrayed as beneficial ( Marlboro can attract women , according to commercials , but of course can lead to cancer ) .

Now , a product can be advertised in a way that is more honest an up-front with the cusatomer .
Usually , this only happens when this is required by law ( for example , drugs ) .
However , the very nature of advertisement leads to down-playing the importance of these apparent flaws .
In all drugs commercials , mention of side effects comes well at the end of the commercial , are of course spoken over a powerful image of a satisfiedsenior playing with his grandchildren , and spoken quickly and in a soft tone of voice .
The underlying message : yes , drowsiness , but who cares when you can play with your grandkids ?
Most people would tend to consider that youth is the best part of life .
Unlike them , I think that the older days are often much more enjoyed than the `` golden age '' of youth , which always runs to fast .
As we become older , we learn to become more aware of our environment and our being so that we can tste bbetter the flavour of life .

The main advantage that older people have on younger ones is maturity .
With a proper education , one learns to see and enjoy things that young people would no even notice .
Most children do not understand why the elderly take so many time in their garden takin care of flowers which may not be there the following year .
When one gets mature , he or she also learn a lot about himself or herself , so that they know how to control their feelings and thus , they manage to earn more freedom as they handle their unconscious reactions .

The second reason why old people enjoy life more than younger people is that they run out of time .
Since they have became more mature , they are aware that their lives will not last long .
Not only is each day become more and more special with the passage and time , but they also know they cannot do everything they would like to in this limited time , so that older people may try to have as many of their dreams as possible come true .
As a matter of fact older people have nothing to lose anymore , so that they can do incredible things .

When getting older , people realise the vanity of their childhood 's illusions .
They can therefore focus on meaningful matters , compared to which a child 's dream may look as a waste of time .
Older people enjoy the real life , whereas children often enjoy illusions .
This has always been a controversial and complex question .
As we do not hve a clear boarderline for the words '' young '' and `` old '' , it is complicated to judge this matter .
In my oppinion , I think it depends .

Different people have different point of views of life .
That is the most curcial reason why I think it depends .
We can not simplily decide which enjoys better .
To illustrate , when I was little , I used to live near the coast , my grandmother often take me to the beach and tell me about her life and things she felt happy about .
I can feel the love and pure joy .
We had a great time .
I can tell from my feelings and her smiles that we are all enjoying our life at that moment .
We can feel the joy and happiness from the bottom of our hearts .
I do not think I can tell the difference between our joyfull giggles .
Thus , I can not tell who enjoys life more .

We face various situations everyday .
How we feel about these eveyday problems effects our feelings towards life .
As some of the old peoples have come across many hardtimes their whole life , they seem to look blue everyday .
Some complains about the community frequently , the others often sit together and gossip about other people 's business .
They never look satisfied and always feel dull .
To me , I do not think they enjoy their life .
They do not seem to understand the meaning of life -- to be confident and always believe that tomorrow is another day .
When ever I see a little joyful kid passing by a old lady with unsatisfiction in her eyes , I constantly believe that in some case , youth enjoy life more than eld .

On the contray .
Nowdays thousands and thousands of youth are addicted to the internet , durgs , and all kinds of harmful things like that .
They think they are estactic when they are doing the wrong things .
Are they enjoying life as they think they are ?
I believe the answer is I strongely oppose .
Comparing with the laughs we heard when an old couple celebrating their 60 anniversary , I think some young people should something from them .

Thus , I think it depends .
HELP OTHERS TO HELP YOUR NATION

In the present day world where technology is advancing at such a high rate and where the economy is booming , it seems that the world has somewhere lost the meaning of helping others .
The present youth is more actively involved in making fast money in order to enjoy a life filled with luxuries .
People have indeed become more selfish and self-centered and do not think twice abt taking out some time from their lives to help their communities or the underpriviliged .

I am indeed very ashamed to admit that the youth of the present generation does not involve itself in any social or charitable work .
The youth needs to tighten their buckle and needs to start acting upon this grave matter .
It is often seen that the youth filled with its raw and uninhibited passion and spirit is able to change the world and make a noticeable difference .
The youth has indeed forgotten its responsibilities and duties .
I would like to expalin the above by illustrating the fact that many youngsters spend whopping amounts of money on celebrating their birthdays and other occasions .
What i would like the youth is to spend some time with their grandparents and elderly relatives or do some type of charitable work on their date of birth if they find it too taxing to do it on a regular basis .
In doing so , they indirectly play a very imprtantrole in shaping a healthy and ultimately a prosperous nation .
Setting up awareness camps in rural or underdeveloped areas canhelpspread awareness about various diseases and the like .
Such efforts can induce people to be more cautious about their health-and being healthy can ensure a better chance of survival .

The youth can help its communities in every effort they put in .
For example , recently my elder sister organised a blood donation camp and a rally to spread awareness about female foetacide on the eve of Gandhi Jayanti .
Her heartfelt efforts attracted many students and even faculty memebers of her college .
All of them took part very passionately and indeed helped spread awareness in our small town .
Similarly .
i feel very strongly that the youth needs to take varoius steps in this particular direction so that it can improve the standard of living of their communities and help work towards a more prosperous AND DEVELOPED NATION
Being a successful person is not possible for most of us .
There are only small amount of people that are shown as successful in their lives .
According to the authorities , the most efficient strategy of becoming a successful people is experiencing new thing in our lives .
However most of the people do not agree with this idea .
They show experiencing the same things that we always do , as a more suitable way of becoming successful .
I think the first opinion is more effective than the second one because of lots of important reasons .
The most important ones of these reasons are orginality , creativity and expanded experience .

First of all , trying new things gives us the chance of being original .
If we continue only making the same things , we lose our opportunity of becoming the leader of an experince .
We can not show our difference from the others and become an ordinary one .

Secondly , experiencing new things and taking risks make us more creative people .
For most of the scientists , creativity is the basic skill of a successful person .
By this way , we find the chance of using our imagination and creating new things .

Moreover , having an expended knowledge is anther characteristic of a successsful person .
New activities expand our basic knowledge and make us well qualified persons .
Near these , they make us more enthusiastic about new activities and encourage us to try our own plans .
we can make true our plans .

In conclusion , we can say that trying new things and taking risks are fundamental activities for becoming a successful person .
Because these activities give us the opportunity to supply our originality and creativity and also to expand our knowledge , these activities seem as neccessities for becoming a succcessful person .
if we really want it we can achieve to become a successful one .
There are many ways to travel around the world , by group , individually , in a family , with a tour guide , friends or even by yourself .
First , traveling in a group might be good if you know the people you are traveling with .
A tour guide might be good if you are to lazy to learn and adventure yourself .
If you travel you have to be open minded to face new experinces .
Traveling to another country or a new place is not going to be exciting unless it becomes challenging and fun .
The only way to step on those emotions is guiding yourself , otherwise if you are gonna take a tour guide better stay home and buy a book of the place you desire to go , as well traveling in a group is more a waste of time .

Secondly , a tour guide will only show you what he things is important , or whatever he believes that is interesting from his point of view .
Therefore , if you want to really learn of the place you must do it by yourself and probably with a partner to have a safe trip .
In fact , as a tourist you migth miss some important details of the place , but as well from everysingle place is visited you will be more likely to be able to depicted to others because you had to figure out everything by yourself .
Unforgettable experiences are those experinces where our mind was working in its maximum .

In addition , traveling in a group is not the best idea because usually they travel in lower pace nad because of the quantity of people together is not comfortable to go to small places , where it is already overcrowded .
Traveling individually gives you more flexibility in your schedule .
Time is gold and what you with in during your travel is very important .
For example if you go to Louvre in a group you might have to wait 8 hrs .
to get in .
Instead if you figure out that late night you only have to wait 20 min. you are more likely to go around Paris and enjoy your day and then go to the Louvre , other than stick to the group and waste your time .

In conclusion , traveling alone is more fun and useful than in a group with a tour guide .
Life is about learning and taking adventures .
You want to live , so travel and have fun , but if you do n't better buy a book and stay home or waste your time traveling in a group with a useless tour guide .
Some might argue that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than understanding facts .
I think this statement can be true in some way , but I definitely reject it and for the following reasons .

Although it is easy to support the theory that students tend to be fascinated by and thus learn ideas better than facts and give them more importance , this can be argueable .
Literature or philosophy , which are basically based on the study of ideas , ideologies , theories , are usually easier to study and even more pleasant than , for example , solving chemical forms .
They imply less effort and abstract concepts can be seen as more essential in an education than numbers or facts .

However , subjects as literature , philosophy , history , can be on one side as difficult as scientific subjects and on the other side often have to be supported by facts .
Firstly , ideas , for the reason that their substance is based on abstraction , can be very hard to formulate , share and understand .
Many philosophies , like kantism , are based on notions of knowledge that are mainly intuitional and cannot be understood neither by an experienced and open mind , thus it can be hard to consider more solid and important than facts .
Secondly , facts are ideas and viceversa .
As Popper stated , facts do not exist before ideas because it is the idea that brings the mind to explore the fact .
Also , many ideas have to be supported by numbers to be valid and feasible , i.e. economic theories or political statements usually rely on statistical data and methods .

In conclusion , I would say that the statement is a half truth and could be completed saying that ideas and facts are essential elements in every mindset in any study area , depending on each other and sharing the same importance .
Students are usally enough flexible to appreciate both ideas and facts , as many old thinkers and philosophers , who were at the same time mathematics and philosophy scholars .
Understanding is the most important way of learning

I would say that understanding the ideas and concepts is more important for students than to learn facts .
In maths , understanding the ideas and concepts is the only way of passing a test successfully , because there are only a few facts that could be learned .
You have to now how to add 2 to 2 in order to get the right solution .
Because only knowing the solution to be 4 does not help you with adding 145 to 589 .

Another example is an interpretation of a text .
The student has to know how to do the task .
He has to analyse the text concerning rhetorical devices and theories of communication in order to get a good mark .
The knowledge of an metaphora in a special line does not help him to compare it to the epoch or characteristics of the protagonist .

In general , facts concern a special problem or situation , like in history .
One example for a fact is the existing of a monarchy in Germanz until the 20th century .
But the concept of a former German monarchy is similar to a former French one .
Only when you know what ideas and concepts are about you are able to compare them to another similar situation or use them on another subject .
And usually the knowledge of development and their reason are more important than the dates alone .

When scientists are searching for a problem , they compare the aspects they know to the facts they discover , but to understand how a process works , thez need ideas and concepts .

Despite the fact that students must learn concepts and ideas to succeed in tests , they should not neglect facts , as well .
Every thesis needs a backround of facts , which prove that the ideas ans concepts are correct and useful .
To summerize the idea I have to state that the understanding of the ideas and facts is more important than the knowledge of facts .
But any idea would exist without facts , so the second question in a test will be about specific examples .
Travelling is only fun when I have the freedom to do whatever I want .
So I disagree with a statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .
Travelling in a group with a tour guide poses problems like following a schedule and following suit .

First and foremost , I travel to visit and experience places first hand to visualize beauty in my own way .
A tour guide will not only force me to view the sites through his eyes but also hinder my experience and impose other unnecessary constaints like time and schedule requirements .
The tour guide will be barking orders and giving all sorts of information that I will hear from one ear and forget it from the other .
I would like to take my own time when watching the breathtaking Niagara Falls or the mind-blowing Egyptian Spinx .

Group travelling will force me to do the same activities others are doing and so , will not allow me some time on my own .
I would be very disturbed with my loss of command over myself .
I would like to be my own boss and do things my own way .
Just because 10 people want to visit the Eiffel Tower for the second time does n't mean that I would waste my oppurtunity to appreciate the Romantic art at the Louvre .
I am just one of those people who love working and doing stuff outside a group .

In conclusion , a travelling group with a tour guide is a bad choice according to me .
I would lose my independence of thoughts and my control of choices .
I would rather voyage in peace and serenity without all the fuss of a group .
To choose between having knowledge of many academic sujects or to specialize in one specific subject is difficult due to the fact that it opposes two different way to deal with its academic background .

On the one hand , many people think that it is smarter to focus only on one sole field of study since one will soon become a specialist who can have more job opportunities .

On the other hand , it is also true that having a broader knowledge of many academics can provide a broader job spectrum as well .
Personally speaking , the fact remains that it is far better to study several academic subjects in oder to be able to choose in which one really wants to be specialized in .

The first reason I believe that is that people entering college are mostly too young to know precisely what they will wish to do when they will be adults .
Having the possibility to have a glance on several academic fieds can help help them to sharpened their conviction and personallity in order they can choose what area they prefer the most .

Onother way to justify my point of view is that for personal matters it is better to have the larger possible view on the world .
As a matter of fact , if one wants to try to understand its own life and the world around , the best way is to know a piece of everything rather than to know precisely one thing , which would be to much narrow minded .

In conclusion , my strong conviction is that it is better to keep a broad knowledge as long as it remains possible before specializing in one specific field .
In my opinion , the US school system that provides the choice of one major but also the possibily to discover many other fields of knowledge that can be very different is a very interesting and accurate way to deal with this topic .
If I may , I would call it a win-win situation .
Over the time , technology has always tend to improve .
It is human nature to improve and become better .
Even the greeks believed that ; As an example , Chronos , cut his father Uranus genitals ; the son would always defeat his father in some sort of way .

Cars present to society as an issue to be discussed .
In fact , cars have been discussed already and are changing as I am writing .
Different asian companies such as Honda , or Nissan have already developed a hybrid car .
This car is based on a mixture of electric power and fossil fuel or commonly known as gas .
This only represents a change along the car product and not just on the industry as a whole .
However , this represents the beginning of the cars death .

Technology has changed massively over time .
Type writters have been replaced by computers , in a matter of 30 years .
Computers would also be replaced in some sort of way in the future .
Cars would also be replaced by different methods of transportation that are more friendly to our globe .
The earth is everyones house and therefore it must be clean and taken care of .
Cars represent a threat for this and therefore they will dissapear .
It is only a matter of time .

People are starting to be more concerned about the enviroment .
Finally some common sense is shown by the population of the world when a newspaper showed that the ozone layer had increased its area over the last year .
This news would follow the partial abolishement of cars as a way of transportation .
Countries like Switzerland , using electric buses show concerns about it .
Cars however , would not be able to dissapear totally .
There would always be someone who would have a car .
However , the rate of cars per country would massively decrease during the next 20 years .
Again the companies stated above are already thinking about diversification and even massive producers of cars such as Ford or General Motors are making huge amounts of losses for this last quartiles .

It should therefore be concluded , that it is only a matter of time for cars to decrease in number .
The enviroment would finally take over car pollution over the next years .
Countries would also agree and help citizens improving methods of transportation and new companies would come out with new goods that would substitute cars .
`` Better skin starts now ! ''
Catchy phrases like this are banal for the average consumer today .
Newspapers , television commercials , magazines , radio , billboards - all offer a myriad of advertisements that tend to make products seem much better than they really are .
Advertisers utilize a variety of techniques to promote their products ; techniques that often overrate the real value of products .

A prime example of appealing advertising is evident when advertisements are designed to target a specific group of individuals .
For instance , toy makers use cartoons and other animated characters to entice young kids .
They enlarge the actual size of the toys , tricking the children into buying their product .
Commercials animate dolls in order to make them seem realistic .
Such techniques form a false illusion in the childrens ' minds , leading them to think that the dolls can actually walk and talk like regular humans .

A second example of misleading advertisements can be seen in the variety of promotions available for skin care products , specifically targeted at the teenage population .
These days many products claim to treat any kind of acne problems within a period of three to five days .
However , they fail to mention that every teenager has a different skin type , ranging from dry to oily , that responds to skin care products dissimilarly .
For instance , though a face wash might remedy acne for one person , the same product might result in redness or dryness for some other individual .
Therefore , consumers should not be misguided by extravagant commercials but use their judgement wisely before purchasing products from the market .

One should realize that advertisements are paid endorsements for their respective products .
Their purpose is to attract the common public , motivating people to support their product .
Since there are millions of products available to the consumers , advertisements need to make their products seem exceptional .
They need to stress the advantages , while undermining the negative aspects of the products .
Thus , it is our responsibilty to prevent getting caught by the trap of advertisemenst
Nowadays cars a the most important medium of traveling large distances and therefore they are used often and regularly .
Nevertheless , the developement of technic could lead to fewer cars to be used in twenty years .
For that , however , political and social circumstances still would need to change .

First , due to the fact that also in future people still will need to travel , it it very important that the governments of today support other mediums of mass transportation like trains or buses .
If financially supported from the politics , traveling by bus would be cheaper than traveling by car and people might change their habits of using their cars every time they need to go somewhere .
In case a person wants to visit a friend , living in another country , and the less expensive way to go there was by train , I am conviced that he or she would buy a train ticket instead of new petrol for his or her car , That is why politicans could change the cirucumstances of transportations and therefore the number of used cars in the future .

Second , also the social circumstances concerning the attitude of people towards their cars would need to be changed .
These days a car not only represents a medium of traveling but also shows the character and the social situation of its owner .
The car of a very rich man , a BMW with a chauffeur for example , differs completely from the car of a poor family father , who has to pack his four children and his wife into an old mini-van .
If a car quited to be a part of a persons reputation and of a way of presenting social welfare its meaning and its use would change likewise .

However , altough I would appreciate these circumstance to change for the better , I do not believe that neither the politicians nor the people will change their attitude towards the use of cars .

In addition to that , changing circumstances always demands a lon periode of time .
No political nor social developement in the last ten years , however , indicates a similar change in the attitude both politically and socially .

In conclusion , that is the reason why I do not believe that fewer cars will be in use in twenty years .
Behind the idea of education , there lies the ability to understand ideas and concept .
Thus , the aim of education - as I understand - is to teach students understanding the basic ideas and conceptualizations upon which the individual student can independently learn facts .
Without such an understanding no fact can be learned .
In the due course , I totally agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts .

As to begin with , without ideas and concepts facts do not have any meaning .
Although such a statement might sound too large , it is actually true in the sense that anyone can learn a fact by reading the newspaper or watching the television .
However , such a learning leaves no room for questioning and basing the facts on concepts and ideas of other people .
Therefore , students firtst must be taught the important concepts and ideas .
For instance , a student who knows a theory on inequality or developmentalism would look at the facts about povery from a very different and critical point of view .
With the ideas of others and conceptualizations that have been made , the student does not readily take the things that she learns as given .
Rather , the students tends to compare and contrast with other ideas and try to base the fact on different concepts .
In the due course , first the student should try to understand ideas and concepts .

In addition to this , another reason why I think it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts is that facts sometimes be misleading or misinterpreted .
When the student is directly confronted with facts to be learned , she takes the knowledge for granted and does not question the validity or trueness of that fact .
For example , sometimes we are confronted with false news on media .
Such fallicies are only visible to the open eye of the students or people who are well equipped with ideas and concepts .
Another example to this is Hrant Dink 's - a famous journalist in Turkey - death because of his statements of Turkish nationality .
He was murdered by a young nationalist boy who only knows facts about nationalism ; yet , he has never understood the ideas and concepts of Turkish nationalism .

All in all , it is plausible to suggest that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree with this statement due to the fact that learning facts by themselves alone does not mean anything but taking given facts as absolute truths and the fact that facts might me misleading sometimes .
Without understanding the ideas of other people and conceptualizations that have been made on different issues , learning facts has no validity .
Thus , students should first understand ideas and concepts and upon such an understanding facts should be learned .
I personally agree with the given statement .
In a natural way , everybody tries to challenge himself .
There is always something new to learn or to do .
Life is full of surprises and possibilities .

Most successful people enjoy their life as beeing successful , but they also feel the desire to do something else .
This could be to work on a voluntary base or to do another job .
It is satisfying to them to know that they already achieved a lot in life because of their studies , experiences and their education .

Still , they want to do more , some to gain a higher position within the firm they are working at , others just to challenge themselves .
The reason might be to earn more money , but also to lieve a less stressful life .
Doing the same job every day might get boring with the time passing by .
This way people are open to try something new .

I think that doing another job apart from the main one one is doing , might be stressful and risky .
Doing another job means to put a lot of effort , time and also work into it .
This might lead to stress because there is not that much time left for hobbies , family or relationship .
It is difficult to be successful and parallel to that to live a pleasant and happy life .

Many people who are successful are always in a hurry and it seems that they do not have the time to appreciate little things in life .
In my opinion , though .
they do a lot more than others by doing other things than just doing what they already know how to do well .
Having the chance to try out new things probably makes people happy .
Some like their job a lot but there is also another thing which they do not want to miss doing in their life .

It is also good to show the talents which God gave us .
Especially succesful people are motivated .
They also have the money to afford doing new things .
This is why they should take their chances and feel free to do whatever they want to do .
This might lead to recognition within the town they are living in and also satisfaction throughout themselves .
People who are successful often like to do something that makes them forget work .
Life gets a little belanced and they feel better .

I imagine that successful try new things like sports or voluntary work .
They might have their own business which is connected to risk , because there is not the guarantee that it will go well and turn out to be popular .

Others might lead a sports group or teach older people foreign languages .
To me it would be important to work woth other people and to try to help them out .
All in all , successful people who take a risk in trying out new things feel more balanced and more satisfied .
In twenty years from now , the number of cars in use will be extremely high .
There is no chance for having less number of cars .
There are quite many reasons to support my statement .

The main reason for expecting a huge number of cars in mere future is by considering the past records .
The number of cars some years ago were very less .
But today its number is almost doubled .
Every process future analysis is based on a `` HYSTERISIS '' curve , which shows the probability of any issue considering the past statistics .
In the same manner we can have a histerisis curve for the usage of cars .
It depicts a huge increase of number of cars in use in future .

The other main reason is the increase in the population and their standards of living .
The standards of living of people is increasing day by day .
People are aiming high and acheiving high .
Every one is trying to reach the best position in life .
A car reflects the status of a person in the society .
So people are showing interest to own a car .
Its becoming one of their most important part of their luxury list .
So it can be expected that every middle class individual owns a car in coming twenty years .
This increases the number of cars used .

The selling price of a car is becoming immensely low these days .
Its being reachable to every middle class individual .
As the price is diminishing with time , every one is planning to own a car .
Even car industries are planning to reduce the price of the cars to increase their sales .
This is to make them reachable to each and every person .

For example , consider a television .
Television was a dream to every common man few years ago .
Its cost was around 3000 $ before .
Its demand was less at that time due to its heavy price .
But today its cost came to less than half .
Today everyone owns a television .
Same is the case with mobile telephones too .
In the same way we can say that a car becomes a part of life to almost every middle class individual .

So , by considering many reasons and facts we can say that the number of cars that will be used in coming twenty years will be absolutely high .
Almost every individual owns a car in future .
I think that this statement is true .
Indeed , successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they allready know how to do well .
First , trying something new can only be positive .
Humans base their thoughts on their experience .
However , if this experience is repetitive the lessons to learn from it are always the same ones .
Experience needs diversity to be usefull as situations that we come across in life are always different .
Doing something different from what we are used to can therefore be considered as an investment and every investment has risks and returns .
For example , a painter who uses a new painting technique has more risks to fail in its tasks than if he sticks to his old technique .
However , he will learn a new way to paint that will probably pay off one day .

Another angle for this question is human nature .
Indeed it is in human 's nature to always take risks to improve .
People improve their way of doing things by doing them more efficiently and success can be defined as achieving one 's goal .
People tend to perpetually improve .
They find new ways to achieve their goals more efficiently .
They are considered successfull by their peers .
So trying new things and taking risk are in fact main factors of success .

It is even truer today .
In our society , everyone has to have the latest electronic gadget .
So being new is actually becoming part of the definition of success .
In a word , successfull people take risks and try new procedure to improve their way of doing things .
I agree in part with the statement , but I do n't think that those are the only two characteristics a successful person has .
In my opinion , those characteristics are strongly associated , if not derived , from self-confidence .
A person that is self-confident is not afraid of trying new things and taking risks .
In a way it has to be a person that knows that whatever happens there is always a way to make things work .

On the other hand , I disagree in part with the statement because there is a good amount of people who have success and not necessarly take risks or try new things , in fact they do what they know well or are especialized in .

Could it be that success is associated sometimes to luck ?
There has been a lot of people , throughout History that they had a good idea , but it was n't the moment and years later it became a reality .

In my opinion , in order for a person to have success a variaty of factors should come together , such as , personality traits , knowledge and the moment or period of time he or she is born .

Success involves a large scope .
A person may be successful in his or her professional life but he or she is a failure in social aspects .
Taking risks and trying new things may be applicable and a desirable characteristic for a person that runs a business , but I strongly disagree that it will be a desirable trait in a relationship .

So , to call a person successful I consider it is important to see not only a part of a that person 's life and in order to have success characteristics do n't limit only in taking risks and trying new things .
In ancient Greece , a philosopher who founded his own school expected applicants to know geometrics as well .
Is that still the case today ?
We shall hereby prove that due to the advance of sciences , this has become almost impossible , though a broad culture is a paramount asset to modern life .

Many philosophers and geniuses throughout history showed that having an extremely broad knowledge was possible : Voltaire french philosopher of the end of the seventeenth century , was an famous writer as well as a good ingeneer in agriculture .
At these times , there had been a major intellectual movement whose goal was to gather every scientifical and technical knowledge in encyclopedias .
Since there was not many of them , contributors to those books had to acquire this knowledge themselves !
Moreover , it was seen as a way to set oneself appart from old religious schemes which were seen as a tool of obscurantism .

Yet , now that Science triumphed from religious doctrines which were judged somehow simplistic as explanations of natural processes , the scientifical methodology itself has made universal knowledge virtually impossible to gather for one individual alone .
Being the key to the improvement of production and the welfare of human beings , science was rationalized to such an extent that no one can publish any decent academic article or research works without having been granted the diplomas to do so , which implies studying the subject for durations that can reach decades .
One usually has to attend classes for more than ten years to become a doctor !

Nevertheless , one must not forget that science binded with elitistic norms of education can become a threat to democracy , as soon as knowledge becomes the private property of a small group of overspecialized office holders .
Ignorance as a way to keep people under control was most commonly used in authoritarian regimes such as South Africa , in which the coulour-skinned could not be taught in English , which was the language of the administration .

This aims to prove that though specialization is required nowadays , a broad culture is vital to everyone in order to prevent any abuse .
Some people look at the period as a period of self assessment and a way for exploration of what life is truely about .
They think of this period as a journey of finding one 's inner peace and getting tuned with mother nature and the universe as a whole .
It 's pretty much a rest after a long path of building one 's self .
On the other hand they see youth as the time of hard work and achievements .
The true time of knowing who you truely are .

Old people enjoy life more than young people because they have the time .
It 's well known that when you are young you do n't have the chance to get all the fun because there is always school , university , or even the deadline of a work delivery .
You could have some fun but it is always restricted to the time that is not in the hands of the young .
Old people donot have the duties of the young so they tend to search for the things they dreamt as youth to do one day .

Another issue is the money .
After a long time of building and working to achieve the best , what could be more rewarding than lying on the beach with no concerns what so ever .
This could only be possible if someone had the financial ability to do so .
In one 's fresh years that is not possible unless supported by the parents which is not likely to be done but it 's possible for the seniors who struggled earlier to do so .

Looking from the other prespective , youmg people may enjoy their life more because the simply have the energy for it .
Old people may have the time and the money but they may suffer some illnesses that prohibit them from enjoying their life .

`` Old or young it 's all about the spirit '' , that is what the famous British novelist Tomas Jakob said .
when you have the youth spirit in you , you could always have the best of life .
Believing that life is worth living is the key of living and enjoying life .
There are a variety of people in the world that has different professions .
Between them , there are successful and unsuccessful people using their talent .
In my opinion , what makes this difference is that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing that they already know how to do well , when the unsuccessful people do n't .
Three reasons will support this idea ; by taking risks , they will grow respect to others , understand fear of going out from the comfort zone , and experience different worlds that would make his or her own profession improve .

Firstly , people should know how to respect other people for living in a society .
If you could n't understand , or at least try to understand what other people are saying , you could not observe important opinions that might help your talent improve .
What is true in every successful people are , that they observe people 's ideas , see if it is valuable for him or herself , and make it their own advantage .

Secondly , people grow more mature when they know how it feels to lose .
Understanding and experiencing the fear to step outside from your comfort zone , and explore the outer world and other people 's point of views , makes you more thoughtful .
If they happen to know only themselves and his or her sorroundings , they would have an extemely short-sighted and stubborn point of view .
They will be overly-confident and proud about themselves and this will definately not help the person to succeed in their profession .

Thirdly , exposure to an area that you have n't experienced before would be very efficient for the person 's own growth as a human being .
Risking yourselves and trying something new , or observing new information and reflecting it to your own activity , puts spice to your professions that results in an evolution of your talent .

In conclusion , by risking your own property and experiencing the world you do not know , makes the person more of a kind and respectful , intelligent man or a woman .
Therefore , I think that it is beneficial to take risks rather than staying in their comfort zone .
This statement has been greatly discussed in many didactic environments for the simple reason that some consider the theoretical knowledge to be more important than the practical one and some consider the opposite .

I was lucky to have personally attended schools that agreed and disagreed with the statement since I attended an italian high school ( that relies mostly on ideas and concepts ) and a canadian high school ( that focuses more on real facts that occured ) .

This is why foreigners find that italians know how to talk about a certain topic but they do not know how to actually solve ( or i should say ) `` fix '' it .
My uncle , an engineer who lives in Canada , once attended a conference here in Italy and he noticed how Italians honestly might know more about the theory ( in this case physics or maths ) but need help from the more `` hands-on '' engineers from abroad who considered real cases during their education giving them a higher experience .

In my opinion learning about facts is definately more enjoyable and gains a higher interests within the students .
It also gives you a better insight of today 's world situation .
The reason why we study History is because we ought to learn about events that occured in the past and to prevent the same mistakes or find a better solution .

Once I came back from my school year abroad it was n't easy for me to get used to the old and stricter method .
I tried to make my teacher understand and realize how a fact that occured implicitely has the concept in it .

Experience also plays a key role and to discuss about real facts certainly helps a lot .
As once Oscar Wilde said `` Experience is the name we give to our mistakes '' .

This is why I believe that it is definately important to learn and understand ideas and concepts but the next fundamental step would be to consider a real fact that concerns it .

Italy has a very ancient background on its shoulders and it would be very hard to change its attitude or point of view .
As people get older , they realize what was obvious from the beginning : that they will die .
Eventhough this may sound sad , it still is the truth that we all share .
By realizing and accepting this unchangeble fact , people start to enjoy life more than they did in their young years .
So I must say that I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more that older people do .

Being young is like being god .
You feel that you are capable of doing anything and everything .
This misleading idea push young people to their limits .
They spend their time trying new thinks , without any kind of commitment , until they are done with the excitement , which they felt due to the fact that they are trying something new .
In this sense we even can say that young people are like scouts , they just cant sit still and enjoy something .
They always feel the urge to go forward and explore the horizon .
On the other hand ; older people are in peace with the fact that their time in this world is shorter than the rest and they cant do everything with the time that left to them , so they try to settle down and enjoy things that they encountered throughout their lives .
Thats why we can see older people everywhere who is doing something which can be seen as boring for younger people .
For example sailing or painting .

Another important fact why older people do enjoy life more than young people is that they accompished what young people cant taste .
Older people had spent more time on this earth that younger people so we can say that they had their own share of succes ; they formed families and most probably maintain the survival of their genes .
This gives older people a feeling of victory over life so they can spent their time celebrating it .
Just feeling like a long war is over and peace is ettablished : a peace with themselves .

To summarize we can say that old people enjoy life more than young people because they spent enough time to overcome their urges .
They had enough experience to realize what they really want and they go for it .
Moreover ; they realize that their time is limites so they want to make the best of it .
All these , help old people to enjoy life more that young people do .
Ecologists would say there HAS to be fewer cars in the future , in order to protect the environment .
By the way , when the peak oil will be behind us ( and that may happen quite soon ) , we will not be able to use fuel-using cars any more .
Scientist are currently working on new cars , but they may be less productive .

At any rate , we would have to change every car .
Maybe that would be a great opportunity to think our urban transports differently .

Actually , with the urbanisation ( which will never stop , as the populations rises ) , other ways of travelling are developped , like trains , underground ...
There are more and more trains , that go faster and faster .

Because of the urbanisation , it becomes also very difficult to drive in the city : Between Paris and its very near suburb , you need more than one hour to go to work morning and to come back home nights .
People do not accept this situation any more .
To let them prefer buses , the government decided to restrict some roads to buses only .
At the end of the day , the bus is quicker than the car in many situations .

Nowadays , the basic customer still prefers his car to train or bus , as he likes his autonomy and freedom .
But we can seriously think that he will change his mind .

Nevertheless , the car industry stays an important economic and research domain .
Countries like China , Japan and India will certainly try to exploit this domain , since it is still essentially developped by western countries .
Thus , it is highly possible that , in the next twenty years , there will be quite more cars made up by these upcoming countries .

Furthermore , we may have to consider the probem differently in the various regions of the world : In America there are still some space .
In developing countries like african ones , the problem of traffic does not exist neither .
Conversely , the implantation of more cars would assist the developpment of the country .

To conclude , the diminution of the number of cars seems to be an evidence in western countries , mainly in big suburbs .
The reasons are environmental and practical .
Nevertheless , some other regions may still see in cars a possibility of economic and basical developpment .
I strongly agree to the statement that for students ideas and concepts are more important than learning facts .
The following essay will illustrate this and explain why it is so .

Ideas come from the creativity with in aperson .
A person who has the capability to develop an idea of its own can do anything .
He/she can produce many facts from the ideas .
Ideas acts as the source of many inovations .
Thus a person with great idea will never be dependent on facts but will always create things on his/her own .

Concepts also play very important role in the process of learning .
To work in any field one has to learn the basics of that field .
It is a very simple statement but it stands quite good .
In any institution a student should invest most of his/her time in learning the basics and the concepts of a particular field .
A person with a strong base of knowledge can bring in astonishing chages in his/her field of study .

In our histtory if we have seen that great inventions , either by Newton or an unknown scientist , always had a stong backup of in-depth knowledge of the field .
If we see the paintings of Leonardo Do Vinci , those are based on the ideas and imaginations which he had and on which he had given remarkable belongings to the world .

Although , a small connsideration goes sometime to facts as it helps in strenthening ones ideas which has been developed by using the concepts of the field .
But ultimately its your own originality which can bring flying colours .

In the end I would conclude that ideas and concepts are more important than the learning the fact .
So students should concentrate more on getting the concepts and enhancing thier ideas rather than memorizing the facts .
I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older poeple do because young people want to discover the world , they usually have more energy than older people and they are not really worriend about the future .

Young people enjoy more their life simply because they do n't know a lot of things .
This is an extra motivation to enjoy almost anything that they go through .
More over , young people always want to taste by themselves everything that surrounds them and they will always try to discover new and exciting things .
Some things that probably older people wo n't do are for example do extreme sports , traveling around the world and so on .
This could happen because of a lack of energy by the older people .

Energy is really important to enjoy life .
Young people are usually full of energy because of their youthness , which is a disadvantage for older people who are usually tired of working and spend their free time recovering .
A lot of people would say that energy is not necessary to enjoy life and that could be true .
Another way to enjoy life is to get a relax time , but again young people can enjoy more this relaxed times because they are less tired than older people are .

Older people are usually busy with their jobs because they are worried about their future .
Although young people are also worried about their future , they will always be less worried on this kind of issues .
This less worried attitude lead us to think about a lack of resposability by young people .
But that 's what makes life more enjoyable .
Young people will always think they have a whole life towards them and that is a relief from some worries that older people usually have .

Every person can enjoy life to the maximun , but for sure young ones will enjoy it more because their path in life has just began and they still have a long road to go through it , which makes life more enjoyable and exciting .
I agree entirely with the opinion that it is more vital for students to comprehend ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn mere facts .

Why study facts , or even worse , learn them by heart to pass final examinations when you will forget most of them shortly afterwards , anyway ?
Therefore , it can be far more beneficial to focus on teaching the general understanding of ideas and concepts .
Research in psychology has proven that you will remember far more easily anything you have understood instead of learning it by heart .
And normally , you learn facts by heart because there is not much to understand .

Moreover , in an increasingly dynamic environment , both in professional and private terms , the learning of facts could be in vain .
Circumstances change more and more rapidly .
What was important to know now could be replaced by completely other facts who have to know in a couple of years .
That is the case , for instance , if you have to change your profession as a result of structural change of the employment market .
As a matter of fact , experts say that these kind of structural changes will occur more and more frequently , so many people actually will have to change their profession several times during their life .

The understanding of ideas and concepts can also be helpful in any profession as it offers a larger flexibility .
You cannot study all kind of solutions to a problem by learning facts .
Because the problem is , that as a student you cannot possibly know what kind of concrete problems you will have to face later on in life .
As a result , it is far more important that you learn and train a certain approach to solve problems , by concentrating on studying major ideas and general concepts instead of investing too much time into learning facts .

In conclusion , I would like to state again that the understanding of ideas and concepts is more important because it is in every respect more beneficial to the preparation for a increasingly dynamic environment .
It is easier to remember ideas and concepts than it is to remember facts and , last not least , ideas and concepts are more useful as they allow are larger flexibility to new challenges .
`` JACK OF ALL BUT MASTER OF NONE '' is the saying that is used to convey the meaning of the statement .
I do agree that we go to have a knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one .
The reason for this is the current world needs flexibility i.e it not necessary that you master a single subject but you must know the concepts of different subjects .
Moreover there is no subject that is self contained , every subject has got some co-relation with others forexample physics has got maths into it biology has got physics principles into it so are the others .

A student needs to be well verse with the basics of many subjects , for the practical problems that he faces are not confined to a single subject .
What would be the use if you master physics principles and cannot solve a practical physics problem given with equations ?

Thats where you got to to apply maths .
The child would observe his surroundings in a broader perspective if he is exposed to different subjects .
He can understand every law that governs different situations in this world .

Broad knowledge on all the subjects would give a wide scope of building up intrest while specialization would be rather boring to study .
As flexibility is needed to survive in this world we must have a broad knowledge of subjects because if there arises a situation where the principle of the subject you master fail so its mandatory that you make a transition .
If you lack knowledge on other subjects then you would perish in the situation .

Aother practical example is a child who has mastered in computer science would confine himself to the computer there would be no other world beyond it .
If the computer crashes down due to some faliure for instance due to power faliure in his house he would have no other option to call up the board to rectify the minor problem .
In contrast if he has got the knowledge about electrical principles he would be rectifying it all by himself there by saving his money and time .

This is the reason why educational institutions have been teaching their students various subjects so as to have an all round development in different fields of the student .
After pondering this question thoroughly and prudently , I finally reach the point that it depends .
If a student wants to go directly into the workforce after graduation , it 's may better for him to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
On the other hand , if another student wants to become a specialist in a given domain , I think he 'd better specialize in that one specific subject .

Nowadays the number of college students who hunt for a job just after graduation keeps increasing .
Mainly because they are aware of that different job require different knowledge or skills .
Some jobs require a student can use a computer fluently and skillful , some may hope a student to be capable to speak different kind of lauguages , and some others may just use those whose have the intensive ability of coorporation and sccialization .
To mee to various requirement of jobs , students should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Take my sister for example .
Before graduation , she did n't know what job exactly she wanted to pursue .
But since she had broad knowledge gained from many subjects in college .
She sent innumerable applications to very diverse companys .
Guess what ?
All of those companys said OK to her .
And then she could choose the best one from them .

But if a student , like me , dreams of becoming a specialist or even a scientist in a certain realm , he should and must specialize in that one specific subject .
The foremost reason why I said that is , only this way , can a student make great consentrate on that one subject and learn more about it .
Like me , I always think I will becom a specialist in EE , so , now I put all of my focus and energy on that subject .
By doing more research and reading more refference book of that subject , I obtained a profound understanding about it .
Although I ca n't assert that I am a master today in EE , I have took the most significant step to be a master I think .

Taking into account of all that mentioned above , I draw the conclution that this question depends .
It would be logical to think that as population increases , the number of vehicles on the roads would also increase as there exists a correlation between the two of these variables .
For example , the number of cars on the roads has definitely increased since the last twenty years .
Why has this been ?

Firstly , its because the number of people who can use the cars has increased .
Secondly , the technological advancements have brought about a reduction in prices of the average car as such .

So , if we go by the above reasoning , it should also hold good if we assumed that a similar trend will be observed in the coming twenty years .
However , a question to evaluate the above assumption would be : Is this growth scalable and sustainable ?
It is a known fact that pollution levels in the atmosphere are increasing and a major component of the pollutants come from the cars ' exhaust pipes .
There has to be an obvious drive to cut down on pollution and one way that could be adopted in the future will be to reduce the number of cars on the road .

The second obstacle to increasing the number of cars in the future will be the space crunch .
If the number of cars on roads keep increasing at the rate which it is now , the roads and the parking lots would not be sufficient to accommodate the cars .
In fact , an occurence in Japan is a testament to the above statement .
There are zones in Tokyo , the capital of Japan , where privately owned vehicles are not allowed to ply because of the space crunch and only vehicles like buses , or car pools which can accommodate many people at once are permitted on road .
In this case , the number of vehicles on the road has in fact reduced in Tokyo .

Hence , I would say that the number of cars on the roads will increase in the next few ( 5-10 ) years , with all the advancements in technology and the incraesing purchasing power of the consumers .
However , I also believe that because we are bound to hit the ceiling with respect to space avilability for the cars and the pollution caused , I do not think that the increment in the number of cars can be sustained over a two-decade period .

To conclude , I agree with the statement that in twenty years , the number of cars in use will be fewer than there are today .
In the era of high technology that enables us to tranport longer distances easily using cars and ther means of transportation , we have received the considerable benefits in our daily life as well as the business activities .
However , the adverse effects of using cars have brought more serious problems than the human beings ever faced , that is , the environmental problems .
In my opinion , there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years due to our efforts to reduce cars and invent the alternative transportation system that is less harmful to the environment that we live in .
The reasons why I think this are as follows .

First , we are aware of urgently inventing alternative transportation system other than cars .
In fact , the big automobile companies are now making efforts to make cars which do not depend on using petroleum to get energy to move .
For example , they are now reseaching of the effectiveness of using electricity , water , and other possible means that are not harmful to the environment .
These efforts will contribute to our way of life in which we do not depend on using cars .

Secondly , due to the social movement to protect the environment , the government of a lot of nations are now trying to reduce the emmision of the CO2 in the air .
Because cars are the main producers od CO2 and other harmful chemical components , the government from all over the world have made treaties which bind their use of CO2 .
Although we need to pay attentino to the desire of the developing countries to enhance their economy , we have to propose different ways of boosting ecomnomies other than depending on using automobiles as their primary means of transportations .

If all these efforts gain the results successfully , we can realize the society in which we can live in hramony with the environment as well as maintain the sustainable development of the economy .
And I think this future outline is feasible .
Therefore , in twnty years or so , we will be living in a world where fewer cars are used as a results of reducing the use of cars which were harmful to the environment .
I do not think that the number of cars will decline within the next twenty years for several reasons .
There are big countries with growing populations which will have a huge demand for cars .
Moreover , cars become even more affordable .
The environmental problems which come along with the use of cars will be reduced , and alternative sources of energy will be found in order to satisfy the increasing demand .
Thus , I do not agree with the thesis that fewer cars will be used in twenty years than there are today .

Big countries such as China or India have a huge demand for cars as their respective economies are growing and their inhabitants are becoming wealthier .
Thus they will be able to afford buying cars .
As cars are still perceived as symbols of power which represent a certain way of life , many individuals will acquire cars in order to demonstrate their new status .
In addition , cars might contribute to the development of the large rural territories of those countries .

Moreover , cars will become even cheaper due to industrial and technological progress .
Modern production plants provide much more efficacy than older ones did and require less ressources in order to produce cars .
Thus , the average cost of cars will decline .
Hence , it will be easier to sell cars even in underdeveloped regions .

Finally , many of the environmental problems that come along with the use of cars will be solved .
There are already devices which effectively reduce the emissions of cars .
Alternative sources of energy such as electricity or sustainable fuels will be found .
That is , future cars will not have to rely on gas and oil .
A lot of research is being done in this regard and has already yielded some encouraging results .

To sum it up , there is a growing demand for cars .
On the other hand , cars are becoming cheaper , and the environmental problems caused by cars will be reduced .
Hence , I think the number of cars will increase and not decline .
In my oppinion , these both suggestions : understanding ideas and concepts , and learn from facts .
Because these both teaches people a idea about common sense in the world .
and some of the common sense or common knowledge ca n't be learned by own experience .

For example , people often learn better behavior in their life through the religion .
because some of the ideas that religion teaches people cannot be figured out by one 's own wisdom .
and for the improvement of their life and spiritual health , people often willing to learn more about their religions .

Besides this reason , a lot of those beliefs , ideas that had been found by mankind in the history , Always had begun from the curiosity about somebody else 's idea .
For example , the famous scientist Galileo could prove the truth , ' the earth is spining around the sun ' , indirectly by the idea based on Roman catholic ; which he argued to .
his conclusion about universe came from his own experience about the fact .
but if he could n't understand the concept of the universe and ideas which people before Galileo believed , he could n't take any chance to make arguement .

Just like the exemples showing above , to learn something from fact , we basically need to have some basic knowledge which had already been set by somebody else .
Through the history , The idea and peoples ' creativity has been growing upon another .
that shows the important conclusion ; people learn from the idea before they prove the truth by their own fact .
Along with this fact , we are living in the world that requires the proof ; we have to prove things that we have learned .
if we know only the knowledge which learned from fact and we ca n't prove it .
Then our knowledge become just one 's stereotypical method with our any reasons in the public .
therefore , if we do not understand the idea and concepts which is generally proved as truth by somebody .
We ca n't expect our fact that learned from experience to be general truth .

In conclusion , to learn or to prove new things learned from our life we have to know about old concepts too .
cause th
Advertising is a way of selling a product in the market .
People see the lucrative advertisements and are tempted to buy the product but in reality most advertisements make products seem much more better then they really are .
The products reliabilty should depend on its composition , use and results .

Firstly , an advertisement may make us believe much more then the product really is .
Its composition may be the same as any other product in the market which is not advertised .
Like we may buy cosmetics from Loreal as they are very well advertised , though they may be equivalent to any other local company cosmetics .
This is what advertising does .

Secondly , advertising makes us use the product based on assumptions that the advertisements make about those products .
It 's only after continuous use that we can make out whether the product is good or not .
Most of the brand names which are in the market now are because people find out the assumptions made by the advertising companies are true and many products after long term use were found to be contaminated and did not work the same way as advertised and they disappear from the market completely or for some time till they are up to the standards .
Example , Cocacola was banned in india because it was found contaminated with harmful pesticides .

Thirdly , its the result over the period of the time that determine the reliability of the product .
Either scientific result or after certain time of use by the consumers the relaibilty of the product can be known .
Any assumptions made by the advertising company is a means to sell the product and should be considered only a market trend .

Therefore , One should keep in mind that advertising is the means of selling products and what it says is not hundred percent true .
Its only the composition , Use and the result of the use that determine the reliability of the product .
Since most of our neighbours are pretty old people and since I did one year of social service in a home for the elderly , I think that I have worked with enough old people in my life to state that I totally disagree with the statement that says that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

I think older people enjoy life in a different way than young people do .
So if one compares activities young people prefer to do in their free time to activities that older people like to do during their spare time , one can easily see that old people most probably enjoy life just as much as young people .
Young people tend to go to bars or discos with their friends , for example .
Older people enjoy going to a restaurant with good friends or like to see an opera or a thatre play .
I think that this is not that much of a difference in joy .
It is only the type of activities they prefer that marks a difference .

I would even dare to say that I think that older people have better chances and possibilities of enjoying life .
Since older people tend to be more experienced and therefore time-effective than younger people in many different areas such as cooking , housework , or even tasks at work , for example , they have more time to spare and for this reason more time to enjoy life ( if one suspects that working cannot be any kind of joy ) .
After retiring they also have a lot of time to do what they like or maybe even make dreams come true .
Take some of my neighbours , for example .
After retiring they went on a trip around the world to see a lot of famous places and to experience different cultures for about eight months .
Younger people could not afford such an activity .
They usually have n't saved enogh money and they usually have a job that wo n't allow an absence of eight months .

To sum up , one can see that even when only having a rather `` time-based '' look at the statement that was made , there is no chance of agreeing with it at all .
It would even be unfair to say something like that because it implies that activities younger people do are more enjoyable than the ones of older people .
But this is and always will be subject to personal bias and opinion .
I do agree with the statements that succesful people try new things and take new risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
It is the calculated risk that a person takes that shows his confidence and attitude towards life .
Trying out new things keeps a person from getting bored with the routine type of work .
Taking new risks always has a chance for growth not only in what he/she is doing but also as a person .

I can state my own experience as an example .
I 've always been a topper in high school with excellence in mathematics .
After graduating from high school most were taking up engineering and accounts for undergraduation .
I realised I had an interest in sciences and dared to take the risk to face the competion to enter into a medical school .
Finally not only did I get into one of the top medical schools with 98.5 % but also got a financial aid .
All through the way I believed in myself and never let my confidence fall apart .

And then I realised that I had a taste for music , which led me to become a Disc Jockey .
I used it as a way to relax my tensions from my academic curriculum .
People thought how can a ` ld be doctor possibly be a DJ .
Well , I know it sounds weird , but I wanted to try someting new .
It was just the start and the list went on from organising Medical Camps , Awareness campaigns to starting a student organisation for sincerity , service and development .

Although you need discipline , hardwork and patience to reach goals , it is the difference which you make that matters .
It shows the attitude towards life and the confidence with which we move ahead .

Successful people are confident people with a positive attitude who try out something new always and try to make a difference in others ' lives .
Every new task is a challenge for proficiency and confidence .
They always want to see life in a broader prespective filled with challenges .

As a matter of fact , everybody should try out new things , which will develop their attitude towards life and will make them a better person .
Comparison of understanding and learning is probably one of the most important discussions I have seen about the Turkish educational system in the last ten years .
This paper will mainly discuss the positive and negative sides of understanding the ideas and concepts and learning the facts .

Understanding the ideas and concepts for students is very important for not only for their education life but also the real life .
As an illustration , a phylosophy teacher may explain Plato as only a man who said that there has to be three groups to form the ideal society : workers , soldiers and the leaders .
It would not mean anything to the student .
Because of this statement , the student may think that my father is working as a doctor , my uncle is a soldier and I am seeing the president of my country once a week so my country is just like Plato explained centries ago .
Contrarily , the same philosophy teacher may explain that the three groups forming the society are the mirror images of the three qualities which form the good person .
These qualities are desire symbolized by workers , emotions symbolized by soldiers and virtue symbolized by the leaders .
Understanding the concepts behind Plato 's ideas are more important than the Plato 's ideas themselves .

On the other hand , learning the facts are also very important for scince and engineering students .
With the help of the facts , people can understand the universe .
By knowing the law of gravity , we can understand why an object can fall from the sky or by knowing Kepler 's law , we can understand how Earth revolves around the sun .
A student does not have to know the the number zero is discover , solving the question is more important for him/her .

To sum up , I want to say that understanding ideas and concepts and learning the facts are very both very important for the students .
On the other hand , I believe that understanding the ideas and facts make you a better person in addition to being a good student while learning the facts can make you only a good student .
So , I agree with the statement that understanding is more important than learning .
It is hard to imagine the facts with concepts .
They are both interrelated .
I agree that students should concentrate more on understanding the ideas and concepts because it is difficult to understand the facts without knowing the concepts behind it .
It is easy to clear the concepts and understand the ideas while studying because we have the help at hand and our teachers and mentors are there to correct us .
For example if I see a patient with a swelling and without any history and clinical examination I can not tell what swellingit is and how I am going to manage it .
To reach the diagnosis I need to clear my concepts to take a proper history and to examine this swelling .
Then I need to know the common sweelings found in the specific area and the pathology .
I should know how to investigate this swelling and than I will be able to reach the correct diagnosis and would be able to treat this efficiently .
As I am in the learning phase and during my training I have been able to learn these basic concepts with the help of my trainers and mentors .
Therefore before jumping to know the facts we should know the basic concepts first as I go through the basic things befor reaching the diagnosis .

Another example when a child grows up he speaks only few words initially and does not start speaking the complete sentences fluently because he tries to learn the basic things before he can speak and perform like adults .

In conclusion I would like to say that learning the ideas and basic concepts first is very important and if we do not follow this principle then we will only know the facts not the concepts behind them .
If it happens our knowledge and study will have no meaning because the main purpose of the education uisto make us aware of the concepts .
Car has been a basic transportation for the human being since its invention .
Most industry is now based on the car for transportation of good .
Also many people depend on the comfortness of the car and it ability .
However , there is some concerns rising due to the rising population of the car .
Because car produces smoke , it causes the haze and pollution in area and due to the increasing demand of car demand of oil and gas increased as well and now these resources are running out from the planet .
Despite these disadvantages , I believe even after in twenty years there will be more cars around .

Due to industry 's high dependency on the car and trucks , it is hard to decrease the number of cars dramatically .
Also in order for companies to replace cars with other alternative transportation , it will cost them alot and due to the high oppoortunity cost company wo n't easily change their basic transportation .

On other hand , now in the world there are millions of people owns car and depend on its comfortness and ability .
Therefore , it will be hard for them to change from car to the other alternative transportation , which change will cost them lots of money .

Usage of car has been controversial since scientists found out that it cause pollution and can cause illness to people who have a frequent contact with haze produced from it .
However , now days scientists are working hard to reduce or eliminate any possible pollution caused by cars and beleived within twenty years there will be no controversy over the pollution caused by cars .

Major concern with the car is that car depends on petroleum which is rapidly running out from the planet .
Petroleum has been major source of energy and major resouce for humanity since its discovery .
Due to high dependency of Oil and its limitation , scientists are now inventing alternate resource that can replace oil such as biofuel , solar energy and hydrogen fuel .

Cars provided people comfort and ability to transport good and people faster .
Despite these advantages , pollutions and limited oil is forcing people to move away from the car and find alternative transportation .
However , now days scientists are trying hard to find alternative resource for the car which does n't create any pollution and they are on the verge of finding it .
Also the high dependency of car will make people difficult to move away from it .
Therefore , I believe there will be more cars going around even after twenty years
Usually students do n't really understand why ideas and concepts are tought in schools or universities rather than facts .
Which of these two notions is more important ?
Let 's weigh the pros and cons in order to have a clear opinion on this subject .

I usually ask myself `` what am I doing here ? '' while attending a math course .
Indeed like me most of the students I do n't really understand the point of learning math which is totally absract .
It is always about numbers added to each others , multiplied , equations , solutions !
I 'm not very keen on this subject but in this case I see no solution .
For instance , we all know that becoming a brilliant architect or a great physician is impossible without acquiring math notions and knowledge , but how can this knowledge be useful when we do n't really understand how it can be applied on our everyday 's life ?

In biology for example we learn how the human body is constructed , its anatomy , its strengths and weaknesses .
These scientifical facts are useful at any time !
By learning biology we are able to understand the reasons of the consequences : how our brains command each and every move of our body ...

This example also applies to physics as this subject is tought by showing experimental works and displaying to the students the reasons of all the phenomenons that happen on our planet for instance .
Newton 's falling apple lead him to discover gravity that lead to the explanation of other events .
But in the end it is always about math !
These eplanations can only be proved by this important science and that 's the main reason why this subject must be tought , although its useless apperance which veiles one of the most important aspects of sciences .

To put this in a nutshell , it appears that facts would n't exist whitout ideas and concepts as the proof of a general fact is impossible whitout demonstrating hypothesis by experiments and calculus .
Even if facts are closer to reality than concepts , these two topics ca n't be taken apart , they depend on each other .
I beleive that , it is only people who will to take risk would become sucessful .
Once a person is sucessful he would always want to increse his popularity by trying out new things .
He would never want his business or company to be stagnant .
In todays competitive world , people are paid for their creativity and creativity is nothing but trying or finding new ways and things .

First of all let us consider the field of acting .
A moviestar would become sucessful because of a particular kind of role .
For example Shah Rukh Khan , became popular for the role of a lover .
But he doesnt portray the same role in all his movies .
He has acted as a villian , an action hereo etc , and still he is the number one hero in India .
His sucess in the role of a lover boy did not constrain him from trying other roles .
Infact he is one of the most versatile actors in India .
Let us take up industries as another example .
A company would become sucessful for a particular produt say a chocolate .
The people of the company would not stop at this point by selling only their popular product .
Instead they would try to venture other areas like ice creams or even soap or shampoo .
Carrying out the same technique may always not lead to sucess as many other people could have copied the same technique .

Well it is always safe to carry out things the way one already knows and there may be no fear of loss or failurewhile taking a new way may end up in a problem .
I feel it is better to take risks and enjoy the sucess it brings .

Thus taking risk and trying out new ways has its own advantages and disadvantages , one needs to be daring enough to take the risk .
Advertisements usually make products seem much better than they really are .
When a person walks down the street or is walking around in a mall , they are able to see all kind of flyers that exageratet the best characteristics of the products they are advertising making them look better than what they are .

From my personal experience I can say that this is true .
Once when I was around twelve a company called me to see if I wanted to do a comercial for a new cookie that was going to be sold in Panama .
Since I was a kid and they were going to pay me , I said that I would do it , no problem .
When I got to the place , they handed me a script , I was suppose to eat the cookie , and it didnt matter if it was good or bad but i had to pretend that I liked it anyway .
I went to work with other kids that were going to make that cookie look good .

When we started filming , instead of handing us regular cookies out of the box they were special cookies , these were taken appart and they had been added double fudge , so they lookked better , and they were made presentable by some guy who was fixing the vanilla fudge inside the cookie with a knive .
Instead of us using normal cookies from the package , they had to make special cookies that looked better than what they reallt tasted , because i can surely say that the cookies looked good but they didnt really taste that good .

Not only this happens with food but also with toys .
For example the hot wheel comercial for kids look great .
On TV you would think the cars are able to do flips and land back on track and keep going no problem , but once you buy that item , the thing falls appart .
The wheels of the car start falling , it jumps out of the track to never land on it againa , and to put the track together is almost as hard as trying to build a rubiks cube .

In conclusioin Items in advertisements always look better than what they really are , so people can sell them .
This is a selling technique , but you have to be careful , because you can exaggerate what an item does , but you can make it up .
Therefore , to be able to sell something , in the advertisement it has to look better than what it really is , and that is what people usually do , and based from my experience I think that is exactly what goes on .
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

I think that probably younger people have more opportunities to lead a pleasant life , unaware of dangers , economicall worries and age - related illneses ; but I do believe that young people have less wisdom to realize that those opportunities must be well used to get joy in to their lives .

I often see young people overdriven to acomplish things in such a short time , that they cannot possibly realize that they are missing important and joyful experiences on their path .
Young people are more and more feeling the pressure to do a lot , at the cost of enjoying less .
This pressure comes from society , family , their peers , and sadly from themselves , pushing more and more to excel in so many things at the time , that they just end doing everything automatically , without stopping to see what they have acomplished .

Even though older people can be very driven to succeed , years have taugth them that as important as get things done , is the experience of doing them .

I have seen myself stressed and feeling unfulfilled after long hours in a supposedly joyfull experience , as an over planned trip , scheduled by the hour to maximize the eyesightings .
I have also seen my grandfather enjoying himself a lot by just sitting close to the window with a cup of strong tea , reading a magazine or watching the people who pass by the street .

There are pleasures of the older people that cannot compare to some rush and excitement that young people can get from partying all night and leading an accelerated life .
There is the possibility to see the kids grow and become nice people , who will honor the values they where raised in .
And there is of course the possibility to enjoy grandchildren , who can be spoiled by the grand parents while the parents struggle to teach them manners ant get them to bed early .

I also think that older people enjoy more life because they get a sense of a `` job well done '' about their families , jobs or whatever commitment they had in life , whereas young people are still trying to find their purpose .

Older people often have ( or make ) more time , to devote themselves to thing they find enjoyable , as learning something special or talking to people with related interests .
My grandmother spent long hours working two jobs when she was younger to be able to raise her kids , and never had much of a hobby , but now that she has retired , she has found great satisfaction in taking cooking lessons with neighbors that became real friends .

I am finally realizing that life can be more enjoyable than what it has been to me in the past , but this is probably because I am starting to age myself ...
I wonder if as years pass I will find more joy on the little things , and if I will be able to be delighted by seeing the passersby as my grandfather does , but I do think that with age , more things will come too , that will make me very happy .

To summarize , my opinion is that older people enjoy life more than young people , not only because of the oportunities that life present to them , but mainly because of the way they see life .
It is generally agreed that the younth enjoys life more than the older generation does .
However , I will explain why I am not a strong advocate of this belief .

Firstly , most students have a lot of work to do for their studies .
As a student in an engineering school , I have to work a lot in order to pass my exams .
I donot have too much time to spend with my friends .
My parents have more time to invite friends and to attend to cultural events .
I am looking forward to having as much free time as they do .
A lot of retired people are in a good shape and are travelling a lot to discover the world .
I am personally convinced that many of them are enjoying life more than I do .

It should also bear in mind that when we have a job in a company , we are independant and it is for me a top priority .
We have the opportuny to spend our money as we wish .
We can set up a family and spend a nice time with our children .
I woud really appreciate to bring up my chidren and to do my best to enable them to be well educated .
I know that before this , I will have to work very hard to be allowed to go to the universty of my dreams .

Above all , it should not be brushed under the carpet that many young people suffer from the lack of assistance .
Some of them even commit suicide .
Also , some teenagers have to face drug problems that have tremendous effects on their health .
I think that much remains to be done to decrease the rate of these dramatic addictions .

To conclude , I back that young people do not always enjoy life as much as the older generation d. I think that authorities should focus more on the ways to help more the younth .
First of all I would like to write that I am in complete agreement with the statement .
Let me say some of the reasons that support my decision : Since there are more innovations and new thing coming in , the young peolpe spend their time doing things that in the near future do not contribute with the development of their community .

As an example I would like to say some examples about what the young peolple of my country do at the moment and what the young peolple did before .

I remembered when I was at the school , the teachers took us to different places of the city in order to do social activities with the poor people , we braught them food , toys , clothes , and it was really satisfactory for all of us .
In addition to all this activities , at the end of the school , I mean in the last year , we had to do a social project whit the community and it was a part of the grades at the end of the year , but anyway we did that for other reasons ... `` help the people '' .
However , after to have finished the school , I still carry on with this kind of activities and some of friends also do that yet .

On the other hand , when I look at the young people now , I get surpriesed how the life change and how the activities that we used to do it before do not exist right now .
What the zoug people are interested in ? ...
Go to the disco , play x/box , playstation , internet , watching T.V , etc. and some others activities that do not contribute with the integral formation of the person .
I think that much of the behaviours the young people have , are coming from the rapidly change of the world .
However we can not forget that we do not live alone , we live with other people that probably need our help and we have not realised yet ..
I would agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
First of all if you learn to understand concepts it helps you to draw your own conclusions from it .
Which means that by understanding a concept the students are encouraged to think for themselves and maybe even question the concepts .
This is very important to keep the students interested in the subject they are studying .

Another thing that is positive about understanding ideas or concepts is that you get a general idea about it whereas facts most of the time give you a specific information about something which does not let any room for imagination or own thoughts .

In my opinion it is also easier to remember concepts once you understood them than it is to remember facts .
Facts are something that students keep in mind while they are talking about the related topic at school or universities .
When they are finished talking about the topic they also forget most of the facts but somehow the ideas and concepts of it remain and students will remember them for a longer period of time .

Moreover it is the case that you can use most of the concepts that you managed to understand in real life , which means that they remain important even when you are not at school or university anymore .
This is not the case with facts .
As I already said they are linked to one specific topic and you can tell them to someone but they will not be of further use .

The most persuading fact though is that if you forget some facts about something you can find them in text books or in the internet and you can read them again .
It is different with concepts or ideas .
It is very helpful to have someone to explain a concept or an idea so that you can fully understand it and once someone has explained it to you you can be sure that you understood it .
Whereas if you read a concept or and idea in the textbook most of the time it is not as easy to understand .

As you can see I am really convinced that understanding ideas or concepts is much more important than learning facts .
You could simply say that it is more of a long-term use and therefore more practical .
I completely agree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
Younger people enjoy their life more than older people because of the fact that they have to take care of lesser responsbilities than the older ones do .

Younger people need not worry much about their future they need to worry mostly about their subjects , while the older people have to worry about a lot of things ranging from tensions in the office to what to cook tonight .
Younger people enjoy life with their friends they go out for parties and clubs with their friends more frequently then the older ones do , even though older ones go out to party their mind is always preoccupied by tensions .

For older people the burdens keep on increasing day by day and they find little time to enjoy , but for youngsters every second is for enjoyment and they enjoy their nlife to the fullest .
Older people also have the problem of taking care of their children .
Older people also are worried about their future the time after they retire .
Younger people also have the privelage of being taken care of by their parents whenever they have a problem and need not have any worries .
Younger people have the privelege of a number of holidays when they have plenty of time to enjoy their life .

Though most of the younger people enjoy their life more then the older ones there are older people who enjoy life more then the younger ones do , for example Dr. Vijay Mallya who enjoys his life more than any youngster does .

I feel that younger people enjoy more than older people do because they have lesser burdens than the older ones .
They have the privelage of being taken care of by their parents and need not worry much but only have to enjoy .
How to became a successful person ?
i think that nobody could have a right answer for this question , but I 'm sure that it 's something linked with the caracteristics of each different personson .
According to me , in order to start the carrier through the success it 's importand to have a solid base , that means knowledge and experience .
So in the beginning i think that everyone should exploit his qualities in the best way , bulding up a solid structure that helps him to grew up .

when this first step is done , you are able to try new things , to go in fields differents from the one of the basic knowledge : in other words , to risk !

For me , this is the characteristic that makes you a real successful person , because when someone acts in this way means that his really proud and sure about his own possibilities .

I 'll write an example , to better explain this point .
My father used to have a good job , not far away from home , that allows him to get enought money to live his life without any kind of problems .
Some years ago he 's got the opportunity to go to work abroad , chanching company working , far away from his family : he did n't even know much about the new job , but he decided to take this chance , and risk .
I cannot say that my father is the biggest successful man that i 've ever known , but of course he 's got much more success , than if he 'd chosen to continue his previous job .

so , i think that to risk is difficult , but if you want to do `` something '' in your life , of course you have to do it !
And this is applicable for every kind of situation , that means success for what concern your job , family , friends .
Advertisement is the most effective and powerful way of communication .
Companys and corporates spends big a mount of assts on advertisments to make sure that people will buy their products .
In my opinion , advertisements make products seems much better than they really are .

In order to convence costomers of buying certain products , comanys have to convince them that this product is effective in doing whatever it is suppose to do and that what they see is what they get .
Company 's will have to make that product looks like it serves its porpuse and more , regardless of being honest or dishonest .
An adversitment will exaggurate the quality and the effectiveness of a product in order to be convensing .
For example , Some products like hair shampoos have a woman with a long silky hair that emplays that your hair will look like this if you use that shampoo .
This is misleading becuase a shampoo will not make your hair long silky and shiny as shown in advertisment .
Therefore the adversitment in this case is not doing what it is suppose to do .

Most of dvertisements are dishonest and misleading .
When people see and advertisment and decide to buy it , they expect to have what they have been promised to have .
For example , some airlines advertisement say fly with us we are always on time , while when you expect that promise , you end up being delayed 5 hours .
This dishonet misleading adversitment leads to resentment and the company looses its credibility .

Adversitments are not always what they seem to be .
Comanys and corporate will do anything to mak their products look better than they really are in order to get as many customers as possible .
The most effective way is to communicate thier products to the costomers through adversitments .
Adversitments work on a consious and a subconsious level , therefore people should use their critical thinking when looking at an adversitment becaus what they see is not usually what they get .
There is no doubt in saying that successful people try new things and take risks .
I agree with this statement cent percent .
In my view success comes when we try out something new .
Doing the things what we already know does not pave way to success .

For example , scientists try out new things in order to invent or discover things .
For instance , take the example of Mr. Thomas Alva Edison who is a successful scientist .
He took many risks and tried new things thereby inventing a lot of things we use today .
Likewise Madam Curie who took great risk in discovering radium was a very successful scientist in this world .

The reason for taking risks , in my view , is to reach out for new things and innovation there by getting success .
By doing the same things does not give us a chance to grow .
Another field which we can imply this statement is the field of business .
The basic rule of the business as far as I know is the ability to take risks at required times .
Without taking risks the business will not develop .
The entire commercial field and advertising field rely mostly upon the new things and risks .
The successful business persons in the past and present support this statement because they must have taken risk at some point of time .

In the field of information technology also innovation is very important and it is the basis of that field because it is a ever changing field .
We can add the space technology , biology , genetics and lot more fields in this list .
Whatever field and whatever conditions may be one has to take risks and try out new things in order to get success .
It is widely believed that youth is synonimous of happiness , health and well-being .
According to my experience , I think that in this respect youth is a concept that should be more related to the soul rather than to the biological age .

I have met two groups of young people .
The first group is formed by those people who really enjoy life and live in a healthy and happy way .
Despite their age and few experience , they are able to handle life issues in a very creative and optimistic manner .
The second group is formed by those who face life as a battle where they have to fight with each other , as in a competition , missing the beauty of the journey , always looking to the goal .
Most of the time , the latter group , because of their lack of experience and wisdom , may find themselves trapped in their own personal psychological conflicts , which prevents them from enjoying life fully .

It goes the same for the elderly .
There are , according to my experience , two groups .
On the one hand , there is the group of healthy people who really enjoy life , most of the time even much better than most of young people .
These people are wiser and have learnt how to better deal with life challenges .
They are healthy and are engaged in plenty of outdoors and indoors activities .
They really deserve admiration and respect , and should be regarded accordingly .
On the other hand , there is the group of people who is always living in the memories of a past that is never coming back , with regrets and sadness .
People , who have not became wiser but , instead , melancolic and angry .
People who , probably due to personal circumstances , have lost their joy and the taste for life .

So , I do not agree neither disagree with the above-mentionned statement , since I believe that age is in the soul and in the person 's feelings rather than in the physical appearance and biological age .
It is a much debatted topic in psychology , in companies or among friends what actually makes a successful person successful .
Are there certain characteristic that all successfull people have in common ?
Characteristics that are essential ?
Do we for example need to be risktakers in order to be successful ?

Sometimes it is stated that successful people are not satisfied with things they arelady know how to do well .
They do not rest on their achievments but rather go out , explore , take risks and are willing to do and try out something new .

I would say that there are a lot of different ways to be successful .
It is not only depending on the definition of success ( is not the same for everybody ) , but also on the area or subject in which you are working or lets say be successful .

For example someone that has a certain speciality can be successful in a certain profession without that above stated charactersitic .
A model for instance just looks very well and s/he can be very successful in her subject without ever going new ways or taking risks .
S/he just has to stick on what s/he already knows .

In other areas I would say it is definitively essentail to be a risktaker .
For example when you are working in a research department it is essential that you have good and new ideas .
That characteristic is necessary to be able to perform this job well because if you are always just thinking about what you already know there would never be any progress .
Another example is when you want to open up an own business .
You are definitley going a new , unexplored way by doing this because you cannot predict for sure how things will develope .

In my opinion it is not essential to try new things or take risks in order to be succesful .
I would rather use this statement the other way around : When you are risktaker and you like to explore new things you are more likely to be successful than a person that always sticks to the things s/he already knows .
Especiallz the elderlz often complain about the younger genreation .
In their opinion the zouth does no longer spend much time of beneficial things to their communitz .
I think that 's true .
In the following I want to point our = t several reasons why .

First , there is a more severe competition among young people on jobs than in the past .
Nowadays the youth has to work harder to obtain their goals in their professional life .
As a result activities that do not reward in the short run , like helping in the community , are no longer on the schedule of the youth .
Despite the honour of politicians and new laws to strenghten the juristical position of voluntary work , many abstain from it .

Second , in my opinion people are now more individual than earlier .
Young persons occupy themselves with TV or video games .
Spending their time alone with no , or little interest in other peoples affairs seems to be more atrractive .
This egoistical behaivior can be found in a current published '' Shell Studie '' .
As the study points out lesser and lesser young peole are enganged in public interest activities like foodball clubs or scout organisations .

Finally , acoording to the study we can assume that more persons are not willing to work hard for other individuals .
As a result , oing something to your commmunity is always connected with some labour .
Most citizens think to lead a foodball club for kids , for example , can be no fun at all !
It is generally thought that having a beer in a pub or at home is more valuable spend freetime .
But is it really ?
I think not , working with children is quite satisfying .
Monitoring their progress and celebrate victories with the team is real fun , as I know from my own experience .

To sum up , a fully agree with the statement .
Besides political ambitions are visible , only view individuals are engaged in helping their communities .
Many believe that in the earlier stage of life , you are most likely to have more ` fun ' than that of in the later stage .
There is even a saying in Korea which says , when translated , ` Enjoy life whilst you 're still young ! '
.
My opinion on this topic is that , people 's enjoyment in life does n't depend on the age of that human being , but the perspective , experiences they have encountered , and the situation the people are in .

My reasons for believing this is because firstly , personally looking at my parents , hearing their experiences of their daily-lives , I picture happy , laughing , relaxed people , not stressed over homework , projects , tests , what they 're going to be later on in their life , or their duties in the house .
Occasionally I even wish I was a fully grown person , to have a job , and not stress over of choosing what job I 'm going to get .
I believe that I am not the only one who has ideas simliar to this , especially 12th grade students , who are preparing to play their role as a fully grown adult in the society .

Secondly , sometimes when my parents have too much to do , they tend to look at my sister and I and say something along the lines of ` You are very lucky to be so young , not to have any worries or concerns on the problems of the real world ' .
They say that they wish they could go back in time and re-live their lives as an adolesence .

Summing up , I think that every human being has a different opinion on this topic whether old or young , affected by their personal experiences , the environment around them , and the situations they are in .
A young one may look like they \ re enjoying life to another older person , and visa versa .
From my point of view having broad knowledge of many academic subjects might sound to many people boring and at some point useless .
Why would someone study more when you can just specialize in one specific subject and be ready for the world in a shorter period of time ?

I kind of disagree with the statement presented .
I believe that the more you know , the more you are prepared for life .
Having broad knowledge of many academic subjects might help you to develop yourself more as a person and as a profesional .
When you specialize in one specific subject , you might be missing the chance of learning more and being more complete .
You limit yourself to not to go forward , not to learn more about things that might interest you and to not be even more prepared at a profesional scale .

I do not mean that specializing in one specific subject is the biggest mistake you could possibly ever make in your life , but i do think that we have a lot to learn and that we never stop learning .

Knowing more does not harm anyone and may bring you piece of mind .
It feels great when you realize how much you know about some subjects which at some point you found useless to know about before , but when the time comes you realize how wrong you would have been if you would not have made the decision of amplify your horizons and learning as much as you can learn .
For example , learning another language is a really good thing to do .
You never really know when could you actually be needing that second language until you find yourself in the need of it .
Many companies want that their employees could talk at least one or two more languages than the one which is their mother language , but unfortunately not everybody is prepared .

Being prepared is about having the enough knowledge that could guide you through life .
People react to everyday life in different ways .
There are some human beings who prefer to follow the ` known way ' in each of the activities they perform .
There are some others who always prefer to experience new things and new , probably risky , ways of reacting to problems or stimula from the outside .
I firmly believe that these are the people who often demonstrate to be the most succesful in their lives .

Taking risks and exploiting new solutions are universally recognised as the characteristics of succesful leaders .
Business world is full of examples of people who took risks and had great success .
CEOs of the most succesful companies in most of the cases are succesful themselves because they decided not to follow their sheer experience , but to take risks .
Mr Jobs from Apple Co , for example , put most of the resources of R & D department of his company to exploit a new area of business , the MP3 one , when its company was facing a serious crisis .
His decisions were the right ones .
History has proved how the perceptions he had about the potentialities of that NEW product were right .

However , the business field is not the only one where people proved to be succesful by trying new things .
When talking about Italian politics in the early eighteenth century it always appears that the most commonly cited name is the one of Marco Rossi .
This famous politician was considered a fool when he proposed , first in the country , to pass an act to consider to give also to women the right to vote .
He took the political risks of his proposal , which was totally new for that period .
After that he had worldwide approval and success , just beacuse he took the risk of a new action .

Anyway not only famous people can be taken as examples .
In everyday life there is plenty of normal people that are considered succesful by the ones who know them because they decided to experiment .
For example in a small village the first person who moves away to another area or even country is often considered as a hero for his village fellows .
As before , he took the risk and tried new things ( i .
d : moving ) .

This makes the idea of experiencing new routes and things stronger into my mind .
Being succesful is hard but it is proved that taking reasonable risks and following unexperienced territories helps .
This happens not just in famous human beings ' lives , but also to normal people .
People are always trying to achieve success in their lives .
No everyone will be a successful person because it might involve many personal characterists .
I really agree that a successful person is someone who tries new things and takes risks .

Jason , a friend of mine , is a good example of a person who tries new things .
Jason was unhappy with what he was doing in his job , then he decided to quit it and open his own bussiness .
For many years he saved his money and after last summer he decided to run his own office .
He oppened a new kind of drug-store that I have never seen before .
His clients buy medication over the phone without having to leave their house , everything is done over the phoner or via email and all merchandise are delivered at people 's door .
Jason has been so successful with this new bussiness that he is thinking about to open another drug-store .
He made last month more than three thousand dollars .

A successful person is someone who takes risks .
Maria , my friend from my Medical School , is another good example of a successful person .
She graduated as a doctor in 1995 and since there she actuelly never worked as a doctor .
Instead , she prefered to run her own company .
She started selling medical equipments to big hospital and started importing medical supplies from United States .
She took a huge risk on her hands by leaving a career as a doctor to become a simple seller is a big risk , but she didnt care about it .
Now she manager the biggest medical supply company in South America and she became a rich and prosper bussiness woman .

To sum up , being a successful person in life requires some particular personal characteristics .
A successful person is someone who things about new ideas and makes this ideas work , but not only that , a successful person is also someone who takes risks even this can ruin his/her intire life .
`` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
My decision to agree or disagree on this topic might depend a lot on the definitions of young people and old people .
Let us decide , for the sake of clarity that a young person is someone who is below the age of 25 , who is still in undergraduate college and older people are people above the age of 50 who have achieved financial securities in their lives and are about to attain their retirement age .
Still with this definition too , its hard to actually quantify enjoyment .
Looking at the situtation from a broader perspective though , I would sure say that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Let me put forward a case which might explain my point in detail .

Take for example , the things that young people do in their leisure time .
They hang around with their girl friends / boy friends and other close friends , they party out , they go for movies , discotheques and they take pleasue from all sorts of entertainments available on this planet .
On the other hand , you would n't expect the same behaviour from older people .
They would rather stay at home and enjoy the pleasure and warmth the home has to provide .
Sipping by the sunday afternoon 's tea , eating biscuits , watching their grandsons play in the garden is how many old people visualize their leisure time to be spent .
They have actually witnessed a lot in the 50 years span of their lives , that these little things in nature bring a great deal of enjoyment to them than anything else .

Also , older people benefit a great deal through their experience .
They know how the world works .
They are better equiped with dealing the ups and downs of life .
Also , they have financial security and are more cautious in the decisions they make .
Thus , a great deal of your happiness depends on these small things in life .
Older people are better organized in sorting out these small things in life .
On the other hand , most youth are in a confused state of mind .
They 're still maturing day by day learning how cruel the world can be at times .
Also , they are not financially secure .
Young people often take decisions in haste for which they repent later .

Thus , as we have seen above , `` enjoyment '' depends a great deal on how it is quantified and defined .
It rather depends on a particular individual as to whether he has enjoyed his life more in his youth or when his hairs turned grey .
But it so happens , that your best years are your undergraduate years when you study in college and are away from your parents .
This is the time where you meet new people and foster relations that you remember them for the rest of your life .

So looking objectively at the situation , young people can get a great deal out of life than their older counterparts can .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

I am sure that the only way to learn is to try new things .
People have to learn their whole life to be successful .
We start learning on the day that we are born and after university this process should not stop .
In the modern business world there are always many competitors who want to have the same position .
So you have to have some skills which make you special and these skills you can not get if you are afraid of new things .
If people want to be successful they need to be brave and take responsibility for their actions .
In addition , they need to have the power and strenght to fail and stand up again .

In my opinion , the reason why so many people do not want to change a situation or to try something new lies in their mentality .
I think that many people are afraid of trying new things because they do not want to fail .
They think that it is easier , more comfortable and better for their image to stay in one job position than to try something they are not an expert in .
I think that people sometimes are rather lazy and do not see a reason in changing a comfortable situation .
In my opinion , the only way to reach higher positions and success is to leave this comfort behind for a certain period of time and to be brave enough to accept the possibility of failure .
Otherwise you always stay in the same position .

Nevertheless , there are more aspects of success .
I think that luck , networking , social skills , the ability to work in teams and continuity are extremely neccessary factors for success .
From the topic given , I would like to view it from a different perspective than just agreeing or disagreeing to it .
Education life starts from Class 1 till about class 12 ( This is the ideal situation here in India ) .
From classes 1 to 10 students are given an overview of subjects from diverse fields such as Science , history , geography , literature , languages , and offcourse humanities .
I believe this is a favourable situation for children who are in their growing phase .
This is because , since the children are educated about different fields , they have a better understanding of the world they live in .
I believe just as knowing Newton 's laws of motion are essential , in the same way knowing the History of Indian freedom struggle is as important .
The child broadens his horizon , and becomes a better informed person .
Knowing diverse fields is also beneficial because we live in a society .
We arent isolated people and we need to interact with people and systems from all walks of life .
Would it be justifiable to have limited knowledge in this situation ?

When children live in a society they should have general knowledge of the various aspects of life and society .
However taking this stance , I do not refute the question of specializing in one single field .
As a child grows up , becomes an adult , he decides the kind of proffesion he wants to take .
For example I wanted to become an Accountant .
So after my junior school , that is after my class 10 , I took up commerce as my speciality subject .
This way after my initial years of learning about the world in general , I could concentrate on the subject , I wanted to make a career on .
Isnt that justified ?
Let me give a funny example .
Suppose I just specialized in commerce throughout junior school , extending to senior school and beyond , and finally became a successful accountant .
One day when my child grows up and asks me a simple question about the solar system , and the number of planets in it , do you think I would be confident of my answer ?
I would be fumbling , and searching the encyclopedia for possible answers .
The thought in itself is not very encouraging .
So I believe initial knowlegde of diverse fields in junior school , there after specialization in college would serve our requirments better .

Since the topic mentiones `` academic subjects '' I presumed the subjects taught in an academic environment .
So such subjects and such a practice of general study or specialization can only happen in a school .
Therefore in the above stated opinion I concentrated on children to illustrate my argument in a better fashion .
I personally believe the statement above to be false .
It is important to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects but at the same time it is crucial to be specialized on something if one wants to be successful .
A well-rounded individual is not good enough when it comes to living through life .

Schools teach pieces and bits of every subject to students .
This is the part of their intelectual career in which they are introduced to all the different areas of knowledge ; when their basic fundemantals are created .
In this stage the student is able to explore all the different areas , and decide which of these is his / her interest .
This does not mean that the student has to pick one , but at least narrow down the list .
Once school is over , students have their basic pillars of the academic subjects created .

College is the next step to specialization .
Students now decide where they want to specialize .
If everybody had broad knowledge on everything and no specialities , society would not function correctly .
A town needs a baker , a doctor , and a blacksmith ; these are not tasks that can be accomplished by everyone .
For example , farming is a task that requires a lot of knowledge on the subject and dedication .
If everybody had just some broad knowledge on the subject , crops would not grow very efficiently , so there might not be enough food to support the town .
The town would not be able to survive if there are no professionals in each area since all the jobs that have to be done would not be accomplished to their best .

It is fundamental to be introduced to all the areas of academic knowledge , to have a broad understanding on each subject area , but that is not enough for a society to function .
In a society there has to be a certain degree of organization in order for it to run as expected : individuals should comprehend what their role in society is and fully accomplish it in order to run smoothly .
If everybody is specialized on something he/she likes , then the task will most probably be done as best as possible , and at the same time , as a whole , form a well-rounded society .
`` The new Generation '' is a very critisized topic these days .
Young people often give out the example of a modernised generation who care about nothing but temselves and how to stay entertained .

Even though young people always seem to be preocupied with themselves , they do care , in a way , about helping their communities .
It is true that they do not show it as much as older people do but that does not mean that this new generation does not care about helping their communities .
After all , they are part of their community , so by helping it they end up helping themselves .

For example , young people will tend to help their communities by making it seem more enjoyable .
They will plan numerous activities for different events , like trick or treeting and costume parties for Halaween .
By doing that they entertain people of all sorts of age : children will be happy as well as their parents who will enjoy spending time with their family .
Now of course this example might not be very revealent for older people who think that by helping the community you must decrease the number of unemployments , help the elderly , organise charity events ...
but younger people , are not always aware of the importance of these sorts of problems , which is why they do not give it attention .
This does mean that teenagers do not care about these social problems but it will take more time for them to understand how important they are for the community .

By saying that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' , we give out the impression that they are spoiled kids who do not give attention to their environment .
That is why i disagree with this statement .
Both teenagers and children help their society by not even noticing .
For example , they are aware of not throwing their rubbish on the streets .
By knowing that they help decrease the pollution rising in our world today .
Of course , they would not be helping their communtity as much as adults do , but it is a fresh good start that proves that this lack of care of the `` new generation '' is not always true .
I certainly agree with the claim that most advertisements ( re - ) present their products much better than they , in fact , are .
One can easily find the first-hand evidence from their very impressions about the advertisements surrounding us , be it a TV commercial or a poster .
More importantly , though , it is the very logic of consumer culture that reveals this fact .

If one is too look around her \ himself at anytime of the day , it would not be difficult for one to realize that we are under the bombardament of advertisements trying to make us believe that their product is the best .
This is the moment when one could realize , if s \ he is not too blind , the fact that all products could not be the best at the same time .
Apparently , however , the very aim of each of these ads .
is to make us believe that their product is superior to others .
In our everday lives , do n't we see that some products we buy in the supermarket sometimes turns out to be a disaster for us ?
Moreover , do n't we promise ourselves that we are not going to buy a product again just because it is presented well ?

Subsuming these sorts of everday experiences but definetly going beyond them is the logic of consumer culture which is intimatly linked to capitalism , constituting a more abstract evidence that enables us to see that the aforementioned argument is a well-grounded one .
The seduction one is exposed to in his everday life is not independen from , and indeed very much realted to , the fierce competition between the companies to get high profits and their making high profits depends on your consumption .
As you consume more and more their chances to make profits increase .
Not only that though .
You have to consume their products .
And to make sure that , they
It is often said that one should be good at a special field .
However , I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
The main reasons are that modern society require students to a lot of special skills and many specific subjects are beneficial for students to get a job .

To begin with , today 's society demand students for a wider variety of skills such as economics , langages , sports .
Although student had to give up so many things llke as he spend time playing with friends , studying many academic subjects compensate for his future life .
For example , these days are more and more globalized , many students are able to speak a couple of foreign langages such as English , Chiness , Japanese .

In addition , a student with many special research areas tend to easily get job that he want to work .
For instnace , last year , my cousin entered the Samsung , which is one of the world famous companies because he had majored several subjects while University .
HIs research fields are economics , eletronic engeneerings which impresses on interview In conclusion , I strongly believe that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects are better than speciallizing in one specific sugject becaus current society require students many skills and most firms consider into student 's various subjects .
I have travelled abroad for more than five times .
Half of the travels I made was with a tour guide , while the other half did n't .
I have to admit that traveling with a tour guide in a group is really a easier way to travel .
Everything is planned by the tour guide .
You do n't need to worry about where to stay in the next stop , how to get the next destination .
However , if I have time to make travel plans in advance , I prefer travel on my own .

I can take my time to enjoy the journey more when traveling alone than with a tour group .
I like going to museums , seeing art displays and savoring the exotic cuisines .
I can keep my own pace in the journey and really have a good look at the cities .
The travel plans made by the travel agencies are often too packed for me .
I do n't like to be in a hurry .

The other thing that I like to travel alone is that I do n't need to put up with other people in a tour group .
Sometimes I mett members in the tour group that really have bad habits .
For example , I 've been in a tour group , and one of the members in the group was often late for the scheduled time .
As a result , the whole group had to postpone our next schedule just because of his lateness .

Compared with traveIing in a group with a tour guide , I enjoy traveling by myself more .
In this way , I can really see what I want to see and I do n't have to face the inconveniences caused by some members in the tour group .
In the world today , it is definetly much better to have a broad knowledge of several academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject without having the knowledge of the other subjects .
However , it should be a priority in life to have both .
As people learn about the various subjects , they can conclude which subject is to their most interest and that subject will be the one in which that person will specialize in the future .

For one , as a cultural purpose it is important to have the knowledge that the world offers .
If someone is a Doctor for example , and they do n't know about the world of politics , or about history , about writing , music , etc , than they will be considered ignorant .
It is essential to be able to flow in a conversation with different types of people .
In the case of a Doctor who is from the United Staes , if he/she is having a conversation with a Doctor from Bolivia , than it is important for him/her to know about the country 's history , political status , culture or issues .
If this Doctor meets with an artist , than he/she should know about the arts in order to flow in that conversation .

Another example could be a student .
If a student wants to be a journalist , that person must have the broad knowledge about all academic subjects in order to be able to write about each different topic .
Also in a college interview or in a job interview , you never know what they are going to ask you .
It is extremely important for a person to be highly aware about everything in the world .
Everything is connected .

Even for the future , when one has retired from their specialized job they will have for the rest of their lives , the knowledge and the experience of the many academic subjects that enrich the world .
When they say `` you only have one life , so live it '' , this quote applies to gaining this enrichment of the knowledge that a human being can aquire .
I agree with the statement , and think that more should be done by people to help their communities .
First of all , it 's easy to notice that many young boys spend their time in videogame centers , wasting a lot of time and doing nothing useful for the community .
Besides , even if they spend hours in such amusement places , they do n't look happy at all .
Probably this is due to the lack of human relationships that emerge from spending time with videogames , so I think that if they start spending their time in helping their community they will both use their time in a better way and be happier .
For example , they could perform acts for entertaining old people .
This would make them make friends among other player , and let them show their ability in singing or playing , or just let them enjoy in an environment that doens't require any professional skill .

Another useful activity young people could do for their community would be go to elementary schools and sensibilize kids about the problem of bullism , in an age where it emerges .
If older people , like teachers , explain children that bullism is a bad , meaningless , completely unuseful thing , kids will probably start behaving even worse , to show that they are strong and `` adult '' enough to oppose teacher suggestions .
Conversely , if young boys or girls in the age of 20s , who are often seen as a model by kids , explains that `` being a bull is not cool at all '' , then studens usually start to behave better .
I know it seems strange , but I can say it by a personal experience of mine that it really works .

Anyway I am happy to notice that some developments has occurred .
For example , in my childhood there was not so much attention on the conditions of the riversides of my city main river .
They were really dirty , you could find anyhing there , from bicycles to refrigerators , from old TV sets to washing machines .
However now , once a year , during a spring event people clean for free those riversides , and in few years it became a nice river where some people start even to fish , something that was unbeliveable until about ten years ago .
This makes me confident in thinking that more and more nice activities will be developed , and that more and more people will devote their time to useful activities that help their communities and , I think , their own life too .
Since their first appearance on the market , cars had gone through an outstanding increase concerning their rate of production .
It is starting from this idea that I do not agree with the statement .
In fact , looking back at history an evident growth of cars production can be seen , together with a rapid development of competition between the cars industries that are also forced to follow people 's needs .

First of all , since their first production during the 1920's ( with Tom Ford ) , cars have gradually gained an even bigger role in society .
Their introduction into people 's lives started to completely revolutionize their everyday lives and their standards .
People obtained the possibility of moving throughout their country and to become more independent .
Since then , cars have become part of our lives , even influencing our deicisions and our plans .
It is for this reason that today 's cars production has more than doubled its sells and it is still continuing to do so .

Secondly , I do not agree with the statemetn because competition among industries producing cars is pushing their production to augment instead of decreasing it .
In today ' s society it is fundamental to invest and make money , therefore competition between industries is reaching really high levels .
It is due to this increasing competition and rivalry that cars production is not going to stop and not even to slow down .

Finally , cars producers are also following people 's need in society and , since our requests and needs are increasing and changing as time goes by , the production of cars is following our demands .
People from all over the world need such a fundamental mean of transportation in order to travel , work and fullfill their own goals .
When industries decide to sell a product , they first refer themselves to society 's and people 's needs and since cars are even more present and necessary to us , their production is continuing to proceed in a positive way .

These three points are the reason why I do not agree with the statement .
Not only I base myself on historical evidence , but I also analyse the influence people 's needs have and the companies ' interest in producing something which is worth selling .
If you only do what you already know how to do well , you would definitely be good at what you are doing .
But to achieve success or victory , you need more than that .
It is quite impossible to say that success comes without any pain .
In order to be successful at one thing , you should accept to take risks .
That 's why in my opinion successful people are those who dare to take risks .

We can see a lot of examples in the history showing that successful people always take risks .
For example during Second World War , Churchill made a very risky plan and ordered to all allied forces for a surprise attack .
If his plan was unsuccessful , it would have led to the victory of Hitler over the world .
But Churchill made it and became victorious , that victory also made him one of the most successful stateman of the history .
The essential point in his victory was the courage to take a risk .

We can also state that in business , rich and successfull people are always the ones who took a lot of risk in their lives .
The famous deed collector Donald Trump is a recent example of success .
After his bankrupt several years ago , he did not stop working , in contrast he took more risks to build up his empire again .
And finally he became very rich again , that was his success by taking risks .

Furthermore , taking risks and trying new things are not only a way to success but also a crucial step for self improvement .
People can gain more life experience by taking risks and trying new things .
On the other hand those who choose to do only what they know to do and nothing more , can not go further and be successful .

Finally , I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks because as they say `` No pain , no gain '' .
People can learn through different methods .
Some have an easiness for remembering charts , pictures or other graphics while others learn faster by literal means .
The quality of the retention of those facts varies according to the way they retain them .

When a student understands the idea of what he is doing , he can implement observations of his own .
When one understands something , it is much more probable to imply or discover the rest of the details .
He may even add new ideas .
Once you get the big picture of one concept and understand it , your mind can analyze it , judge it and compare it to former experiences .
Understanding a concept makes it last much longer in the memory .
We have a limited memorization time and space .
For example , if you memorize your credit card number , you will remember it for a period of time .
Once you stop using that number , the most probable thing is that you will forget it in a few months .
Our memory works best when we put to practice concepts and understand their functions and structures .

On the other hand , simply learning facts leads to being able to hold back more details .
You may know everything there is to know about a certain theme , but if you cannot understand it , you cannot change it or handle it .
Think of it this way .
Pretend you make a new friend .
You may have read about this person before .
You may know everything about him , from his blood type , to his hobbies , to his tastes , even his habits .
If you do not understand the person , you cannot deal with him , or even maintain a lasting friendship .
To truly know that person you must not only know about him , but also know him .

To conclude , my opinion is that it is more important if you can understand rather than just retain facts .
When you understand , you have the ability to change it , experiment it and even handle it .
If the knowledge of a student is going to last him for a lifetime , the best way of remembering facts is to understand them .
Whether having broad knowledge of many topics is better than specializing in an specific one is not an easy question , and often , not even our choice , since it 's determined by our education .
Even though it 's an issue applicable to all fields in life , I 'll narrow it down to a professional point of view , and how being a very specialized person can be very positive at work , but can also significantly damage your career path .

The best way to start the discussion is by illustrating the issue with an example which I 'm relatively familiar with .
There are many companies currently developing new mobile phone networks , which results in an enormous investment in highly qualify telecom engineers .
The market value of an experienced engineer in `` 3G '' network deployment can be measured in terms of hundreds of thousands of dollars .
The learning and development opportunities , as well as the earning potential , are very attractive .

On the other hand , there are other telecom professionals who rather have a slower progression by broadening their knowledge .
`` In order to be prepared for the future changes , it 's better to know a bit of everything '' , would be their milestone .
They may not be so successful in 3 years time , but when the development of the new technology starts to die off , the knowledge and expertise they 've acquired in other fields will open them doors that wo n't be available for those who specialised in that one specific subject , which is no longer `` fashionable '' .

These advantages and drawbacks can be extended to all aspects of life .
A case that will sound familiar to everyone is that smart member of our family who can talk about everything , but when you ask him for deeper detail on certain topic , can only give vague responses .
This is one of many examples that can be found in real life .

As I said at the beginning , having a very broad range of knowledge is often dictated by our education to a certain extent ; but we 'll always have the option to specialize in a more specific topic , or guide our knowledge to a more open and general approach , by spending as long as we possibly can studying about it .
People who live and work in big cities have to deal with traffic .
It may take even more than a few hours of their lives everyday .
If there were fewer cars , the problem would be solved .
But how to decrease the number of cars ?
The solution is mass transportation .
I believe that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there is today .

The city planners are working on new roads as well as new ways of mass transportation .
Especially underground or lightweight railway systems are getting popular .
When the quality and the number of these mass transportations increase , there will be less need for cars .

The cars are causing air and noise pollution all around the world .
The hybrid cars are being developed but not being used .
On the other hand , new mass transportation vehicles are not polluting the world .

Mass transportation is economical as well .
It contributes to national economy as well as household economy .
The fuel energy cars are using and the time spent in traffic are bad for national and international economy .

The world is going through an important phase concerning world peace .
The wars started for gaining the use of petrolium are increasing rapidly in the Middle East .
These wars are started because of petrolium corperations and their urges to have more power .
The companies are also pressurising the governments to increase the building of roads and selling of cars .
If people and governmen

I believe that people and the governments will come to an understanding that mass transportation is a must for the whole world .
Mass transportation will improve world economy , decrease pollution and traffic .
Does having knowledge in all types of academic subjects is better than being an expert on only one single subject ?
Actually I both agree and disagree about it .
Because both of them has advantages in some sort of areas .

A person must always try to learn more and more in my opinion .
Because it is a key to success .
A person who is able to speak about every subject gets respect from people .
Because by this he/she can prove himself to everyone in every field .
For example in social life or in bussines .
If a person has an idea and thoughts about every argument or debate he is in , he will just keep getting respect from people .
I am not saying that a person must be a genius in every fields .
He only has to gain some information to prove that he has thoughts to be considered by people .
If you want to be taken serious by them you must gain respect and this is a way for it .

But a person who is an expert on what he does as a job , gets respect in only his field .
But this is not a disadvantage for the person because it is an aim which he should have .
For example , a plactic surgeon who has mastered in his field , gets more patients .
The patients who are satisfied by his work tells his name to their friends and this chain will go on and on .
By this , the surgeon will have a good reputation .
And this reputation he has will return him by more patients .
And the surgeon will be successful in his main aim by working as a surgeon : making money for a living .

In my opinion a person must have knowledge in every areas of work , arts , academic subjects etc. to gain respect in social life .
But he/she must has to be a master in his area which he does as a job if he wants to gain respect from community .
A good teaching can adopt different forms and pedagogic pathes , but the most appropriate way to learn efficiently lays in the method adopted , in order to understand things , rather than simply learning them .

At the very beginnning of our scholar ` career ' , we learn by heart a whole bunddle of things : poetry , multiplication tables , grammatic rules , definitions , and so on ...
But most of these learnings are ment to help us work faster without having to waste time in searching and understanding : this is the case for instance of the multiplication tables ( even though we know how they work ... ) .
All these items are also usually the bases to acquire a good memory and to enable us to learn more and more , always further .

Yet , in many cases , learning by heart will not be sufficient if not accompanied by a full understanding .
If considering for instance the case of a mathematics formula , it will only be efficiently applicable if its necessity and logic is understood , so it can be utilized appropriately .
An idea will be better defendable or criticable if all of its arguments are well known and understood .
A concept will be optimized and well utilized if its functioning is evident and logical .

Moreover , being aware of the origin of an idea or concept , understanding its evolution and purpose , will help undoubtfully in its appropriation and memorization .
It will help acquiring its own opinion or vision of it , as its entire process is known and understood .

Yet , other things will not necessarely need to be understood in order to learn .
Some facts cannot be understood , or their understanding would be way too complicated , useless and timewasing to enable us to advance in a learning process , depending on what the goals of the student are .
In this case , one can learn without understanding , as it will help advance further in learning more and more , which is the main objective .
I completely agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two main reasons for that : they give a perfect appearance of an object that is not always that beautiful , and they represent some products as being able to do things that are quite improbable .

First of all , most advertisements work on the physical aspect of the product in the picture or commercial .
This is intented to show a perfect physical aspect of the product , but this does n't always reflect the reality .
For example , when you watch a McDonald 's commercial , they give the burgers a much prettier image than the one you will actually hold in your hand when you order it yourself .
Another example would be makeup commercials , in which all products seem to have a magical effect , when in fact , the lighting and beautiful models boost their apparent efficiency .
These representations are intended to make the consumer buy the product , but he or she will most probably be disappointed when trying it .

Second of all , most advertisements display their products as being able to do things that are quite improbable , or at least very difficult .
One major example for this is car advertising on television , which may show the vehicle climbing cliffs , engaging on racing tracks , or going into wild nature without any problem .
In each case , and for any vehicle advertised , the product is not only shown as being adapted for these actions , it is also presented as the better one .
This is surely not possible for all of those cars , at least not with an everyday-life driver .

Although some of the advertisements may represent products accurately , the marketing rules lead advertisers to make strong endeavors to represent the product as well as they can to attract the consumer , even if it is not the exact reality .
The issue at hand is whether to succeed in life is it worthwile to take a risk or continue with routine standardised pattern of doing thinks .
The issue is important because it directly relates to how does the behavior of humans may effect in their being successful .
I believe that by trying out new things and taking risks there are more chances to become sucessful in life rather than doing a routine task or repetitive task at which a person is good at .

The reason which makes me belive that taking risks is essential for succeeding because by trying out something new we come up with new set of results which can be helpful if we comprehend these results properly .
In past people used to belive that earth was the centre of universe and all bodies like sun , moon revolve around it .
If Copernicus would not have thought the idea that it is sun which is stationary then people would have continued to live in ignorance and no major astronomical discoveries would have taken place .
Thus thinking in routine way or doing things this way present serious obstacles to development of man kind .

Secondly by doing things which we already know how to do we are wasting the immense power of human mind and its creativity .
Suppose if a student is thaught in class to draw lines , boxes after sometime the student will probably would have learned it well so there is no new thing which can be done but if student tries to experiment with different patterns , curves and probably using different colours he may come up with a new kind of art form , doing things like art require people to use creativity and think out of the box rather than routine tasks .

Furthermore i feel that by doing some experiments and risk taking behaviour is essential for new scientific discoveries .
The basic aim of practical sessions conducted is to prove that the practical results comply with theory .
When Dunlop was working in his lab with rubber tyres he mixed some sulphur while heating the rubber which led to invention of vulcanised rubber , although not sure about toughness and properties of it he fitted these new tyres in his sons bicycle , thus he found out that new quality of rubber was much better than old rubber and hence he used his idea and thus wa able to esatablish new company with his new invwention .
Thus his risk taking behavior had truly paid off , had he been doing same routine taks he would have never succeded .

Thus taking risks and doing experimentation to challenge established theories and rules play a pivotal role in success of human beings rather than just doing routine things .
I believe that success will follow those who challenge the established things rather than those who like to do only same things and are unidimensional in their appraoch towards life and work .
With great sadness i will have to say that the statement that young people these days do not give enough time to helping their communities is absolutely accurate and true .

The present generation has become selfish and very goal - oriented which leads them to ignore things that really matter such as helping one 's community .
The chidren nowadays just want things for themselves and forget about the interest of the public in general .
Peer pressure and pressure from the society to achieve goals have lead the present generation to forget about helping the society as a whole .

These days the concepts of family values , traditions and culture have lost their meaning and the young people often end up neglecting these important concepts .
Things such as community service , helping out the old and infirm and respecting one 's parents have gradually declined and the younger generation has become essentially selfish in nature .

Young people nowadays value other things more such as spending time with friends , going for movies etc etc all of which have assumed great importance .
The selfishness of the present generation is seen in the way they achieve their goals .
Most of them are ruthless in their manner and will stop at nothing to get what they want .

Very few youngsters actually understand the true meaning of helping the community .
The community plays an important role in shaping a person-his desires , actions , thoughts , opinions etc .
All these are very much influenced by the community to which he belongs .
Interaction with members of our community is absolutely essential for us to grow , form opinions and most importantly , to become a better person .

What is required is a change in the thinking of these youngsters .
They have to realise that there is nothing more important than helping one 's own community , family and society .
Ignoring their responsibility to their community will do more harm to them than good .
It is time they realised their social and moral duties and move towards becoming good and responsible citizens .
Although students are very different from each other - so what is true and valid for one may not be true and valid for an another - I generally agree with the statement , but I think one element cannot be separated from the other : this means that there are no ideas and concepts without facts , and there are no facts without ideas and concepts .

From my point of view facts are not so important if you don ' t have the instruments for analysing them , and the instruments are given by ideas and concepts : understanding the `` abstract '' ideas gives students the tools for facing reality and learning facts , otherwise they would not get anything of what they are reading , for examples on history books , which are the places where you can mostly find `` facts '' .

History is to me the best example of this mutual relationship between concepts and facts because it is made of facts , but the study of history cannot exist without ideas and concepts .

I can mention my personal case : when I was a student I really enjoyed studying History , but when I grew up I realized this was because I consider History more as a collection of interesting and pictoresque events than as real actions done by people who have lived before me , and whose actions has had an effect on our present ( Latins used to say `` Historia magistra vitae '' ) ; this means at the time I missed the connections , I did n't apply those marvellous stories to the present , in other words I did not understand ideas and concepts .
Now that I am more mature I see things from a different perspective , and I try to approach facts always keeping in my mind some general principles .

Thisis why I think students in schools , even if very young , should try to do the same , of course with the help and assistance of their teachers .
As many specialists stress it , the countless number of cars in north-american and european countries is likely to stabilize and might even begin to whittle down in he next twenty years , because of environmental and energetical issues that make the use of cars much more expensive than what it used to be when nobody was interested in those problems .
There are cities , such as London or Paris , which create new laws so that it becomes very expensive and unpractical to drive in town centres .
I believe that the United states will soon change some of its habits and take similar measures .
On the one hand , I disagree with this point of view as many research scientists are on the verge of major scientific breakthroughs that should enable mankind to switch to environment respectful techniques such as all-electrical cars or hydrogen energy .
The ever growing interest for sustainable development may deal with these issues in Western countries .
On the other hand , I am much more pessimistic about poor countries , especially fast-developing nations like China or India where people are beginning to have access to cars .
Even though the high prices of crude oil are partly a consequence of the instablity in the Middle-east , we must no forget that China is another reason as its use of petroleum is rocketing .
There are hundreds of milllions of chinese people who will probably be rich enough soon and buy a car .
But all the new energy technologies figured out by scientists are going to be far too expensive for those people to use in the next twenty years so that they will probably buy regular cars and participate in the plight .
Even though science is the solution to the rocketing number of cars , I believe that the development of many Asian , South-American and African countries is likely to paricipate in this issue .
The opposite evolution will need much more than twenty years to be achieved .
Everybody is asking to himself : will the number of cars reduce in the next twenty years ?
Nobody can know and forecast how life in general will be in the next 20 years , but all of us can and must hope that it will happen .
The use of cars create a lot of problems like pollution , traffic jam , but on the aother side using cars allows economy to run .

The biggest problem the use of cars creates is pollution , pollution that is produced by the smoke , the oil , and the gases that come out from our cars .
Everyday our cities are becoming more and more grey and black , dirty and not healthy at all to live in .

A direct cause of pollution is traffic jam .
Traffic is getting more and more terribly because everybody need and use cars not only to work but to live in general .
Why does this happen ?

This happens because there a lot of cities nowadays that have n't provided yet to improve with efficient systems of transportation like undergroung that covers not only the space under the city , but longer distances .

Actually the bus system it 's not really developed and it cant be efficiently developed because there are too many cars around the cities , and anyway everybody prefer to use their own cars than going with buses .

On the other side we know that cars make the economy run , actually to move cars need gasoline , and gasoline derivate from petroleum , thus there is a long wire that connects societies that live on cars .

Another example are the industries that produce cars , if we do not use cars anymore there would be an economic crisis and may be a period of grate depression , because not thousand but million of workers would lose their jobs .

Probably if we are able in the next future to understand that we are destroying our planet not only polluting but also sucking all the sources , and that we will reach a term in which it will not be possible anymore to go on with this situation , the number of cars will reduce , A solution will certainly come from technology research : we could use means of tranportation that do not pollute { like sun , wind , or hydrogen } but at the same time allowing the economy to run .
I assume that people who are willing to try new things and take risk are more likely to be successful .
Taking a risk also means that there is a possibily that one is going to fail .
Therefore people who take risks are also more likely to fail than those who do not take risks at all .

It also makes sense to me to hold on to a traditional method if people have been successful using this method for generations .
If one learns from a person who has been really successful and has achieved a lot , it would be nonesense not to use the information in order to do a good job yourself .

Trying to be successful by doing what one already knows well is definetely safer than putting oneself at risk .
Still work as well as techniques have approved throughout history which shows that people who have been innovative gained success for example Henry Ford with his first appearance of mass production in the automobile industry .

In this world of globalization one has to try new things in order to succeed and it is also helpful if one is able to adjust to new conditions easily .

To my mind the people who enjoy their work are mostly successful and to enjoy the job should also be the most important goal when choosing a job .
Poeple who only do what they are told and keep on doing so for years are more likey to get bored while working .
Therefore it is also a personal experience to try new things and take risks .
If one really wants to be successful in business , creativity and the willingness to take a risk are two very important character traits one should not miss .
It is reasonable to try out new things because if you are not going to do it somebody else will and thus will also gain the success .
We live in a world that constantly changes and it is always better to be the one who initiates the changes than the one who is forces to adapt to the changes .
I disagree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because group tour imposes a lot limitation that one may not like .

First , if I travel on my own , I can set my travel duration according to my schedule and convenience .
When I travel with a group , I can only spend a certain amount of time in certain locations .
If I travel on alone , I can choose to stay longer at some of my favorite spots .
Also , I can enjoy my own daily schedule instead of complying with a group tour schedule .
In most group tours , you will have to get up early and stay up late so that you can get to as many places as possible .

Second , I will do more research to learn about the place which I will visit .
This will help me to learn the geographic location , climate , history , and culture of this place .
When I just listen to the tour guide , I tend to forget most of the information but if I do research on my own , I will retain and remember them in the future .
The place that I visit will be more memorable .

Thirdly , economically , I will be able to find economic transportation options , accommodations and even in dinning choices .
Nowadays , many can use airlines rewards to fly free or use hotel accumulated points to stay free or stay for a discount .
This will surely help to save a large sum of money .
Also , if I travel alone , I have the freedom to choose the hotel settings and locations that suit my needs .
In terms of dinning , I can enjoy eating at my time and at places that I prefer .
Food choices is a personal one .
I can surely be more adventurous if I can have my own choice .

All in all , I think that traveling on my own will give me more freedom to explore in many aspects than when I travel with a group .
Afterall when I travel , I want to be in a relaxing mode and be of myself instead of being in a crowd most of the day .
Centuries ago , a writer could also be a doctor , a scientist and an economist .
People used to have broad knowledge of many academic subjetcs as it is illustrated in the book Gargantua by Rabelais .
Nowadays , people become more and more specialized .
Let 's face it , our knowledge is so huge in every academic subjetc that it is impossible to know everything in every topic .

There is a common joke in Economics thats points out that every economist gets specialized in a very specific topic and does not know anything about the rest .
It is a consequence of the specialization of people that took place in the nineteenth century .
Indeed , progress has been made in many areas and the knowledge has increased .
In this respect , medecine is a case in point , people used to know very little about the organistation of the human body but nowadays , the knowledge is so broad that doctors have to get specialized to be efficient .
Furthermore , the only doctors who remain generalists ca n't cure everything and they often send you to a specialist to resolve your problem .

However , a bad consequence of this specialization is that people do n't know any more everything about their own subject .
If you have a broken leg , a neurologist wo n't be able to do anything to help you .
But anyway , according to me , this evolution towards specialisation is useful and , moreover , ineluctable .
It is first ineluctable because as I have said the knowledge is now so broad that a human being ca n't know everything .
Furthermore , it is useful because it allows us to better understand a very specific point of our subjetc .
For instance , all the progresses that have been made in the research for the cancer would not have been possible without this specialization .

To have broad knowledge of many academic subjetcs is pleasant but it also means that this knowledge will remain limited and it 's why specialization is needed .
There 's a variety of reasons to support the idea that a specific competence in a particuar field is much better than a wide , unclear knowledge .
I want to underline the terms wide and unclear , because most of the time they match ; I want to clarify this aspect with an example ; because of my technical studies in mechanical engineering I ' ve always had contacts with pragmatic subjects such as the projection of a machine or the capability to recognize the causes in an accident ; with the preparation you aquire in a litterature university you will have for sure a wide knoledge about the facts that play a role in our society or the ability explain an autor opinion , but the lack of a specif preparation could negatevely affect the job opportunities .
Indeed without a great preparation on a specific topic , nobody will find on you a valuable reason to take you as a part of the factory .

Another plus point , is the amount of money you could earn ; I ' ve been impressed by the salary that a member of the chourus in wich I sing earn , and asking him the key of success he answered : `` nothing comes without the sacrifice and the constant will the deep your knowledge '' .
Speaking my mind , I can assure that if you acquire a position in the enviroment in wich you work , nobody will ask you to leave the desk , and that ' s because you are an essential and vital part in the production .
I can prove this with a personal experience my father had with his factory ; with the growing competivity , especially from the China an India the factory the selling were seriously affected and as a result of that some of the employers were fired , nonetheless the more able to regain a leading position in the market were preserved and after the firsts results they gain an award .

In conclusion , we can say , how important is to have a good education , especially in the nowadays life , with the hopeness that all the efforts we have made could give a great result .
Would you like to study broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject ?
I believe different people have different answers .
However , I prefer to study broad knowledge for several reasons below .

First , in fact , many students do not konw what they are really interested in .
As we know , nowadays , many students have a same problem that they do not like their majors .
Why dose this problem happen ?
I believe that it is resulted from that they are not interested in their majors .
If they can study broad knowledge of many academic subjects , they would find out that what they are really interested in .
This is very important .
Actually , I have this problems , too .
My major is material science .
And I can not study other subjects in my university .
However , i do not like my major , because I can not find out any interesting things from this major .
Every day I have to do experiments in my lab , which is boring .
In fact , I want to learn some subjects that I could communicate with other people .
I believe if I have another choice , I would not choose this major again .
As a result , I choose another major when I study for my mater degree now .

Second , in modern society , most of jobs require students have many skills , instead of a certain skill .
As we know , when people work in a company , he has to know how to use computer , because today most of works are finished on computers , and the communication with other thoughout Emails or MSN also need to be done on computers .
If this person only know about his major , such mathmetic , arts , or something else , I do not believe that he would have a capability for this work .
That is to say , he would be fired in future .
I believe this is a pity for our education in universites .
Consequently , we should learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects to fillful the various requirement of many jobs .
If we have kinds of knowledge , we could do many jobs in a company , and we have more chances to get promotoed .
for example , if we learn knowledge about engeering and management in university , we could apply for two types of jobs in a company , which would be very useful for our career in the future .

However , to learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects does mean that it is unnecessary to specialize in one specific subject .
What I mean is that we should also be professional experts , because when we face with some difficulties in our work , we must have academic knowledge to address them .
This is of great essence to us .
In sum , we should learn broad knowledge in the first place , and then we also have to specialize in one specific subject .
It seems possible to affirm that most advertisements make products look much better than they really are .
However , one must not forget that that is the `` nature of the beast . ''
After all , companies hire a multi-billion dollar machinery to convince us , avid consumers , of our need to look just like the perfect models from suburbia that are used not only to sell products , but also to use our vanity and lust to lure us to buy , buy , buy .

Let me give you an example of the way advertisment companies use our desire to look great and to be desired to make us buy their products .
Two days ago I went to the movie theater .
While I was waiting for my movie to begin , I was bombarded by a miriad of commercials advertising all sorts of products , all the way from beauty creams to cigarrettes .
After the third commercial with the sporty type advertising gym clothing , a membership to a trendy sports facility and the required pills to burn fat , I was feeling fat , grossly inadequate , and ready to run so that I could get all I needed to get on the right track .
All of a sudden , a deep realization struck me : all of that cannot be real !
I can exercise to the point of exhaustion , get all the right clothing , take all the prescribed pills -- not by a medical doctor , mind you -- and even then , I will never look like the blonde , blue-eyed , muscular guy on the screen .
Do n't believe me yet ?
Just ask yourself : how many curvacious women or Apollinean guys have greeted you at the car dealership last time you bought a new car ?

Some people would like to say that advertisements are nothing but a clear reflection of the products they offer .
While I am willing to concede that there is just little you can do to make a glass of milk look more apetizing than what it is , one has only to look at the `` Got Milk ? '' advertisements to get the point : to advertising companies , it does not matter if what they are offering is as good as they say it is , or even if the attention of the consumer is not so much on the product they are selling but on the personality they are using to advertise it , what matters to them is that it sells .

How many times have you been moved to get the trendiest , newest , more expensive brand of clothing , cellular phone , car , etc. just to discover after a brief period of usage that , in spite of all the empty promises and alluring techniques used by the advertising company , what you got is nothing but apiece of trash ?
Think about the famous Marlboro commercials .
How many people thought that smoking was a fancy activity just by looking at the romantic sunset with the cowboy looming on the horizon ?
How about the effects of smoking on your health ?
Care to talk about cancer and related illnesses ?
Obviously , truth-telling and advertising do not go hand-in-hand .

Most advertisement companies want one thing and only one : to sell their clients ' products .
If they need to lie , modify , or even disguise the real product or its effects in order to sell it , that is exactly what they will do .
Got milk lately ?
Travelling is an activity that most individuals enjoy , may it be for its adventurous quality , innate curiosity for the unknown or the joy of simply having a relaxing vacation .
This leads to the next question : Is the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide ?
Personally , I believe the response to this question depends on the individual , his or her expectations and above all , the opportunity costs that this person is willing to take .
Travelling with a tour guide can imply a series of opportunity costs that some people are unaware of , such as the beauty of the adventure and the immersion in the culture .

On one side , travelling with a tour guide has its pros .
For instance , if there is a limited time to travel this can be efficient , less expensive and in essence the most importante places will be visited .
There is no uncertainty as to where to go , what to do or how to plan the day .
It simply is relaxing and enjoying your time .

However , there are a series of opportunity costs inherent in this decision .
For starters , who says that the tour guide will be fun ?
A couple months ago I travelled to Macchu Picchu with two friends ; we backpacked .
It was an amazing experience because the spontaneity , the adventurous nature of the experience and above all the liberty to do what we wanted was truly priceless .
Not only did we meet a series of travellers along the way , but we also got to immerse ourselves in the culture .
I have to say this has been one of the best trips I have taken in my life ; I would truly recommend anyone to be brave , take a risk and enjoy the beauty of true travel .

From personal experience I have to say that travelling without a tour guide is the best way to go .
It is important to go informed , but even the getting lost and not knowing where to go form part of the magical experiences of travel .
In twenty years I surely think there would be a considerable fall in the number of cars into use .
Following are the reasons I would attribute to this reduction .

The ever growing population and limitless migration to the city is putting tremendous pressure on the available space in cities to construct roads .
In twenty years from now the lifestyles of people would become faster and they would like to maintain punctuality .
With regular road service , if they opt , the inevitable traffic jams would delay them .
Take for example a city like New York or Mumbai , most of the people use local transport i.e. trains to reach offices in the rush hours as there is less possibility of getting delayed .
Also with growing population most of the space would be used for domestic purposes , giving less space for the automobiles to be driven or parked .

Another alarming feature supporting the lesser use of cars would be pollution control .
As we are all aware of the increasing EURO III & EURO IV norms , time is not far when the need to reduce the vehicles and hence the emission becomes inevitable specially in cities like New Delhi where the pollution has already reached alarming values .
If the people use a common transport , number of `` smoke emitters '' will reduce and so will the pollution levels of city .

With depeleting reserves of petrol and not so advaced and promised solar energy operated cars , the future of gasoline cars would be a mere junk yard .
Statistics show petrol reserves of only another 40-50 years which will certainly discourage the usage of petrol operated vehicles .
Even if a newer technology is introduced into market to run cars , the equipment cost would be high and will fail to attract customers .

A pleasing factor in discouraging the usage of cars would be cost effectiveness .
A fact states that , in a country like USA , the cost to maintain a car equals its price .
Public transport would be much cheaper to afford on long term basis , with no worries to maintain car or buy petrol .
A rough estimate about the percentage a middle class family spends on buying and maintaining cars in India is about 40 % .
With this money saved , the family could explore new ventures , more productive ones to spend its hard earned money on , eg. better education of their children .

Summing up , cars in future would be replaced by extensive public transport network which would comprise of trains , trams and metros with numerous advantages as envisaged .
There are many different forms of marketing and maybe the most efficient and widely-used form of it is advertising .
However sometimes companies make their products seem a lot better than they really are in their advertisements and there are certain reasons for this .

First of all , companies advertise their products in order to increase their sales or market shares .
While doing so , some companies do not hesitate to do whatever it takes although this may include misinforming the consumers .
For instance , many companies generally prefer to hide some certain aspects of their products or the facts about it when they are advertising this particular products .
Everyday we see millions of these advertisements telling how cheap a product is .
But , how many of them state the actual price ?
Besides , yes the product may be cheap , but compared with what ?

Secondly , other than hiding some facts about it , companies follow another way to create a more favorable image of their products in the minds of the consumers .
They simply utilize impact of media .
For instance , the TVs are a very good way to make your product seem ` better` .
The visual impressiveness of this media channel is amazing .
Therefore by making TV advertisements that are enriched with visual impressions might boost your sales .
Also you can use the effectiveness of celebrities for example .
The advice of a well-known pop star might create an incredibly favorable image of your product .

Finally , by merely advertising your product you can easily create a more favorable image of it .
You do not need to hide any facts or utilize visual effects , bright colors in the advertisements to make people believe that your product is better .
This is because when people see the advertisement of your product - say , on TV - they ca n't help thinking that it really is a product of high quality .
This is maybe because advertising is a heavily expensive thing to do .
Therefore there is this common fallacy that what is advertised must really be good .

To conclude , today 's market conditions require the companies to be competent .
Some companies concieve this as a legitimization of unfair competition and behave in ways that they create misconceptions in consumers ' minds .
Especially when they are advertizing their products .
However if they want to create brand-loyal customers they should firstly earn their trust .
I agree with the statement .
In my opinion , successful people are the ones who take more risk , try new things and in doing so think out of the box .

There are many examples of such people who have been trendsetters and who are a feather in the cap of the classified league .
Let us look at Mr. NR Narayanmoorthy , who is the progenitor and edifice of a successful software company such as Infosys .
He started Infosys with just 4 friends and a meagre sum of Indian rupees ten thousand .
He was actively involved in politics before he decided to switch over to the field of software .
Nobody in his wildest of dreams could have ever thought what Narayanmoorthy did .
His decision was a bolt out of the blue for even his wife .
But his acute vision and the guts to take calculated risk , scored over the potential dangers and uncertaintees of failure .
We now understand what he achieved when we look back at his feats in totality .
Infosys today is a fortune 500 company and India 's first company to be listed on the Nasdaq .

Dhirubhai Ambani of the Reliance group , Kumarmangalam Birla of the Aditya Birla group and many more business tycoons from India stand testimony to the above fact .
We can find such people in every field .
Amitabh Bacchan from the field of entertainment and Indian film industry is a living legend and has shaped Indian cinema in a way by taking immense risks .
When there was aromantic spate he differed and started the angry young man concept

Such people actually change the course of history and chart a new history .
They bring about monumental changes and thereby create history .
They serve as lighthouses for similar people with similar attitudes .
Successful people have strong Vision , desire to succeed at any cost , focussed thoughts , tremendous zeal and enthusiasm for persistence and loads of confidence to back them up .
They in fact resemble the person who was told that he would not be able to sell shoes on an island because people do not wear shoes and he retorted with the answer that this was why exactly he would be easily able to sell shoes on the island .

Mahatma Gandhi , of India who is considered to be the Father of the nation liberated India from the British regime because he had tremendous ability to take risk in the right way and changed the face of the revolution .

We can think of President Bush in the United States , who has taken tremendous risk by bombing Iraq and avenging the dastardly acts of the terrorists in the Sep 9/11 attacks .
He probably faced immense opposition and criticism and he could have stayed silent , but he decided to get down the laid track and do something radical .
This has brought about tranquility in the US and has shown the cudgel to those who feel that th US is a soft target .

Several leaders in the field of Business such as Bill Gates , Warren Buffet etc .
Th
Each and every new inniovation in human history started to be used at first with a decreasing manner and then their usage has becomed more and more wide as they meet the new facility .
Moreover , people has made interesting comment on their use among the common people .
For instance , one of the owner of a Hollywood Studio in the first years of the television , he claimed that people would not spend a time in front of a box every night .
However , in time it has become an inevitable element of one house .
In fact , there are other several technologies that did not take any credit first and , afterwards , they are the important part of our living .
One of them , that I would like to discuss , is the cars that we use everyday for different reasons .
Thus it is not logical to think that they will decrease in use .
As the examples in our daily lives show , their use is constantly increasing due to several reasons .

Today , technology develops regularly and everyday we see different versions of the same car , which is supposed to be just a 2 and half tones of iron compounded by four wheels .
For instance , there different marks in the market .
When it is asked which car you would like to have , there can be various answers to this question ranging from the Mercedes to the Ford .
These new versions and marks encourage people to purchase a newer car even if this person has already one .
In addition to that , with the fast developing technology , the automobiles are produced more and more cheaper .
Hence , the people having a little money spent can go and buy a car with respect to his or her budget .
Indeed , there are consumers credit offered by banks in order to make this process more easier .
As far as all these are concerned , it is possible that in the future , the number of cars will double instead of diminishing .

Apart from the technology in producing automobiles and the bank credits , the governments continously improves the infrasturucture of their countries .
Although their primary concern is to increase the economic transaction wtihin the country and with the other countries , this helps to individualize the transportation .
For instance , in my country , the public transportation is like a torture .
The public buses are full of the people both standing and sitting .
Also , it is not possible to go from one side of the city to other side by taking one bus .
Moreover , the municipality of the city continously improves the roads of the city , rather increasing number of buses and making new combuination of routes .
Consequently , when I see that driving my own car to my destination are relatively better than utilising the buses , I prefer to drive to the place that I wanto to reach .
Thus , today in my city , there is an increase of cars serving for only one person .

In conclusion thi
Based on my previous experience , I am totally in agreement that it is more important for students to understand concepts than learning facts .
I have realized when a person understands the concept and the reasons behind of this concept , it is easier to keep it in the memory for a LONG time .
And to make this happen , the student must be willing to ask all the questions needed to clarify the concept during the class .
In this case , teachers are the main contributors to make students understand the ideas .
That means , teachers should use the following process to better explain a concept during class : First , mention the background of the idea ; Second , explain the idea what is about , including examples and consequences ( if any ) ; and Third , translate this concept in a realistic or insightful situation where students will be related with .
Having said this , if the teacher follows this flow , it will be very easy for students to understand the concept and store it in their brains for a long time without memorizing .

On the other hand , when students are learning facts , there is a high probability to forget them very easily in the short term .
The common mistake that students usually do when they have an exam in the next day , they start memorizing everything as it is the easiest way to get a good grade .
Whereas , teachers also do mistakes .
Proffesors develop their tests based on the theory exposed during class .
This tests are normally very hard data driven and thats why students always memorize facts as they already know that the test will just ask for those facts rather than putting in practice the concept learned .

In conclusion , there is an opportunity area for both students and teachers to know how to learn and teach concepts and ideas , respectively , in order to improve the educational system .
I agree that people who take more risks in life and try out new things are more successful than others .
A good example for such a person is Bill Gates .
He was one of the first people in the world to do research on computers and who developed the internet .
Introducing a new technology to the market is risky because of all the work , time , money and effort he put into it .
Nowadays every country in the world uses the Internet to communicate .
This shows that Gates has had alot of success and that he is now the richest man on earth .
Therefore the risks at the beginning of his career have paid out very well .
Of course there are several people in the business world with a comparable history .
Another example of people taking risks are those who invest their money into stocks .
The stock market ist proposedly the most risky way of investing your money .
On the other hand , poeple who are successful at the stock market are at least ten times as succsessful as people that only do what they know best .
With good stocks , you can make over 1000 percent the money you have invested in one day or even hours , while other people only get the same salary month after month .
Even people who already own a big amount of money do not simply let it be .
Especially these people let their money work for them in order to gain more and more .
They also invest their money in maybe big , new , expansive and riskful businesses .
But exactly through these investments they become even more successful .
Taking risks of course does not always lead to success , but the ones who try over and over again will in the end be the more successful .
Without trying , you will never know if the risk you want to take may lead to more success in life .
Therefore , the risk is definitely worth taking !
When I see the commercials on television , I see many goods which look so facinating and useful .
However , are they really useful like the commercial 's explanation ?
I do not think so , since I believe that the advertisement is a way to lure the cumstomers to buy and to maximize the profit .
Thus , sellers will only show the beneficial and useful sides of the commodities .
Thus , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem more useful than they really are .

First , the nature of advertisement is not to show people how bad the products are , but to convince them that these products are so beneficial to people 's lives that they should buy .
As a result , people who make the commercial have to make products seem much better than the reality .
For example , my friend once bought a physical training machine which was advertised for its quick results .
They said that it will decrease people 's weight by ten pounds in a week if they work out an hour with it .
However , when my friends tried it out , it did not show such results even when she exercised with it for many hours .

Another reason for most advertisements to show only good parts of the product is that if the advertisement shows the reality of the products , customers are not going to buy it , and producers will not be able to make a profit .
To be specific , Tyrenol , which is a famous medicine for cold and fever , is also infamous for its side effects .
I once heard that it can increase the possibility of getting cancers .
If the advertisement for Tyrenol say ` this medicine can cause cancers , ' who will risk the chance of getting more serious disease to cure cold ?

I believe that humans are easily convinced by what is good , but more easily drawn away by what is bad for them .
Therefore , if producers make a advertisement which shows every facet of the products , including the bad ones , people are not going to buy the products since they mostly see the demerit they will have on them rather than the good effects .
Producers know well about such a nature of humans ; thus , they will make advertisements which make their products look better than the reality so they could sell more .
Cars started to appear and rise early in this century , they were one of the greatest inventions ever .
They made life much easiar , contributed in the industrial revolution and made transportation several times much easiar and much more comfortable .
Cars made the world look smaller and made dreams come true , i guess it was the first step in globalization .

But sadly nothing is perfect and everything should have disadvantages .
Cars work on motors which utilize fuel and give to the atmosphere unwanted , harming and polluting gases .
And when we speak about the Ozone layer and the global warrming , we should really underline the role those vehicle played in aggrevating the siuation .

People can not give that invention away , no matter what and no matter what consequences we are going to harvest later on , just like smoking and all the other harmfull stuff .
Unless we think of giving people an alternative , for examples the Hydrogen vehicles or the once that use solar energy ..
etc .

When cars started taking a shape in the world in the begining of this century most of the countries started directing most of their sources and income to bulid up the streets , roads , bridges , parkings and they have departments in each countries just to follow upall matters related to that .
So if we ever decided to give away cars and all the other related structures , we will have to bulid up a whole new major structre for the new mean of transportation .

Although the ideas of using the sky or the bottom of Earth for example : the undergronuds and subways seems really successfull , but it does not seem as practical and available as cars .

From my point of view , scintists are doning their best to eliminate pollution and save the world , and their efforts are going to be rewarded by decreasing the sources of pollution , if they can give alternatives .
In twenty years the number of cars will be even larger than the number of cars that we have nowadays .
There are many reasons to think this , the most obvious one is that technology wont be able to create a substitute for the car in only twenty years .
There are other reasons that are more human , like dependency .
In twenty years cars will not be as bad for the enviroment as they are today but the number of cars will increase noticeably .

In the last century technology has changed our way of living , one of the most important inventions was the car .
Who can imagine what would happen if suddenly all the cars in the world disappear ?
it woul be a caos , the level of dependency that we have on cars is very high , we need them .
Cities are built in a way that life without a car is like hell , almost impossible .
Distances are longer and roads are made for them .
But the main reason is on technology , cars are now starting to use electricity as their source power ( even tough they use gas too ) but this improvement does n't help to the problem of the number of cars .
Because there will be cars that do not use gasoline but they will still be cars .
The United States is the model for the world and cities there are really wide , cars are really needed , american families have a minimun of two cars .
So as the world gets `` americanized '' more cars will be used .

We also have to note the human incapacity to find an alternative .
There are alternatives but none of them is perfect .
We can use buses or trains but in order to use a train or bus you have to go to the station and it will not leave you at the exact point where you want to go .
Some people can say that riding a bike is the solution , but let 's be real , are people going to ride a bike when they can go five times faster using a car ?
without getting tired !!!
Bikes are the ideal solution but our human condition makes us lazy and consequently the bicicle option disapears .
Maybe in the future the cars will fly , that would solve a lot of problems , but it is not something that will happen in the near future .

In conclusion , we will have to wait more than twenty years to see the number of cars decrease , and a radical change on our society or technology has to happen in order to this to occur .
It is early in the morning .
Sun shines showing us its beautiful , radiant bright .
Birds sing in melifluous sounds .
But somewhere in this village , you hear constantly yawning sounds of students in a class .
The teacher is filling the blackboard with stringent face .
The words which are filled with balck board is all about the history of ` the hundred year war ' over France and US .
Students fall asleep subtly .

That was a brief description of a class in Korea .
I was born in Korea , and raised in Korea , and educated in Kroea .
And now , in 2006 , I am here in United States of America as sixteen years girl to experience American education which i 've heard that is extremely different from the education that I 've used to have .

The first class I had in American high school was biology .
It was `` literally '' different .
I was shocked in pleasure .
The new learning about biology was a fresh catharsis for me .
I learnedabout the system of the cell .
Actually , I 've learned about it in Korea too .
but the difference between that same concept is this ; my Korean teacher taught me the `` fact '' and my American teacher taught me and helped me the process of understanding ideas and concepts .
She did not force me to memorize facts that I used to do in Korea .
Instead , she had a laboratory with me , Together , we made a model of Cell , and then that was definetely easy to understand .
Furthermore , she finded the real video from the internet and then show me how it works and what its principles are .

It 's been several months pasted since I learned about the system of the cell , however , I still clearly remember the video she showed me and each detailed structure we 've made .
No doubt I got a one hundred on that class .

Learning facts is short-living .
It will leave your head as soon as you learn other things .
You can not remember it unless you 've translated that facts into your own language and solidified to `` concepts '' .
It takes amount of time to pass the process of turn facts into ideas .
You should find the way to clarify and figure it out .
It might be burdensome .
But once you 've figure it out , and you can clarify yourself that you understand the ideas , then it would be a genuine knowledge not just facts .

I 'm so glad to have topic .
Actually I was a sort of suprised to face this topic which reminds me the experience this American education gave me .
I ca n't wait to learn ideas and concepts and then understand it .
I did n't know or experience the joy of learning when I was in Korea .
My eyes were always heavy and not active .
But in here , the eUnderstanding its genuine idea or concepts enable me to study with my volition , not by parents .
A man goes for an interview thinking he is right for the job .
He does not know that only bookish knowledge in his related subject will not help in getting that job .
Neways , he goes to the interview and he is questioned about many other topics in addition to his related field and obviously due to his lack of knowlegde he is unable to give the satisfactory answers to the questions .
This situation would not have arised had he been an expert in other subjects as well .

Hence i am for the topic that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject .
Nobody can be perfect .
Learning is a process we have to undergo throughout our lives .
Nobody can succeed if he knows only a restricted source of information .
A person should hence plan what he is goin to learn during his core education years which begin for most people at highschool and continue throughout college .
Specialization is not a bad activity but it is not a smart decision to specialize in one subject at the cost of the others .

When speaking in public or even when talkin amongst friends for that matter woud n't it be great if one was filled with academic knowledge and intellectual odassity ?

Nowadays people are specializing in more than one subject .
Has anyone ever wondered why ?
All this is being done due to a change in thinking and a new approach of wider horizons and not a mental block that one should be efficient only in his or her related field of work .
A person can grow his worth by havin broader knowledge of various academic subjects as he will be able to tackle practical problems faced in life better his vast source of information and the large bank of knowledge he accumulated in his learning years .

The world is changing , the challenges are becoming greater , cut-throat competition is taking place nowadays and thus only the best of the best can survive in todays world where people are continously striving to reach higher in life .

All this can be made a lot easier if a person has a varied source of knowledge to bank upon and thus people should have a broad knowledge ofn academic subjects than to specialize in one specefic subject .
The school education is a very important part of people live .
The school education method changes among different cultures and It can influence the future life of persons .
It is not very easy to answer this question because either undestanding ideas and concepts or learning facts have pros and cons .
When a student is very young , it is very difficult to him to understand ideas and concepts .
For instance when I was in elementary class I rebember that the majority of lessons were explanations of facts .
I think it was a correct education method because I was not able to understand ideas and concepts .
Before beginning to understand ideas and concepts it is important to learn facts !

On the other hand a student in secondary class needs to be stimulated with lessons concentrated on ideas or concepts .
If a student of a secondary class follows only lessons full of fact , he can be very leasy and he can lose the interest in studies !

Nevertheless there are particular topics in wich the students must learn a lot of facts to try to understand .
For instance history is full of facts and is full of ideas and concepts too .
But a student can not understand historical ideas and concepts if he does not know before the crononogical sequence of facts !

In conclusion , I disagree with the statement that it is more important for student to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts .
I thing that both understanding ideas and concepts and learning fact are important parts of the student education .
In particular learning facts is the basic support for consequent understanding idesa and concepts .
There are different ways to develop an activity or to approach to a problem .
Some people prefer to try new things and take risks .
On the contrary , a more conservative group of people prefer only doing what they already know how to do well .
But there may be succesful cases in both gropus .
Then , what is the best attitude ?

When people stick to their own traditional methods they are able to solve basic , elemental problems , but do not have the psychological or intelectual resources to imagine a new possibility , a challenging solution or a new discovery .
They fear failing , and feel more secure doing exactly what they have always done for a long time .
These people do not innovate but maintain traditions and keep everything in its place and relatively under control .

On the other hand when we try new things and ideas we touch different dimensions of the problem .
We are not prejudiced by common opinions and statements and sometimes we can see or foresee completely different aspects of the situation .
People who belong to this group are eager to take risks and do not fear failure , danger or doing special efforts in order to reach their goals .
In this case , people have to be energetic , very enthusiastic about their ideas and good team leaders .

Personally , I think that in order to succed you should try something new each time .
It is very rewarding when you discover something that maybe was so close that nobody could see .
Even though you may find that many people turn against you because they think your ideas are ridiculous or stupid , you have to insist and keep on working because at last , things will go well and something very good will happen .

So , next time you have to solve a problem , I recommend trying something completely new for a change .
Yes , i agree that students must have to understand the ideas and concepts .
But not by simply learning the facts .
By understanding the ideas and the concepts one can have the ability to improve his grasping power and the creativeness , because when a student learns only the facts he can just have some information about the topic but he ca n't even know the concept behind it .
But by understanding the ideas and the concepts some kind of inventive thinking can be improved by that student .

For example , while doing work on maths , If a student just learns the formula to solve that problem but not the concept it makes a big difference .
But by learning the concept the student can work freely not only on that problem but can also have some idea on related problems too .

Now a days in this fast generation students are being very fast .
So they need to know well about the ideas and the concepts in every aspect .
Well by knowing only the facts on any aspect makes the students to have some book knowledge but that is not sufficient for them they must also have some ideas and concepts too .

In any aspect like software and computer , the student must and should have the idea about the whole system and also the concept for well use of the system and the software .
Its merely waste of matter that if the student just learn about the system and the software .
its the only way for building up proper skills in a student is to understand the ideas and should have proper concepts also .

So , according to me i feel that for every student its more important to undestand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
Ideas and Concepts are qualities which are inbuilt in ones mind but everyone do n't know the better use of it .
Once the student understands how to frame ideas and how to understand a particular concept he is dealing with than it will help him easy to get his other works done .
On the other hand learning facts is something which the student is going to learn because facts are facts and it wo n't gets changed with time .
But here it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather to learn facts .

This can be best illustrated with an example .
Let us take it for granted that operating a computer or i can say computer knowledge has become a compulsion in todays competitive world .
But to operate computer is not an easy job .
To operate it one should undergo proper coaching regarding the structure & systems in computer .
This is only possible if one has access to understand the concepts regarding various computer programmes .
Once the student learn the concept to create his own ideas and thus use the computer programmes in a better way .
To run a programme is not a fact but it is to be understood with various concepts to be cleared and than to introduce the idea .

Knowledge is Gods gift to all but only few know the better use of it .
For students it is very easy to create new ideas in their mind but until and unless they understand the proper concept behind the idea it is useless .
This cannot be learnt by learning facts .
It becomes important for an individual to plan , understand ant than onlt to implement an idea if and only if the concepts are clear .
But the facts will only lead to what was going on in tha past .
Facts are important but at times they hinder the growth and development by blocking new ideas .

Once the ideas and concepts are cleared in one 's mind than it becomes very easy for a person to learn facts .
On the contrary it proves to be a blessing for the individual because he may create a new marvelous product or design using the facts ant than modifying with new ideas and concepts .
Facts comes from history and will remain till future but new ideas in present will improve one 's future if implemented through studied concepts and visionary ideas .
Thus once again i will say to support the point that it is more importaant for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
The issue of knowing many academic subjects or to be specialized in a specific one is difficult to deal with .
On the one hand we have young students who are not always sure of what they want to do later and who tend to learn as many subjects as they can and on the other hand , firms that are looking to hire students that are specific on one subject .
Taking all aspects into account , I strongly feel that It is more valuable to be specialized in a particular topic .

To begin with , the scholar system has to deal with students that are going to secondary school or to college without knowing what they really want to do later .
Then , we find them being graduated and being looking for a job with a determination that would be so much stronger if they knew the type of job or the sector they want to work in .
That 's why , my firm belief is that a young student who knows what he wants to do after graduating will have something more than the other students , who will become opponents when it will be the time to get a job .

Another way to justify my point of view is to say that knowing young what we want to do after school is a good way to have a good knowledge on the topic and why not having a profesional experience by doing internships .

However , it is important for a student not to precipitate himself in a way , a specific subject , or an option with being to young to decide that this should be what he will do or learn for his all life .
And having a knowledge of many academic subjects could be a good way to make the good decision .

Taking all aspects into account , my firm belief is that there are so many students that have a knowledge of many academic subjects , and when you have one who knows what he wants to do and that he has a specific knowledge on one specific subject , he has such a good card to play to get a job and to make the difference with other students .
And is n't that what firms are really looking for ?
Everyone wants to succeed in live .
The question is only how to do this - does one has to try new things , does one has to take risks to be successful ?

A problem about trying new things is of course the possibility to fail .
Just to try something new garantees by no means to succeed .

On the other hand , it seems pretty obvious to me that one should n't stay inside the given borders if one wants to succeed .

Firstly , trying something new means to have courage .
People who take risks are self-confident .
It is very important to have a certain degree of courage and self-confidence to succeed .
Then others telling you that you had no chance does n't keep you from doing it .
And if you are steadily kept from doing what you acctually would like to do , after some time you will probably develop a certain passive attitude towards life and you will even no longer succeed in things that are n't new at all , that you are familiar too .
Taking risks means to be active and to keep going even if there are obstacles -- what is very important for everyone who wants to succeed .

Furthermore , trying new things means to explore unknown areas , areas where noone or only very few people have been before .
Especially in economics it is one of the most important things to be the first one on the market .
One has to be creative and inventive to succeed and what is more , one then has to realize one 's ideas .
I heard of a very successful woman selling a new sort of bathing shoes , and she was really the first to be interested in bathing shoes as something that could make its way into the Nation 's fashion magazines .
But just the facts that she took the risk , that she started her own business although her counseler probably told her not to do so and the fact that she was very creative in designing the form and pattern of the shoes made her to succeed .
If she would have remained in the patterns of daily life , if she just would have gone on the way she was used to do things , she would never have reached what she did .

So to my mind , successful people acctually try new things and take risks although this should never mean to loose the ground or to be unrealistic .
I definetely agree with the statement ; in my opinion , ideas and concepts are indeed extremely more important for students than mere facts .
In fact , from my personal experience , being a law school student who went through a long school career , the primary scope of learning is getting a real deep idea of the topics and therefore being able to master and criticise them .

That has always been my attitude , since the day I started school .
In fact my mother , whose profession is teaching , always taught me that the concepts are the most important things for a student .
Thus , on the other hand , memoryzing facts , dates and names it 's completely useless because as time passes , they will soon become confused , unclear , oscure data until they will complete disappear from our mind .

There is no use of knowing a date / name if you do n't know what it relates to .
On the contrary , as you learn , if you focus on the ideas and the concepts , you wo n't ever forget the essence of any topic .
Accordingly , in my opinion , only by focusing on the substance of the different topics the students can form themselves with a serious knowledge .
Ultimately , I think that it 's really important for students to think about what they study , to identify the underlying problems that are brought along with every topic and to attempt to form their own opinion about them .

Only with this attitude , the students will be able to become knowledgeble human beings instead of a group of worthless sheeps that does n't know how to think on its own .
This is true that most products look better in advertisements than they really are .
In this age of agressive marketing and bullish economy , it takes a monumental effort to successfully launch a product , and then capture a niche for the product in the face of competition from other similar products .

The problem which most of the manufacturers of different products face is that the market for their product is overcrowded with similar products .
So , in order to make a consumer base for their product , the manufacturing companies try to make agressive advertising strategies to make their product look unique and different from other similar products .
They try to rope in celebrities like film stars or sports personalities to work as brand ambassadors and spend a huge amount on making advertisement films .
Also computer graphics , animation and stunt directors are used to make advertisement films depending on the product and its target consumer clientele .

Few examples which we can see are the Cola giants , Coke and Pepsi .
Although the product is nearly the same , they spend a lot of money in making advertisements to look superior and different from each other .
Similarly we can observe advertisements of cars which are literally flying in the air .
All this is a part of a unique marketing strategy , to catch the consumer 's attention and creating a separate niche for the brand .

We should also acknowledge the fact that if the companies do not make the product look better in advertisements , nobody will buy the product .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and the product will fizzle out or die .
So this situation of aggressive marketing and making super ads is as much important as that of the making of the product itself .
Any good product cannot survive without look extra - good advertisements .
Personally , I totally agree with that we should have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject .

First of all , in fact , no matter closely or less closely , every subject is interrelated with each other .
We need broad knowledge of many academic subjects even we are majoring in a specific subject .
If we focus on one thing , failing to possess a wide span of knowledge of related subjects , we are even unable to be excellent in this given field .
For example , if we study physics , of course , we need to pay much attention on our physics books and remember all the complex rules .
But that is not all !
We need other kinds of knowledge to help us doing the physics studies .
We need to know about computer , which will help us with our researches ; we may need to know about English , in order to visit the foreign websites to see the latest developments in physics all over the world ; we may also need to know about lecturing , in order to spread our ideas or new discoveries .

Second , without the broad knowledge of many academic subject , we are unlikely to live an enjoyable life in today 's changing and integrited world .
Nowadays , the world has become more and more mixed , no matter in geographical sense or in cultural and academical sense .
We make friends with people from all over the world and we are no longer refrained within our little circles .
Our friends may be just specialized in totally different subjects or fields .
It is just unrealistic if we remain only familiar with solely one kind of knowledge .
So , in order to communicate with all kinds of friends and to boost interpersonal relationship , we must broaden our scope of knowledge .
Only by doing this could it be possible for us to lead an enjoyable and rewarding life in today 's world .

So , in a word , I think that it is high time we stressed on the importance of accumulating knowledge of many academic subjects .
I agree with the statement that it is important for the students to understand the concepts and ideas well and not just learn the facts .
The main reasons for my view are given below .

First reason for my veiw is that we need to implement the ideas and concepts in real life and just learned facts will not help our cause .
What we learn in school or college is of importance in real life and we need to implement it in real life scenarios , so just by learning the facts we wo n't be able to implement them .
Concepts of Physics or chemistry , which are essential in our day to day life , will never be clear to us .
We can learn that earth rotates around the sun , but we will never understant the reason for the same until we understand the concepts and ideas behind the factors like rotation and gravity .
So just learning facts we limit our knowledge and understanding of the small small things which we have to deal in daily life and from time to time .

Second reason for my view is that the learned facts are easily forgotten as compared to ideas and concepts which we understand well .
We do n't forget the concepts which we understand well and are able to remember them a long time .
The students who just learn for exams have less knowledge and forget the subject early as compared to those who understand the concepts .

However , it is also sometmes neccessary to just learn the facts and not understand .
Like the case of History subject .
We are not required to understand the concepts just learn and know the facts .

In conclusion , it is important to understant the concepst and ideas as we need to implement them in our daily life and also we tend to remember the concepts which are well understood as compared to just learning them .
But there are situations where just learning is required like the case of knowing the History subject .
I believe that while people who keep doing what they know they can do well can be successful for a certain period of time , they will eventually have to turn to something different and try new things in order to stay successful in the long run .
Thus , people who are successful over long periods of time are usually characterized by the willingness to give up the familiar and to `` explore the unknown '' , that is to try out different things even if they do not know how it will turn out .

In the short run , people can be successful by clinging to what they know how to do well if they are doing something which others cannot copy easily .
Consider , for instance , a painter who masters a certain technique of painting which is popular among buyers of art and which other painters cannot copy .
This painter may be successful even if there is not much alternation , say , in the themes of her paintings , because she is the only one who can produce such works of art and people are willing to buy them .

But success based on keeping doing what one can do well may not be of long duration .
Let us continue the example of the painter introduced above : Other painters may try to copy the artist 's painting techniques and themes , an eventially they may manage to do so .
If so , the works of art of the painter who had used this special technique first do not any longer stand out as much as they used to because others have gained the ability to reproduce similar works of art .
In order to stay successful , our painter may now have to try out something different : For instance , develop a new technique or turn to different themes .
She will have to explore new ways of painting .
If she manages to do so in a way which friends of art find appealing , she will again be one or several steps ahead of her `` competitors '' , and she will continue being successful and reknowned as a painter .

A similar logic can be applied to the case of industrial production .
A person who invents a new kind of product and who is the first to introduce it to the market will be successful in selling this product at a high price and will make profits if customers like this product .
However , over time competitors will manage to copy the product or supply similar substitutes .
Thus , the producer will have to decrease the sales price of his product if he still wants to sell it , and his profits will be reduced .
In order to keep profits on their previous high level , the producer will have to conduct research in order to invent and introduce new products ; that is , he will have to give up the familiar and try out something different .

Therefore , I believe that people who are successful over long periods of time are people who are willing to try new things instead of simply keeping doing what they know they can do well .
A lot of people are saying that , in twenty years , cars might start disappearing slowly .
But is this prediction relevant ?
Our modern world is going to face , in a few decades , many issues related to oil and the fact that our civilisation is nearly a hundred percent based on its consumption .
Indeed , oil resources are not eternals and some consequences of its incomming lack are already being faced : prices are going up and important political decisions ( such as going to war ) are being taken .
Moreover , virtually all scientists agree that the greenhouse effect is going to change our world if we do n't do something .
All those things might lead to the slow discrease of the number of cars .
They pollute too much and might become too expensive .

But , to me , saying that this change will occure within twenty years is false .
Indeed , specialists estimate that the oil resources will still last for fifty years .
Moreover , developping countries , like China or India , are becoming huge customers of the car industry .
All this tend to say that the number of car will still grow for , at least , twenty years ...

But yet , some changes can be seen around the world : new types of cars are being created .
Thus , I think that the car will never desc : it is just going to evolve to meet our needs !
Cars will be running with new types of energies like hydrogen or solar energy .
They might become smaller that the cars we know , include an autopilot mode , have a totally different shape or even fly .
But still they will be cars !
The concept of car will never disappear because people need their independance , they need to feel free to go where ever they feel like and on their own .
This is to say that public transport wo n't ever outcome cars ...

So the car of the futur wo n't , probably , look like or even run like the ones we have now , it might be a plane , a car and a boat at the same time , but it will never disappear .

All this makes me think that saying the number of cars will decrease in a twenty years time is irrealistic .
I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years from now than there are today .
My answer hugely depends on the country about which we are talking about .
In a developing country or an under developed country , the number of cars increase day by day .
As the development takes place in these regions , more business activity will follow and make the people richer .
As a result of this they will depend on the cars as a means of transport rather than on public transport .

This fact is evident from the countries like India and China where the number of cars on a road are increasing day by day , challenging the infrastructure of these countries .
As the economy of a country develops .
more people would prefer to have a convenient means of transport at their disposal instead of running for the public transport .

We can argue that two wheelers might increase in these countries in place of the cars , but car would always be a safer means of transport than a two wheeler .
So people would prefer cars to two wheelers when they have enough money .

But in countries such as US , UK , Australia which come under the developed countries category , there can be a fall in the number of cars in the future but I 'm not certain .
As the number of cars is already more in these countries , people might be looking at some other means of transport which is more comfortable than a car .
The air network is so developed in these countries that people prefer to travel by air rather than take a car when they have to travel long distances .

Whether it be a developed or an under-developed country , the number of cars will always increase provided that the infrastructure keeps up with the increasing number of cars on roads .
So the main thing is the infrastructure development ie the roads , bridges etc .
Increasing usage of cars also means that the world major car manufacturing companies can look forward to expanding their business and providing employment opportunities to many people .

So , the number of cars are set to increase in the future as the economies around the world continue to improve .
With the current trend of stressing a person 's ability to understand and apply ideas in modern workplace , a dillema that whether understanding concepts is more important for students than learning facts arose .
I strongly disagree with the statement as learning facts is a indispensoble process of a person 's development and should be highly emphasized .

The primary reason is that the facts we learned and accumulated are the foundation to bulid up and enhance our understanding of ideas .
When we were young , we had limited ability to understand the world around us .
It was the facts we told by parents , media and society helped us to generate a preliminary understanding of functions and roles of materials surrounded us .
Our understanding gradually developed by considering the facted we learned and applied it to the situation we face .
With the more facts , we would be able to unambiguously inteprete ideas and help us to apply in real world situation .
Therefore , learning facts is conducive to consolidate the foundationa and explore our capacity of comprehending concepts we encounter in later stage .

Learning facts also helps to develop an appropriate cognition of ourselves in the whole community .
Facts of the past and present time of various subjects and aspects of human community enable us to contruct our comprehension of our roles in society and help us to determine our career and life goals .
Without sufficient information , we might narrow our scope and focus our attention on a limited facet of problems we met as well as life decisions .
Learning facts broaden our horizon and enable us to explore our lives in all sorts of directions .

As a nutshell , the ability of comprehending concepts would only be practicle and utilitarian in real life situations when a person has assimilated adequate facts for him to make corresponding decision .
It is certainly not worthwile on stressing students ' ability to understand ideas and ingnore their needs to learn facts .
Schools are the first learning places for students about the difficulties of life .
The symptoms of ` how challenging a life can be ' are investigated during the schooltimes .
Being grown by an educational system of my country which depends on the understanding ideas and concepts , I believe and it is more important that to understand ideas and concepts instead of learning facts .

First , a student has to define and digest the thing that he/she is learning .
Instead of memorizing , one can and has to reason the subject that he/she is learning .
By doing that , she/he overcomes the situation of forgetting the important issues .
For example , If an experiment is done , the student should understand why and for which reason the experiment is done instead of memorizing the steps of the experiment so that the student will not forget that experiment and will not fail in the exams .

Second , one can not infer and make comments about a fact .
Facts are sharp things that one can not make some brainstorming to understand the situation .
The people should make some exercises on what they are dealing with .
For example if a phenomena is happened .
the student should ask why is this happened and for what reason instead of ` ok ' this is happened and let it go .

To conclude , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
One should examine , digest and come to a level of making some comments on that subject .
This is essential for the education systems .
Is advertisement misleading ?
That I think the way we can rephrase this statement .
The question implies that actually yes it might be the case .
But let 's review what is advertisement and discuss whether the process is aimed at `` embellishing '' the truth ?

What is the role of advertisement ?
It is , I believe to make aware the largest population of consumers possible of the existence of a new product .
So advertisement technically has a value of information .
At the same time it has the mission to promote to graeter number of people the product .
The ultimate aim of the advertisement is to convince the majorite of consumers to buy the product .

But I believe there is clear distinction between informing a poulation of the existence of a new product and promoting a product .
Informing is communicating facts in its minimal and truthful way .
For example , a new drug comes to the market and as health advocate you want to inform the community and health professionals .
What are you going to tell thes professionnals ?
You will give all the elements about the drug ( chemical entity , mechanism of action ) that help people to understand what it is , who it is for , and what are the risks associated with its use .

Now when you see the avertisement for a drug , a drug for arthritis ( painfull debilitating disease ) for example what do you see ?
The add tells you what it is and who can benefit from it .
But it is also showing you some great , slim , lady happily jumping , running , .
In addition , in many cases , it 's also telling you that it 's much better than so and so .
So what does it mean .
Is this drug much better your cure ?
Does the advertisemnt refklects tells you what to expect from tyhat drug ?
My answer to that is not so simple .
The advetisemnt is not lying but it does n't give you the real facts , the truth .
It does n't telll you , for example , thatthis drugs is good f for only one category of the population , that drug may have some unplaesant side effect .

So my advice : be circumspect when it comes to advertised drugs .
When people travel to remote places they ussually think that the best way of getting to know well the place they are visiting is by being in a group led by a tour guide .
This statement can be true if the person traveling is visiting the place by the first time .
Other way , by personal experience I think it is better to travel only with the people you know and without a tour guide .

The tour guides are of great help if you do n't know the place you are visiting .
In a lot of cases if you do n't travel with a tour guide you can miss a lot of places to visit because you do n't know where they are located or what is the importance of this places .
It is very important to know what are you visiting and what it represents , in the case of historical sites , biuldings , or places .

In my case , I like to travel alone .
That way I can go wherever I want , the times I want , and stay the time I want in different places .
I am an architecture 's student and obviously I like to travel .
The reason I like to travel is to know places of great architectural and historical importance and I love to have time to appreciate every corner of the place I 'm visiting .
I like to see everything , to touch everything , and to feel everything .
To do this I need a lot of time and I ca n't have someone telling me where to go , what to do , or even telling me false stories about some places .
For example , if I have the opportunity some day to visit the Versalles Palace , I would not like to have someone telling me what to look or where to go .
I will like to dance in the Mirror Hall and to smell in serenity the smelI of the garden 's flowers .

I think that if you know the place , or at least are familiarized with the place you are visiting , it is important to go in your own peace , and do things your own way so you can enjoy the best your travel .
This does not means neccesarly that if you do things more privately you are not going to enjoy the trip .
success is often measured by the amount of money one has or the number of propeties one owns or the number of cars one has .

nowdays people have ample oppertunities to prove themselves in varios fields of their choice and generally they venture into jobs which have been tested over a period of time and thereby reducing their chances of failure .

according to me successful people are those poeple who willing to take risks and are ever ready to try new things .
according to me risk equals reward and the more risk you take the better will be your reward .
when a person tries a new venture he does not know what the outcome would be and therefore he works extremely hard in order to make it function properly .

taking the examle of the stock market where the risk factor is extremely high since you know you could easily loose money if the market collapses , and then you look at the returns generated through the market which happen to be far more than what you would have earned putting your money in a banks fixed deposit .

many people in todays world have made career decisions not according to norms laid down by earlier societies which confined people to choose between becoming a doctor , or businessman , or accountant .
etc but today even people such as artisans , computer enigeers , pilots , artists to name a few are doing incredibly well since recent societies demand diversity and if you choose a profession which is likely to become a hit with society then you know that your risk or gamble paid off since you will be successful .
Personally , I am agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
My point of view depends on two arguments , the first one is that I believe there is no profit without risk .
The second one is that repetition of a task or a job turns out to be a routine .

The common saying of the business argues that there would be no profit without risk .
When Opel , the German car manufacturer , first introduced their small car model `` Corsa '' , many people asked that why someone would purchase small car .
But Corsa had reached tremendous sales number in all over the world .
Opel took the risk of producing a small and unusual car and sold millions of Corsa all over the world .

On the other hand , we can see lots of failure stories about new products , jobs , even marriages etc .
The main reason for failure is the involvement of risk and the amount of risk can never be calculated accurately .

However , some people prefer to do what he \ she already know how to do .
Personality , culture or economic conditions can be effective for not taking risks .
Doing the same thing for a long time results in specialisation in any task .
However , it also results in repetition of task , in another words , it cretaes a routine .

As a result , the dilemma of taking risks or not depends on whether you are a risk takeI believe I am a risk taker and would prefer to try new things and to take risks up to some degree in order to be successful in my life .
I do agree with the following statement .
I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I have several reasons to share : First of all , young people have usually much more energy than older people .
For exemple , young people can go do all kind of sports like skydiving , scubadiving , dancing , and a lot of other sports , without really think about the heart or bones problems .

Second , yound people still have to live many years and experience many different things .
A teenage wants to become independant and go to travel all around the world to make his own experiences , but older people are often already set with husband or wife , and with children , and prefer to relax at home during the week-end .

Third , yound people have much more free mind than older people .
Young people from today in France for example , live a life with a lot of comfort and do n't worry much about wars or hunger , but some grand-parents experienced the war and remember the difficulties of this time .
Some have resentments against Germans for example , but young people live all together in peace Germans , Spanish people and all because they did n't live the war .

Fourth , young people can experience much more things with the evolution of the science .
There are many innovations today that young people can use for their everyday life , that older people did n't have at their youth time .
Like the MP3 that can carry many songs and most of the young people use it .

To conclude , i think it 's normal that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Everybody is young one day , and become old an other day .
There is no denying that many politicians and scientists have raised awareness concerning the problem of car pollution since it is now usual to hear about this issue in all the media .
However successful a solution to the car problem will be , it is a thorny issue in so far as everyone agrees that something must be done for the general interest but in the same time does not want to give up driving his or her own car .
It can be inferred from the opposition between general and personal interests that these latter will win at least for the next few years .
Thus , I am strongly convinced that more cars will be used in twenty years .
I believe this because of three main reasons , which deal with wealth , the problem of fuel and the problem of space .

First , it seems obvious that some countries will use far more cars than they use today because they become wealthier every day .
These developing countries , such as India and China , are peopled by more than one billion inhabitants who cannot afford a car for the moment but will be able to do it more often , by dint of having a huge economic growth .
Thus , people who are going to give up their cars in already developed countries will not have any effect on the amount of cars in use since other people will drive more cars than before .
Moreover , it seems impossible for developed countries to prevent developing ones from driving more cars because developed countries have already done the same .

Some people would say that the problem concerning petrol will lead to a fall in using cars .
I do not agree with this statement .
There is no problem as far as fuel is concerned because two solutions exist .
Either companies find more petroleum or another type of fuel will be used .
Some countries , such as Brazil , have already changed fuels by using oil that comes from agricultural products .
So , it seems to be true that car manufacturers will not have to be worried about this problem .
Cars will keep being the unavoidable motor of our economies .

The third reason why I believe that more cars will be in use in twenty years is that I do not agree with the people who argue that fewer cars will be used because of the traffic in cities .
It is true that more and more cars in cities cause unbearable traffic jams , but it is not true that people will stop driving for this reason .
I state this because car manufacturers have already shown that they were able to solve this problem too .
Their answer consists in designing smaller cars , which take less space and are more easy to park .
The most famous example in Europe is the success of the car named Smart .
If more people drive smaller cars , then there will be no problem at all .

In my view , more cars will be used in the future because nothing
Cars have become the most impotant way of moving from one place to another since they were invented in the end of the 19th century .
In the following essay I want to make clear why I personally believe that the number of cars will rise in the future .

The first point I want to mention is that we live in a growing society .
The world 's population have risen for last decades .
And so it will in the future .
This is a clear sign for an increasing demand in cars all over the world .

Another really important point is that not only the world 's population rises but also the wealth of people grows .
China and India are some of the fastest growing economies around the globe .
With an accumulated population of more than 2.4 billion people there is a huge potential of future car owners .
If just half the population of these two countries will buy a car within the next 20 years the amount of overall cars will rise significantly .

Also an important reason for the assumption of a rising number in cars is that there is no real alternative .
In most big cities like London or New York public transport ca n't even cope with the amount of users at the moment .
Flying have become cheaper though but it still is n't an real alternative to the car .
Because it still is too expansive .

In conclusion one can say that there are enough signs that clearly point to an ongoing increas in car numbers .
The growing populations just makes sure that there are enough drivers .
Far more important is that the very strong economic situation of emerging countries like India and China provides these potential drivers with the money and therefore with the opportunity to buy a car .
And because we have no real alternative to the car these people will buy one if they can afford it .
Today , many technological advances are being made to reduce the pollution emitted by cars .
The gas from the muffler tips of automobiles have caused a serious amount of air pollution , but nonetheless , I believe that cars will maintain their numbers after 20 years .

To start , techonology has made cars much more `` green '' , that is to say they are less harmful to the environment .
Green cars will evetually replace the modern gasoline or diesel powered automobiles , which will lead to cleaner air .
As more and more efficient techonologies make their appearances under the hood of our cars , we will all be driving a car that does little or no harm .
But , we are not going to get rid of our cars .
For example , in the U.S. it is pretty much impossible to live without a car .
Why ?
It 's because due to the large amount of land , everything is spaced out nicely enough , but in unwalkable distances .

Next , when 2026 rolls along , the advent of flying autombiles , jet-packs , etc will make it to the door of some people .
In other words , those who can afford those high-tech gadgets .
Jetpacks and flying cars might reduce the number or cars , but how many people will own such ?
Very little .
The lucky few might fly around town , but the majority of us will be driving on Route 95 on our new all-hybrid Civic .
So , technology will bring about a slight decline to the number of cars , but still not enough for us to notice the difference during our everyday commute .

However , this is n't to say that the number of cars will stay the same or decline just a little .
If technology keeps on advancing at a rapid pace , I believe that we will have invented a new form of transportation that is far more efficient than the autombiles we drive today or the ones we drive in 20 years .
If this is the case , then the decline in the number of cars is a thing that we all can look forward to .

In summary , I would say that a lot of factors will contribute to the decline or incline in the number of cars .
The real situation that we will incounter is something we wo n't find out until it is at our doorsteps .

Regardless of techonological improvement rates , I am sure that there will be at least a small decline in the number of automobiles .
If there is no decline , at least we are going to be able to live without worrying that the exhaust from our car is going to create a hole in the ozone layer .
Yes i agree with the statemen , `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' as people gain success they experiment with new ideas and takes risks of implementing those ideas .
The main purpose of this experiment is to increase their growth and success in fields other than what they already know perfectly .

For most of the successful people success is not the only goal , but their goal is an increase in success with the passing time .
I think risks must be taken so as to explore other fields inorder to achieve success .
Success of an individual depends mainly on his self confidence and his skills in adapting what he dont know .

Trying out something is the basic step of attaining success or failure .
Only after trying out something that is new people are directed towards success or failure and in case of success people try to expertise themselves in that particular field and later on try for some new things to add on to their success .

An organization which is successful in providing people with a soft drink of a particular flavour will later on take a risk of trying out something new by introducing a new drink , if it fails then the drink may be withdrawn from the market but in case of success the gain a huge business and sales .

Success it attained by dedication , hardwork and skills , a successful person feels independent and keeps on trying new paths or ideas to increase their success .
But people who dont try new ideas maintain the same position at which they are present since a long time .

Success is achieved by taking riks and implying new ideas , new ideas are helpful steps and a right path for people who are successful .
Unfortunately , the experience of buying a product and not getting what we had expected is common to everybody .
However , it is not a frequently occuring experience .
We live in a society that is completely consumer driven .
People buy countless products in their everyday lives and are perfectly happy with what they have bought and this is the reason why they keep buying .
If consumers truly believed that they were being tricked by deceptive advertising they would simply not buy the product anymore .
Taking into account that consumers are the driving force in the economy this would undoubtedly send any company with such deceptive practices into bankruptcy .

Nowadays , it is no longer tolerable for a company to decieve their customers through advertisements that make their products look better than they actually are .
In fact , important organizations have been established in order to protect consumers from such deceptions .
The company involved in such activities would have to face large fines as well as the very negative publicity that such a scandal would cause .

Another reason why it is infeasible for a company to make use of such advertisements is because of the competitiveness of the world market .
Monopolies are no longer the norm as in the early 20th century .
Companies must constantly be seeking for ways to offer the customer a better product because they know that if they do not keep up with the market it will most definitely not wait for it to catch up .
Deceptive markiting is not a good choice for any company .
The world we are living in is a globalized and competitive one , as economies have come closer to each other , producers and consumers are growingly becoming part of one single global market .

Goods and services can now be offered through out the world with very little barriers and similar technologies available to almost every producer .
Therefore , products are becoming increasingly difficult to be differentiated .

In order to differentiate , produces look for the objetive and subjective qualities that can make the product unique or distinctive , and then they must communicate these qualities to its potential consumers , mainly through advertisement .
So every day we face endless promises of how good and special a product can be , some times appealing to the objective qualities or the subjective qualities , or perhaps a combination of both .

I consider this is to be fair right that producers have in order to succeed in this competitive market .
The statement that false promises are made by produces is rather unfair , since mostly it refers to the subjective qualities of the product .
In the end , it will always be the customers choice to purchase the product based on his or her personal preferences .

Lets consider the example of a car advertisement where they first explain the specifications of the engine and technical features .
This is are mostly objetive qualities , and the producer has the responsibility of being truthful , actually , false claims are not only illegal but also harmful to the manufacurer long term success .
On the other hand , when they explain the subjective elements that will make you buy the car , they are appealing to your personal taste , which will be the judge of how good or not the car is , leaving no room for seeming to be what it is not .

In conclusion , I must disagree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are , since it is founded on the premise that the advertiser could be liable for differences in judgements on subjetive matters .
People start leaning , observing and thinking at the early age .
In schools , they express their opinions and exchange their ideas .
Some might have different opinions from others , while others tend to think in a same way .
It is important to pay attention to other 's opinion and understand them .
You do not need to accept it , but to approach other 's idea also can help you have variety of ideas .
I beleive that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

First of all , leaning other 's ideas and concepts prevents from becoming a self-centered person .
In fact , how you interact with your classmates and teachers in school has a huge impact on the way of thinking .
If you are more likely to wonder the process of the result , you would be able to think a lot more than others who just want to know facts .
Knowing facts is also sufficient , but the point is that just learning facts can develop your knowledge and earn good scores on exams , but you would not gain the ability to think more deeply .
As a result , when you became an adult and worked , you would not be able to adapt to a society you belong to .
It is valuable to know how to exhange the ideas when you are a stude Secondly , creation is more important that knowing facts .
By understanding ideas and concepts would help you find new ways , and create new things .
If you know only one way to think about things , you would not innovate anyhitng .

In conclusion , with these two views , I strongly agree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
It is an important decision , how to plan your syllabus .
Some students prefer to take a lot of courses and expand their knowledge , whereas some other prefer to specialize in one specific subject .
In this essay I will dwell on the advantages of specializing in one subject and argue in its favor .

There are at least three reasons why choosing one subject is better than trying to keep balance between many subjects .
The first and most important reason for me is that this way people concentrate on one thing and do not feel anxiety about time-management and deadlines .
In contrast , student who take three or four subjects are very busy and stressed , because they have to prepare for many exams and see different lecturers , which is confusing and the results are not as good as those of the ones from the one subject plan .
In addition , when one specializes in one subject then this person has more chances to be well-informed about it and do his best , being sure he recieves the best knowledge and invests in something substantial and prosperious .
The second reason is that this kind of studying gives the opportunity to work and gain your own money .
Usually students depend on their parents and have to explain why they need money , which is not very pleasant .
For instance , I used to work when i did not have many lessons and I was happy that I was able to succeed in working and doing something important as an adult does , relying on my own experience .
The third reason is that the students can pay more attention to their relatives , friends and even their hobbies .
Moreover , life is not only studying and if we cannot enjoy it , we should rethink our point of view .
For example , students , who do not have fun and only study , get sick and miss the both chances .
The psychologies have proved that working hard is not the best for our health and we should take rest from time to time .

In my opinion , it is better to specialize in one subject , because this choice makes us have more healthy life , which has is successful too .
I agree to the statement where I believe most adverstisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Such statement can be supported by my own personal experience and my friend 's experience .

Through media , such as magazines and televisions , many products are advertised .
Many of the products seem very cheap and good in quality from the way they are presented .
One day , I was watching an advertisement channel where they sold a hair removal spray .
The advertiser showed how anyone can remove their hair by spraying on their hair and simply wiping it by a towel .
The show also showed a person remoivng her hair through wax very painfully , trying to get across the point this product is better than any other method to remove hair .
Strongly convinced by the advertisement , I bought the spray and excitingly waited for its arrival .
When the product arrived , I tried on the spray immediatly .
I was dissapointed when the spray did not work at all .
I kept spraying and wiping but my hairs never came off .
From this experience , I realized how advertisements make product seems much better than they really are .

Another example that supports my opinion is through my friend 's experience .
My friend ordered a cosmetic magazine since she was interested in buying some make-up for herself .
When she took a look at the cosmetic magazine , she was surprised at herself for not buying all of her cosmetic through magazine .
The product were much cheapter and seemed better than buying at stores .
She told me how she was never going to buy cosmetic products at Sephora or other cosmetic stores .
My friend ordered a pack of lip sticks through the cosmetic magazine and she was busy bragging about it to her other friends .
However , when the lip sticks arrived , they were so much smaller than they appeared in the magazine .
The lip sticks were only about 1 inch long .
From then on , my friend learned to never order anything through magazines .

From these two experiences described above , it can seen that most advertisements do make products seem much better than they really are .
We should all be causious of the advertisements and look into it carefully before buying any products .
Inventing the Wheel Again

The method for being sucessful in life is not written on an ancient egyptian scroll .
In today 's world no one can really determine what will be a hit or not .
Inventing a new things is sure necessity to be sucessful , but one should not blindly take risks in the sake of it .
One 's experience is his best treasure and his best guide for reaching sucess .
Successful people improve on what they already do well .

Imagine someone who wants to be a good swimmer .
He first learns freestyle and as soon as he learns it enough to look good , he starts learning butterfly , backstroke , breastroke and so on .
While a competitor chooses his best stroke to be freestyle and puts just the same energy and time to freestyle only .
The first swimmer can race and be good in all styles but when he races freestyle , the second swimmer will win .
Success in sports is similar to success in life for many things .
If one does n't focus on one thing and learn it quite well he wo n't improve on it .
Successful people plant their strategies well and work on the things they already know to improve themselves .

In order to be sucessful in a subject one should bring something new into that subject .
In order to bring in something new to the table , one should first know what 's been put on the table .
Successful people who has experience on their subjects already know not only what has been done upto that point , but also they understand what is needed next .
Someone looking at a picture from outside cannot see the next step , cannot see what that businness field is lacking and what would be a big gap filing invention .
Taking a risk on new things without and experience on it is like driving in dark with no headlights .

Being successful does not mean doing only what has been done up to that point without chaning it .
Successful people always re-invent and improve things in their fields .
The first rule of being successful is not stopping and always improving on what one have .

Success stories are based on doing dramatic things .
However it is only a fair luck to be successful in a field by just taking risks and trying new things .
New things are necessary for improvement and success .
But for new things , experience is a must .
Successful people are the ones that try new things in the light of their experiences .
I agree that a person who wants to be succesfull in his life must have a broad knowlegde of a vast majority of academic subject .
First of all when a person is in the process of having a coversation with any one he will have an idea of what to talk about during there discussion .
For example if you were taking to your dad 's freind who is a doctor that is specialised in the heart it would be useful to have some background of how the heart functions and its stucture .
It could also prove useful as genaral knowledge during day to day activities .
For example if you were asked to buy a certain product at a supermarket you would need to know how to determine whether this particular product is benefcial or not .
This could be achieved if the basic knowledge of business studies is available to you .
It could also help in your scocial life by allowing be to become more closer towards you .
This means that you would be able to gain and select form a larger range of people to become your friends .
Being specailised on certain area sometimes promotes bordem due to every day repetion of tasks .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects also has some disadvantages to it .
Firstly it promotes unspecialisation in people since they only have minmal knowledge in a certain subject .
It also resricts a person from having a job were he is good at and is specialised at .
It also makes a person seem unprofessional since he has no real skill to give to the working world and society itself therefore he/she has no contribution .
Also people who are specialised most of the time obtain a higher salary than people who are not professional or specialised .
I agree with the statement '' the best way to travel is in group led by a tour guide .
Before someone travels to a place about which he does n't know anything , he has to have an organized plan for his trip .
If he did n't have a plan , he would miss a lot of things .
The best way to have a guranteed and accomodative plan is to let the tour guide do it for many reasons .

First of all , the tour guide is a specialist and and know about the place more than the ordinary person .
The tour guide wo n't miss any place that is worth of visiting .
The ordinary person might not have the ability to know all the nice places that have to be visited .

The second reason is that the tour guide saves the time and the effort that the person would spend looking for the tourism places .
This will make him use every hour and day of his travel without missing any in thinking where to go and in sitting plans .

Moreover , travelling in groups is a llot of fun .
It is better than travelling a lone .
The travel time becomes shorter by making friendships with the other people at the trip .
When people travels in groups , they have nice memories with each other more than if they travel a lone .

Group travel with a tour guide leader also reduces the possibility of getting lost , robbed or involved in a danger .
The tour guide would be trained to solve such matters while the individual might get in troubles and does n't know how to deal with the people in that country .

The language also an important issue .
If the person did n't know to speak the language of the country to where he is travelling , he would have many troubles and difficulties communicating with the people there , but if he travelled with a group and with a tour guide , they would help him to communicate and also learn from them .
Successful prople try new things and take risks and not just confining themselves to fields they already know .
They do use their existing knowledge to try new things .
Using their existing expertise they develop courage and bent of mind to look into new aspects and find out the new things .

Successful people try new things .
They look into other aspects and do not fear from looking deeper into that .
Every body knew that apple falls towards earth but only Einstein aked the question `` WHY '' and dared to find out the reality .
He didnt simply accept that things are like this .
He investigated into this and today we have the explanation for many phenomena based on his theory only .

Today we have many technological advancements going on .
Many scientists are working on those findings .
If these scientists had not taken the risk of exploring new things we would have been still in the same state as our ancestors .
These scientists were successful as they tried new things and worked hard to find them .

All the discoveries owe their allegiance to successful scientists who tried to find new things .
Had the columbus not set on a sail to prove the earth is round he would not have discovered a new country .

Success always favours those who take risks .
Industrialisation is occuring at rapid pace .
Persons setting them up are not neccessory technocrats .
But they want to try new things and hence taking risks .
Ideas are no one 's property .
Every one can think new and work for them .
But only those who beleive in them and work on them are successful .
They work and gain the expertise slowly .
The fear of being getting failed and not taking risks cannot bring success .
If a child doesnot take the risk of running he will never become good athlete .
All the successful businessmen are there as they tried new things that were later on accepted by the whole society .

At the same time some may say that if a person works on what he knows he will be more successful .
This is true to some extent but in the same field also he needs to think differenly and try new things .
If a persn continues to work on what he knows , he will not be able to expand his horizon of knowledge .
To gain perfection also he needs to try new things and take the risks .

Thus it can be said that for success in any field whether known or not there is need to try new things nad take risks .
The fear of being failure and not looking at new aspects can not bring success .
Is it more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ?
I strongly agree with the statement for three reasons .
Understanding ideas and concepts is important for development of students ' ability to apply , to care for others , and also to come up with questions and theories .

First of all , without ideas and concepts , students cannot use the knowledge in daily life .
For example , let 's say there is a boy who has learned the pythagorian theorem but has never been taught how the mathematicians came to the theorem .
He does not know where and how the facts came from , therefore is unable to apply his knowledge for some similar but different problems .

Secondly , I believe that the sense of moral issues can only be developed through vast knowledge of ideas and concepts .
To understand how people act , students have to know ideas and concepts about human mind rather than facts , because everyone is different .
If students are taught moral issues as facts , not as concepts , they will likely to stick with that idea and not able to think of other people .

The last and probably the most important reason is that understanding ideas and concepts well may lead the students to develop with further questions and theories .
Knowing where and how a fact comes from gives the students better understanding about the fact .
Moreover , further investigation using concepts will lead some of them to find facts that have never been discovered .
Development of theories is definitely due to well-understanding of ideas and concepts .

Some adults , even the teachers , insist the students learn facts rather than understand ideas and concepts .
I strongly oppose to that opinion .
As I stated , understanding ideas and concepts result in students ' ability to apply knowledge , to understand moral issues , and to come up with questions and theories .
I completely agree with the statement .
Today 's young generation hardly gives any time to help their community .
I feel so because , I have observed this .
I feel if this continues , it may result in the decreasing growth of country .

I had free time last weekend .
So , I was roaming around in the city .
The very obvious thing which I could observe everywhere was , teenagers dancing around in pubs , drinking , gaming , playing music .
At the same time I could see people starving for food in slum areas next to them .
But , they were not bothered at all .
I felt really bad and asked myself if this is the generation which is going to run this country in coming years ?
Our country 's future is in these hands waving unbothered in pubs ?

Having fun , enjoying with friends is not a bad thing to do .
But , one should always realize that there is a big mob of people around you seeking your help .
Bringing a smile on their face would surely add a lot to your community .
The young generation can always spend few hours per week to help their community .
They should realize their need for their community .
They should realize that the future of their country is in their hands .
Helping out the community is very crucial for a country because , the country grows with the development of community .
The implied meaning is , the teenagers giving more time for helping out the community is crucial because , they can always utilize some portion of the time which they spend hanging around .

There are many organizations formed by group of young people in order to help out the community .
But , the teenagers hardly know about them and they often do n't pay attention at these things .
I think , we should make today 's young generation realize the importance of community services by publicizing such organization and letting young people to participate more in their activities .

Finally , I would say , the enthusiasm young generation should not waste their energy by hanging around .
They should contribute to the country 's development by giving enough time to help their community and make the country grow with them .
Although according to some people learning facts is more important for students than understanding ideas , I believe that the latter one is the key concept in education .
Understanding ideas and concepts about lectures is very important in a student 's life because they teach the reasons why something happens in a particular way .

A person who memorizes or learns only the facts about a topic can answer many questions about it correctly but when he faces with a situation where he has to modify , repair or make comments about something he would not be very successful .
Knowing facts only is not enough for making comments on a topic or explaining the reasons for something 's happenning .
In order to successfully do these one has to know the answers for the questions like what is going on or what are the underlying principles which can be learnt by understanding the ideas and concepts about the topic .

Think of business life where people are faced with many difficult problems .
Many of those problems can not be overcame by not knowing what really is going on .
For example , in a software company which is designing and building a highly complex and huge program employers usually have to solve problems related to the algorithms used in the program or even create new algorithms to solve a problem .
Also , the solutions that are made must be not only successful but also efficient .
In order to create an algorithm which brings a successful and efficient solution to problem , the employers have to be able to understand the problem as a whole , think and comment on it and create new ideas based on the old ones or even from scratch .
This of course can not be done by just knowing facts .

As a conclusion in order for a person to be successful in his life he has to learn the ideas and concepts behind a topic because from my point of view , this is the most important thing that helps people developing new ideas or explaining current ones .
While I am 18 years old and still going to school and will continue to do so for at least one more year , I agree with the statement .
It is extremely important to achieve as high of a broad knowledge as possible .

I think that knowing a lot in many different academic subjects will get me further .
Basic knowledge is the key to success .
I believe that this is the reason why several `` Gymnasien '' in Switzerland for instance focus on a broad knowledge .
Eventhough no student will be able to use every subject he or she studied in school or university later on , the subjects are essential for doing a great job in the chosen profession .
For example , if I will go study and specialize in business later on , I wo n't get anywhere only with my knowledge about business or economics .
In the business world you need a strong sense of language and communication skills .
No matter what you choose to be , language is important , especially english .
If a person has no knowledge in english , he or she wo n't be able to contact someone in another country or work internationally .
Also important , wherever you work or what you study , is math .
A person will be confronted with math questions all his life and will need to apply math in specific situations .
It is rough to get through life when one does n't have a broad knowledge .

Nowadays it is even more important , since one can change his job or academic field of work more easily than before .
In the olden days people chose their proffession and usually stuck with it for the rest of their lives , always doing the same thing .
Today , one can easily switch to a totally different field and still do a great job .
In this case one clearly needs to have a broad knowledge to accomplish such a change .
In my opinion it is getting easier and easier to do so .
In some cases you do n't even need to major in business anymore if you want to work as a manager .
It 's simply important to study or work in the field you like to achieve high academic or work related success .
Of course in this case , a sense of knowledge in every field of study is essential .

It definitely is important and reasonable to get as much of a broad knowledge as possible .
Specializing in any specific subject is not wrong either and also important , but it is way better to do so in addition to a broad knowledge .
The best way to explore a city or a hole country is with a good group of people and an excelent tour guide .
City knowledge , fun and respect are well related with this statement .

When you first travel to a new country it is important to find someone that can take you to the places that you can not miss in your trip .
Eventhough you can get some knowledge from books and Internet about the cities and important places , tour guides give you the exact information you need to know such as theorical facts but also myths , leyends and beliefs , which many times are more interesting and not found in books .

Besides city knowledge , traveling with a goup of people is a very interesting activity because you get to know new persons with different characteristics which help you understand different cultures , attitudes and ways of thinking .
For example , the first time I traveled to Europe I did it with a big group of people , although they were all mexicans I realized there are a lot of different customes in my own country .
It was a great experience because it encouraged new friendships .

Finally , respect is a value well-related with this kind of trips .
Time is an important aspect .
A lot of times we do not think about people 's time , but in this kind of trip everyone depends in the other so punctuallity is a very important topic .
There I understood an excellent frase from an argentian economist named David Konsevic : `` Never take people 's time , when you do this you are taking part of their lives '' .
Not only time but also respect for people 's beliefs and customes which in many cases are different from ours and some times hard to understand .

In conclusion , by experience I can support the statement which mentions that traveling with a group led by a tour guide is best way to do this activity because of better city knowledge , fun and learning to respect people 's time and beliefs .
Knowledge is like a sea .
It is so vast that there is no end to it .
Even if you feel you have expertised in the subject there will always be something related to that subject which you are not aware of because in every subject there is always some advancement being brought .
In my opinion it is always good to have knowledge about different subjects rather than a specific subject .
These are the following reasons for which I support this opinion .

Firstly , knowledge of different academic subjects will always give a person better job opportunity when he steps out into the competent world .
He will have different choices available with him from which he can choose the better one for him .
However if he is equipped with just a single subject he has no choice but to go for jobs available in that field which might not be as appealing as he thought it would be .
I had one of my friend who studied geography but then later she ended up realising that she was not in the right place and she wolud rather enjoy better if she was in the field of computers .

Secondly , it avoids boredom .
We become lethargic studying something for a long time .
If we are studying more than one subject we can switch over to the next and get a change .
For instance , if we are studying history for five hours and we have music as our alternative subject switching over to it will always be refreshing .

Thirdly , we obtain an understanding in different areas of study .
By specializing in a single subject we will have knowledge about only that particular field .
However , world is filled with variety of things and if we are to encounter anything else other than our subject we might feel as if lost in a forest .
This is not good because it can keep us away from mingling with others and this can also lead to frustrations in life .

Hence , I feel it is better to obtain bit of knowledge in various subjects because this will help us widen our horizon .
It will help us to find a place in society and also help remain happy .
Travel in a group with a tour guide is gaining poularity nowadays and some people do consider it the best way to travel .
However , it is not for me .
I am a person who believes in self-discovery and I like discovering places on my own and at my own pace .

For me , travel is a discovery and making friends with local people , getting to know them and living their culture is the true experience of travel .
I believe in taking out time to understance the cultural nuances of the new place and attempt to comprehend the true culture of every new city that I visit .

I have heard quite a few stories from people who had a fantastic time in group travel with tour guides .
I myself have sent my parents to such trips when they come to visit me as they are old and having a tour guide is the easiest way for them to have a comfortable , safe trip in a foreign land .
But , for me , with age on my side right now I do n't feel the need for a guide .
I believe that when you travel to someplace new you should be in that mood - willing to explore , try new things and meet new people .
Traveling on your own gives you the opportunity to converse with the local people and the `` authentic '' stories that you hear from them are incomparable to the pre-planned , oft-repeated stale information from a guide .

So far my experience with a group led by a tour guide has been fairly limited .
It was only on one occasion that I opted for such an arrangement and that was on my trip to Kerala in India .
The group was well organized , our itinerary fixed and lots of places planned for in the short trip .
I do n't think I got the real flavor of the state as the pace was too fast for me to understand the diversity and the traditional values the country is so famous for .

There are benefits of a group-travel .
But , personally I am all for travelling on my own .
I like to set the pace of my trip , relax on some days and explore a lot on some other days and most importantly , get the true flavor of the country and not just visit the so-called `` points '' of tourist-attraction that group travel arrangements usually entail .
Young people often wonder about their future , questioning if they will be happier when they get old .
In general , older people lives happier life than the young .
First point that I want to address is that the older people are more stable emotionally As people become mature as a human being , they would not be tempered as quickly as they used to be .
we discover that it is meaningness to be agressive .
For example , I hated everyone at school when I was in middleschool .
However , when I read To kill a mocking bird , a novel , I started to realize that it is wrong to hate someone with no reason Second , older people lives happier life by managing or overcomming their hardships easily .
There are times of desperation and sadness in our lives .
To prevail frustration is very important to avoid depression and anger , but young people usally does not have ability to do so .
Statistics conducted on 2006 showed that there were average thirty students for a day who committed sucide because of their academic pressure .
It is relatively bigger average rate than of adults , while it is not ture that students bare more stress than adults .

The last thing I have discovered is that older people appreciates things in their life more .
My grandmother knows how to appreciate small thing in her life such as sunshine , food , and house ; it seems that she gets happy every moment in her life .

In contrast , young people tend to be careless and negative .
They say `` Cool '' only when there is a really nice things .

In Conclusion , Older people tend to have happier lifes .
By mangaging frustration , emotional stability , and appreciation of life able them to be happy in every aspects of lives .
I agree that most advertisement make products seem much better than they are .
But I am not upset by this since the first goal of an advertisement is to make people like and buy the products .
In my opinion , the real problem is that alot of people believe that some of these advertisements tell the truth and that is why we should provide some clear and objective information about the products in other to keep the consumers informed .

It would be really hypocritical to say that advertisement does not li .
Since its goal is to make the consumer purchase a product then it is logical to only tell the advantages of the products and not their drawbacks .
For example imagine an advertisement that shows a car .
If it says ` This car generates a lot pollution and uses a lot of oil ' , nobody will buy the car .
But if it says ` This car if one of the fastest one and is extremely confortable ' , then a lot of men who likes speed will buy it .
That why it may be logical to make a product look as good as you can if you want to sell it .

Nevertheless the problem is that consummers have to be aware that advertisements do not always tell the truth .
The key point is that they do n't provide a part of the information .
That is why I think that it should exist some independent companies which goal is to compare the products and provide some objective information about them .
For example we could imagine a study that compares all cars with the same criteria and would say about the car of my first paragraph : ` Ok , this car goes fast and is very confortable but it is not ecolocical at all and you will moreover need a lot of gas which is expensive ! '
.
Thus , the men who like speed but are concerned with ecology would maybe buy an other one .

As a conclusion , I think that advertisement will always make products seem much better than they really are .
In my opinion , the real problem is that consummers should be aware of the real caracteristics of each product and that is why the role of independant organisations that keep the consummers informed are very important .
I completely agree .
That is the purpose of an advertisement , to try to make things look better than they really are .
Our society is based in capitalism and consumism .
The more you make people buy things ( even the ones they do not need or work as they should ) , more money is made and companies are able to grow and expand .
If a company selling a specific product wants to be profitable and expand , it needs to let everyone know that its product is the best .

Now , if you are trying to sell a product but you just realized it has some flaws , would you tell the custommer about that ?
Most people would n't .
It would imply to invest more money trying to make the product better and capitalism is about making money not expending it .
After all , if a company can make money selling quality products they will do it .

In advertisements , marketing people look at the good points of a product and focus on them , making them look like the best option for the consummer .
Obviously , they wo n't say anything about its disadvantages or problems they will try to make people want to buy that product .

However , that 's why some countries have aggencies to keep track of custommer complainings made about bad products .
If they find there 's a problem with the product they might contact the company responsible for that and make it fix it or do something else in order to compensate the custommer expenses .

I think the important point here is the ethics of the company trying to sell products .
If the company only cares about making more money , they will try to sell low quality products , however if they have good ethics , they 'll try to sell always the best products even if they need to expend more money
I agree to the statement , that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them learn facts .

First of all , the motivation of learning should be to know the things , to fulfill the thirst of knowledge .
This ambition should be the reason , why somebody decides to study at an university .

Second , if somebody learns only facts , it will be even harder to keep the facts .
The human memory has evolved by nature in order to better survive on this planet .
At these times it was helpful to understand ideas and concepts , for example , understanding nature in favour to use it .

Therefore the human is not suited to learn facts , in comparison to the computer .

It could be asked , why students have to learn facts at all ?
The reason is simple .
Facts are needed to be present in the mind to construct or to follow a theory as much as bricks and stones are needed to construct an house .
If students do n't learn any facts , they ca n't follow any theory , which rely on facts .

Therefore it is neccessary to learn facts , but the motivation for it should be to understand ideas and concepts .
Learning facts has to be viewed like a tool , which some people like to use and some people do n't , but the reason to use the tool does n't lie in the tool itself .

As I described above , the human mind is not intended to learn facts .
But to develop a complicated theory , it is neccessary to know facts .
Therefore the society created rewards for using learning facts .
A teacher rewards a student , if he learns well and if he learns facts accurately .

Some students are attracted so much by these rewards , that they only learn facts to achieve the reward .
Everybody of us experienced them in the school class , where some pupils learned very ambitiously and accurately , but it was easy to see , that they prefered receiving the reward instead of satisfying their thirst of knowledge .

As a solution to this phenomena at school , I propose to reward the understanding of ideas and concepts much more then just learning the facts .
The pupils need the discipline to the learn facts , but they also need to see , why the are learning them .
The issue in hand is that , whether the number of cars in use will reduce in twenty years .
This issue is important because a means of transportation is very crucial in this busy world .
The believe that , the use of cars will not reduce in the next twenty years because car is the best way of communication in the present century .

I think this opinion of mine is better because travelling from certain distance in car is very comfortable .
This is because many people travel in bus as they feel it is more cheaper .
But the buses now-a-days are so crowded that it is very difficult for a person to even stand in the bus properly .
Their transport becomes very tiring and this is the one best reason I feel cars should increase in number in the near future .

Additionally , I feel that travelling in car reaches us to the destination on time .
For example , there was one of my friends who would travel in train from his part-time job to his campus .
During winter , due to some problem , the trains have been stopped and later resumed their journey after an hour which made him go late to his college where he had to miss his one hour exam .
Based on this , i feel that if that person woud have travelled in car , he would have atleast taken a different route which would have made him reach his destination on time .

Thirdly , I strongly feel that the price of the cars now-a-days are getting cheaper than they were earlier .
This will certainly make most of the people to have a car of their own .
Moreover , many people are preferring to travel in car to any place within their country as they feel it is much more safer and convenient for them .
So , these are all the reasons that make me feel that my opinion is the right one .

In conclusion , I would finally like to say that the number of cars in use will not reduce in twenty years , but rather they would increase in number .
I believe this because cars are the most effective way of transport in this present world and it is very much important for every family to own an individual car .
I agree with the statement , that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The reason in doing so is rather obvious .
By taking an example my point of view might be understandable .
For instance let us look at an MP3 player .

There are many MP3 players on the market .
Why should I take a product from company A if I can have one from company B. So the marketing has to face this problem by creating something that may convince the customer to buy the product .
That is why advertisements may want to convince the customers that there is a certain incentive that only this product has .
Maybe an MP3 player has the function of a calendar , that no other MP3 player seems to have .
So the marketing and the construction departement may be focussing on the calendar , but neglect the core function : playing music .
It may happen that I am fascinated by the calendar and buy the MP3 player , but may be frustrated because the rest is not what I imagined .

A second argument why products may seem better than they really are , can be that a customer can choose from a variety of things to spend the hard earned money .
Should he buy the MP3 player or the DVD player , that maybe not transportable , but can also play MP3s .
By making the product `` larger than life '' a customer may favor the MP3 player over the DVD player .

Finally in this world of consumption everybody wants to have something special .
So the advertising agencies create a certain sense of individuality with there advertisement .
As I mentioned before : There are many different MP3 players .
Why should a customer choose a certain one ?
Because the advertisement does not only create a sense of extra-value but also of individuality .
The iPod for example costs more than other MP3 player without a certain incentive , that nobody else has .
Still it has enormous sales figures because people think they get a special product that was made just for them .

To put it in a nutshell : The question that every marketing agency has to deal with is : Why should a customer buy our products ?
They can achieve this goal by making the products seem much better than they really are .
The issue at our hand is wheather it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I think it is better to be specialized in one specific subject .

If one chooses a single subject in which the student wants to be specialized , he will be more focused towards that specific subject and its implimentations and he will become a professional in that subject .
Where as if he has broad knowledge of many academic subjects he will be half focused towards all the subjects and he would not be able to handle any subject perfectly .
Because of this reason i think it is better to be specialized in one specific subject .

And also he can spend much more time on that perticular subject and he can concentrate more on that subject with which he can improve his knowledge in that subject by presenting several papers on it and doing several projects for the implimentation of the subject .
where as having the broad knowledge of many subjects may make the student purplexed .

Lastly consider an example of a person who can play chess , basket ball and cricket .
If he tries to play all the games and if he practice all the games for equal duration he will not be able to better utlize the skills he is having .
where as if he concentrates more on a specific game he will be a champion of that game as he is more focused towards that game .

Finally as the being specialized in specific subject he will be more focused towards that specialization and he can better utilize his knowledge and skills for the implementation of the subject , he learned .
Because of these reasons I think it is better to be specialized in specific subject .
Young people are the mediums of carrying on the human race .
Yet , are they aware of their potential in creating the future ?
In order to create the future , youngsters need to be present in today .
In other words , they have to involve actively in the problems that their society faces on by helping their society .

To begin with , the use of high-speed means of technology like internet brings in the opportunity as well as the need that everything has to be done quickly .
That is to say the present era places great emphasis on individuals who are sharp and quick in action .
In a society where everything happens so fast , young people worry about the assets they need to have too much .
Therefore they do not allocate enough time and energy to the people who are out of this system like older ones .

In addition , one of the requirements of modern era to compete in order to get more hinders the young people to develop sensitivity to the other people who do not have chance as much as they do .
As the number of people who live with inadequate resources increases , young people turn their direction away from helping poor and uneducated people .

Besides , today 's world are full of conflicts and wars .
Yet young people are indifferent to these issues and do not want to take part in the political decisions .
In this way they enable the wars and conflicts to go on while isolating themselves from the decisions that their governments make which may be harmful for their society in the long run .

Consequentially , because young people are too busy in meeting the needs of modern age by investing themselves and competing with others , they miss the needs of their societies and at the same time the chance to build up a future for the successive young generations .
I disagree with the statement and i believe that the numbers of cars would have increased manifold in the next twenty years .
This conclusion stems from the belief that our ever increasing population various technological improvements will contribute greatly in accelarating the demand for newer and more efficient cars over the years to come .

The next twenty years will see a tremendous growth in technology thus providing the necessary stimulus for various innovations that will benefit the automotive industry .
These will spurt an unrestrained growth in the number of cars thus leading to a far greater number than what is in existence nowadays .
Alternative fuelled cars such as hydrogen fuelled cars will become popular and will be sold extensively with the added benefit of being environment friendly and safe to drive .
These measures will only attract customers which would otherwise be dissuaged from buying cars due the the global oil shortage and environmental concerns .

The growth in population has no limit .
In the coming twenty years , i see a tremendous growth in population thus contributing to a larger workforce .
This would have a two fold effect .
Firstly , the increased workforce will require a convenient means of transport and secondly , they would have the power to purchase due to the ever increasing salaries .
Aall this would obviously lead to people indulging in the purchase of cars .
This scenario will be prevalent in a country such a India in which people consider a vehicle to be a status symbol .
So in the near future i not only see a car for every home in Inda but also a car for every family member in most homes .

In view of the above reasons , i 'm convinced that the number of cars in the next twenty years wont be declining but increasing at such a rapid pace that I can imagine the decision to buy a car at that time being taken with the same amount of seriousness as the decision to buy a music system nowadays .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know to do well .
Nowadays , people dare to change their ways of acting , their ways of thinking and just throw themselves in something new to them , because they are lucid enough to realize that nothing is free nowadays , and above all bored enough with their dull everyday lives enough to refuse to me doomed to constance and non-evolution .
Human beings are made to love dangerous and exciting things , to be curious about anything they never had the chance to experience before , and have hidden abilities or even talents for things they did not know .

In my opinion , taking risks is inavoidable in order to succeed .
Risks may frighten you and make you feel weak , unconfident with yourself , with what you are doing .
But still , they strengthen you , allow you to discover your limits and your gifts .
I think that people can absolutely not do anything without being aware of their own limits doing that thing .
For instance , last summer while I was in England for a linguistic journey with some of my friends , I saved someone who were drowning in the swimming pool .
In the very second I see that little girl going down the water , I knew that was the moment of my life .
I could not think or imagine what could have happened if I let her drown .
My reaction was so instinctive and natural , I just threw myself in the water , embrassed her little body and lift her up so she can breathe .
I would never have imagined before that I was capable of saving a life !
It was a shock for me but above all a great discover , since I commited myself to join a club to learn how to save people in emergency situations .
Now , I created my own club , and decided to give myself to helpless persons who needs help in some difficult and brief situations .

I took a huge risk in saving the little girl but I succeeded in doing it in I am very proud of myself .
I have always been a shy person , not that sociable and I just discovered something that existed in me .
I figured out the person I really am or can be and this pushed me to take more and more risks and chances to do as many as possible wonderful things on that world because people do not know how good persons they can be and have to prove what they are able to do for their world .
The question before hand is that whether young people nowdays do not give enough time to helping their communites .
I am in complete disagreement with the aforementioned statement .
I belive that young generation actively participate in the functioning of the community .
The youth now are more interested in community work then ever before .
The following reasons will further buttressed my belief in the acitve involvement of the youth in community work .

Firstly , nowdays young people are involved in many community works by associating themselves with various political parties which are dedecated towards community related works .
These political parties/organisations require the youth to effectively raise there voice and the youth inturns gets involved in it so as to make a mark for themselves .
For example , there is a political party called shiv sena in India which is mostly comprises of young students .

Secondly , non-governmental organisations which are cheifly controlled by young students are established to allow the young people to raise there voice on community related issues .
For example , an organisation called the Youth Parliament is controlled by some college going students who wants to educate the school going childrens by discussing all community related issues .
it opens a discussion forum over all issues centering our community .

Thirdly , many students specifically take time out of there busy schedule to be a part of an old age homes or any protective homes for the special childrens .
A survey conducted by a popular magzine , ` India Today ' shows a inclination of the students towards community works .
the survey rated the community work conducted by the young people more effective then conducted by the people of more mature ages .

Finally , young people are also associated in raising there voices on community related issues by filling public interest litigations in the court .
Recent studies shows that the slap suits filed in the court regarding community work are carried out by the youth .

To conclude i would like to quote Jacob Arnold a renowned author who once stated that , `` the pillar stone of any community is not the work carried out in it , but it is the participation of the youth in carriying out the community work counts '' .
Many people argue that it is best to do what they already know how to do well , and not take risks .
Personally , I strongly believe that successful people are those who constantly try new things and reach for the unknown .

In fact , as my middle school french teacher once told me , `` you learn from your mistakes '' .
I agree with her .
From my experience , I can tell that mistakes often help you to improve , because you remember them afterward .
Therefore , you know what you should n't do next time .
If you never try new things , though , how can you `` learn from your mistakes '' ?
You do n't improve , because `` improving '' implies that you are dealing with something new , and want to get better .

Also , I think that ambition is very important .
It makes learning exciting , and often contribute to your success .
If you keep doing the things you already know , it can get very boring !
For example , back in France , I played the piano .
After seven years , when felt like I had reached a really good level and did n't need a teacher anymore , I decided to play the cello as well .
I do not regret my decision .
To be able to play several instruments was very interesting and exciting !

Finally , I believe that taking risks is important because when you succeed , it gives you a lot of satisfaction and pride .
In fact , because you reached a new goal , you feel like a whole new person .
For example , I will always remember when my father told me that we would soon be moving from France to the United States .
At first , to be honest , I was very sad .
I did n't want to leave my friends and I was afraid of the unknown .
A few months after we had moved , I felt very different .
This experience has been great .
Now I know how to speak english , I made new friends ...
I even plan to attend college here in the U.S .
If my family had refused to emigrate because it meant taking risks , we would have missed the best experience of our lives .

In conclusion , I agree with those who say that `` successful people try new things and take risks '' .
Of course , when `` taking risks '' is too dangerous , I would not agree but in general , ambition is great .
I do agree with the statement that the number of cars would reduce in years to come and they will be fewer than the present in twenty years from now , but restricting to the developed countries .
The number would be on the rise in developing and poor countries .

In the developed countries that are already at a stage where there is a car for every individual ( adult ) and the pollution and traffic is at their peak there would be awareness about the vehicular pollution and trafic discomfort that leads to citizens opting to other cost effective and environmental freiendly modes of transort like the public transport system , Metros , busses etc. that will surely reduce the use of the personal cars .

The information technology , boom in computer technology all these lead to reduction in the movement of men , where the works can be finished directing from one place .
All these events might result in the usage of fewer number of cars and effective transport system in twenty years from now .

But this is not the case with other part of the world , the poorer countries the developing countries where the possession of car is synonymous with high social status and the personal vehicle is still a luxary .
for example if in the developed countries ther is a car in every home then in other countries with far more greater population there would be a car in every 10 homes .
this is very much true atleast in countries like india .
In such countries there will be a big boost in the number of cars owned by the individuals and it will then peaks in the tweny years from now .

It would take a minimum of 20 years for countries like India to reach the position where the US presently is .
Not only will the number of cars will be on the rise but also the transport systems will improve further incresing the efficiency of travel and indirectly the number of cars in use .

Hence twenty years from now the situation of the number of cars and transport systems would depend on the place considered .
But universally the number of vehicles will be lot greater than the present number .
I agree , most advestisements make seem their products and offers better than what they really are just because they dont show the other side .
Many promotions of products advertise their products the way they wish they were but actually are n't because they havent found a way to create the product that way or just because its cheaper the way it is .
But , since one personally knows the truth , one doesnt care about the quality and just sells whatever will earn them profits .
Its incredible to look at this and see the way people have turned to be ; from being so honest and hellpfull in the past to being blinded by money and material interests .
It 's clear that people today day 's will do anything just to appear to others likeone has achieved all wanted goals and have reached fame and power .

A false advestisement can be seen like a quarter , promotion of one face of the quarter , you may be fully convinced that its great and that its all true but when you get close and see all the caracteristics you get to know that there are two sides of the quarter .
Its strange how so many products have been sold in great amounts when one can see the false advertising clearly , so clearly that you ask youself `` how come people buy this ? ''
.
Disgracefully we 're not all brains and people today days get distracted easily , we give the attention mostly to the things that dont matter because we dont do the reaserch needed to compromise yourself with the important things in life and the ones with good quality .

Although some company 's have no '' head '' , no true leader for when there are trouble and demands for products , one can see that there allways has to be a '' head '' in a plan .
Company 's do research , investigations and interviews to find out ways to attract customers , to find out what people are looking for .
This way you pay attention to the good things and not to the bad ; this is a good strategy but in a negative way since it fools buyers .
By puttings attractive colors , pretty designs and catchy names they have all the attention they need from the customers and what they could say `` in our hands '' .
Unconsiously they fool us , they put so much artificial things that they cover the product completely ; it could be just like advertising a completely different product , a total fake and false one .
In general , I would say that both are important and they complement to each other .
In my experience , I would say that it is more advantageous for students to undertand ideas and concepts than to learn facts ; although , this may not be true in all cases .

Firstly , the study of facts is based on the understanding of concepts and ideas .
It is not possible for a student to understand properly a fact if he or she does not have a basic knowledge of the ideas an concepts which constitute the basis of these facts .

Secondly , while the study of facts is based on memory , the study of ideas and concepts allows students to use their reasoning in order to understand the causes and effects of things or facts .
The understanding of concepts allow them to establish relationships between different concepts as well as their causes and effects .

However , it is also important to take into consideration that each educational method has its own advatages or disadvantages according to the student .
For some students it is easier to learn through facts , while other students understand better through concepts and ides .
These differences depend on the type on intelligence of the student .

The study based on the understanding of concepts or facts varies according to each profession .
For example , philosophers learn based on abstract concepts and ideas ; which they identify in facts .
On the contrary ,

I conslusion , I belive that understanding ideas and concepts provide students with more valuable tools and skills for their future lifes .
However , there might be some cases in which it might be more beneficial for a student to learn based on facts .
Today , the world has grow on a rapid pace with fast development and high technology .
Through the innovatives of scientists and engineers , cars become part of our everyday life .
In my opinion , the numbers of cars would increase instead of decreasing in twenty years ' time because cars are convenient , traffic systems are improving and lack of alternatives .

On average , each house has at least two cars in my neighbourhood .
This example applies to most of the urban and sub-urban cities around the world too .
I strongly think that cars are the most convenient and easy means of travelling on roads .
Compared to motorcycle or bicylce , it is less dangerous and it could accommodate more passengers .
These qualities are equally important to the people in future whether the distance between one place to the other is short or long .
Consequently , the number of cars would easily increase .

Besides , cars are undeniably the most important vehicle in the world when it comes to travelling on road .
As countries all around the world racing to develop their traffic systems , it is proven that cars serve as the best travelling medium .
With the government working on ways to reduce traffic problems and improving the condition of roads to facilitate more cars , it is believed that the usage of cars are highly encouraged .
Therefore , more people would remain or resort to cars as their main vehicle when it comes to travelling .

In addition , there is no adequate alternatives to substitute the usage of cars .
Due the convenience and easy-accessible of cars , many would resort to cars instead of other forms of transportation .
For example , the train .
Although it is an environmental friendly type of public transport , the construction of the stations and railways would costs the government an exorbitant amount of money .
It is rather impossible to connect the whole country with train services .
Thus , cars are still the main option for the people in twenty year 's time .

Despite the forever increasing price of gas or petrol , and also the number of road accidents , in twenty years there will not be fewer cars in use .
With the cooperation between the government and the people , those minor factors could be resolve while the people could enjoy fully the benefits of using cars .
It is more important to understand the ideas and concept than to learn facts because if one is not clear with the idea , one can not get the details of facts .

Understanding ideas can be related to history or and event .
Lets say you are asked to write a detail about your country , for example India .
You will be able to see the present situation that it is an Independent country which is the fact but what were the consequences it underwent at the time when British people ruled the country and how did the the freedom fighters gave up their lives for the independence of the country cant be achieved .
so it becomes necessary to understand both facts as well as idea behind it .

If one is watching a painting , one wont be able to make out the idea behind that painting but as the matter of fact he will picture it according to his own point of view .
It might be that for a painter it is a painting of his family and he s expressing his views in that painting but for the viewer it might just be number of people standing .
But if the student is provided with the ideas and facts together than a student will learn as well as understand the concept behind it .

i once experienced that one of my frind told me that my best friend is just using me for some work to be done and i started hating her for that because that was the idea i got from the information but i could have spoke to her and understood the facts behind .
Just by not being aware of the facts i almost ruined my relation .
so at times it become necessary to understand the whole thing than to just go with the idea .

Teachers have a bigger hand in using the ideas and facts in a proper form to make the students aware of the importance of both the facts and ideas play an equal role in understanding any concept .
They can incalcate the ideas from beginning so they grow and give equal importance to both .
Trying to guess what is waiting for us in twenty years is not an easy task and making an accurate forecast is almost impossible .
Nevertheless , we can try to analyse the current situation to guess what is to come in twenty years as far as cars are concerned .

During the last fifty years , there has been a constant increase in the number of cars , and when we consider the new markets like the chinese one , with more than one billion people , we may think that yes , there will be more cars in use in twenty years than there are today .

Nevertheless , other points are to be taken into consideration .
The demand is increasing , but can we really supply that demand ?
And more precisly , can we fuel all these cars ?
Our fuel supply are slowly but inevitably decreasing , and prices are getting higher and higher .
This is why we will have to find new solutions to be able to reach the demand .

Solutions are being developped , and with the fuel prices rising , there are getting more competitive .
Some cars are already powered by ` eco-fuel ' , made from plants like beet for instance .
These new fuels are told to be less dangereous to the environment and are pretty efficient .
Obviously , they are only part of the solution and not the solution , but with this example , we see that alternatives already exist .

This is why I think that in twenty years , there will be more cars than today .
People want cars and the technology is there to make sure will be able to get these .
I actually believe that this is just an economical problem : when the fuel price will rise enough and corporation will see that they can make money with new technologies , they will .

As a conclusion , I would say that yes , there will be more cars in use in the future thant there are today , nevertheless , these cars might be really different than those we are using nowadays .
Young people do contribute to the communities in some or the other way though not all do .
But most of them get involved in social activities helping the communities and the society as well .
Youngsters always have a special feeling for their country and the society they live in which makes them to contribute for the communities .
But not all are with that spark , reasons being many like the atmosphere there are brought up , the personal experiences they had and etc .
Many help their nations by offering social service and thats how they take time to help their communities .

Youngsters due to many reasons feel a lot for their nation .
The have a very good spirit of helping the society .
One reason could be the heartwarming delivery of civic lecture from an well versed professor .
It could also be the different TV shows broadcasted on the theme of patriotism .
Young people are engaged in their colleges with variety of tasks .
Most of the them point to their responsibility towards their nations .
The classroom lectures and the general conversation among the peers makes them to think about how well they can do for the betterment of the society .
Once the thought occurs , the very first answer would be to get involved in social activities by joining a community if not many .
I can cite few examples from my personal life .
There was this conversation among my peer group with our lecturer guiding us .
Suddenly , the technical aspects of my country were related with the political issues .
On further discussion , it came to my notice that the infants too were the victims for the country 's citizen 's carelessness towards the society .
We started by browsing for communities doing good social service .
We all joined it and helped it in encouragin children to opt education over work .
We helped a charity home from being devasted by filing a petition in the high court and giving a consistent strong support .
In my experience of getting involved in such activities i realised that there are many students and younsters trying to do something for the nation by joining and forming communities .
I think things have improved when compared to past regarding the young people .
Their interests are quite of a matured kind and contribute to the society one or the other way .
A living and popular example of youngsters taking enough time to help the society is `` LOK PARITRAN '' , a party formed by five Indian ex-students of IIT 's .
Its lucid that they take out more than enough time to help for the nation 's betterment .
But i admit that not all youngsters take out time for the nation or communities .
There are few who dont take time at all and wander here and their ticking their moments way .
Be it any community , not all show up active participation .
Few of them keep themselves away from such things intentionally and few are not aware of such activities .
Few of the younsters are too busy with their acadaemics to even think of extra ciricular activities .
Few stand right considering their situations and circumstances and few do n't as they dont come forward though they have a chance to .
But most of the youth has focussed and is focussing on improving situations around .
They join communities and aim for accomplisments that serve better to the society .

Though not all young people take out time for social activites , majority of them do .
Few take out a little time and few quite a good time .
There are people from the youth who dedicate themselves to communities .
Coming to a stand would be very difficult because of the varitey of people living and acting according to their circumstances .
On and on the , younsters do contribute to the communities by taking out enough time , but not all .
There is a saying in my language that goes like : ` If only the young could know and the old could do ' .
This explains an important lesson , but one has to attain a certain degree of wisdom to understand it .
In my opinion being young is more enjoyable , being older may make somebody more experienced but it would not make his life less boring .

While you 're young your mind is fresh , open for ideas and future is full of possibilties .
Excitement is more preferable than the regret which inevitably comes with the old age and even feeling of fullfillment ca n't beat the hapiness you feel when you 're upon a new discovery .
Just remember your greatest triumph .
Would you feel the same after ten years passed ?

Nobody can deny that having an energetic , heathy body is better than being frail , dependant on medicine or on someone .
You ca n't try parachute jumping if you 're past 60 .
Doctors would n't allow it .
Even the eating would n't be the same with lots of constraints .

It 's always easier to meet and get on well with new people as a young person .
People accept and trust each other easily .
It 's simple to find common ground when you 're young .
Older people tend to be more rigid in their views .
Traits and ideas begin to turn to stone .
After a certain age it becomes impossible to change them .

Let 's face it ; people do n't get wiser when they get old .
They only get old , both in mind and the body .
It 's becomes harder and harder to deal with them so unfortunatly some families even consider to send them away .
The immense growth of advertising in the last decade or so , is indisputable .
The phenomenon of ` implicit learning ' , as coined by psychologists is not only exploited here , but also used jointly with techniques that influence human decision-making , making the advertised products seem more attractive than they already are .
There are several ways in which advertising could influence decision-making by presenting products in a more desirable way .

While watching TV or travelling on a train , the advertisement itself is the first thing that attracts one 's attention even before the product is on display .
We find certain scenarios more interesting and laughable or enjoyable and catchy than others .
The use of memorable and easy slogans , although how annoying they may be sometimes , are retained in memory like no other information .
The repetitions of those slogans , along with greater and repeated exposure times , is a key factor in the retention of a certain product in memory .
No matter how bad the product or the slogan might be within aesthetic guidelines , people remember !

On the other hand , the advertising community will know their audience better than anyone else , especially if the commercial becomes successful in selling the desired amount of their product .
There are certain types of ` appeal tactics ' that they use such as presenting a certain character trait belonging to the audience , followed by how the current product will help enhance or complete that character trait .
By playing on insecurities or the ` coolness factor ' , advertisements could push their way into the decision-making process .
A product could be presented as someone 's long-waited-for solution to all problems , whereas it 's someone else 's ego-booster .

The advertising world has also technologically advanced itself in order to get better access into one 's mind .
The use of multiple media sources such as TV 's , radios and newspapers give more than one dimension to advertisements themselves , hence making their products more desirable .
The TV in particular is a great stage for that purpose .
Commercials can now use greater graphic design and animations to be more interesting and attention-grabbing .
Products look more colorful and the effects are more intense .
For instance , a washing powder could be demonstrated in so many different ways such that even the molecular construction of it is conveyed .
The video presentations that follow are interesting and convincing , making the products look much better than they are .

Consequently advertising enhances product desirability in multiple ways and usurps many techniques that visual technology , in particular , offers .
This leads to better advertising skills and more convincing results in order to make products more attractive .
Enjoyement in a undefined term , it depends on an individual to define something enjoyable .
A humanatarian wont find a wrestling match enjoyable but other may .
Ahunter would be delighted after hunting but a wild life protector would be engulfed with pain and agony .
Whether something is enjoyable or not is solely at an individuals disrcretion .
the situation , state , environment all are responsible for defining whether a particular situation is enjoyable or not .

Young people are supposed to be enjoying there life to the max as they are not restricted by any kind of physical problems .
They are fit and a passionate to work and can enjoy the life without any problems .
They can do what ever they want to do .
They can eat anything they want to , indulge into all kind of activities , and can be careless .
They can protect themselves and are independant .
This is could be an advantage on the physical front .

On an emotional front they are more strong .
They can take tough decison and can venture into risky propositions cause they have ample time to make amends for if something goes wrong .
They dont have that much responsibilty and can be more open about there life .

They are carefree and and are seldomly under pressure of something .

The biggest problem that young people face once they are old enough to understand the realities of life are the presuure of making there position in the society , choosing a career and building it up , standing up to the expectation of others and ownself .
They have an entire life to plan out and once they have achieved it they can enjoy more then any one .

Old people can also enjoy there life if they have all the basic necessacities available to them .
They dont have to think about there future any more , they can lay back and bask , wake up , have a cup of tea , call up there friends and play games or have discussions .

The only problem that they can have is on the medical , thats the only thing that makes old age painful otherwiose if an old man has the basic amenities for his survival and is still indipendant then he is far more happier .
He is over with his responsibilities and has no more tension about his future .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This statement according to me is not appropriate as we can observe in our day to day life many older people enjoying their lives more than younger people .
But of course at an average we see alot of young people enjoy life more than older people .

Young people enjoy alot because they are still at the intial stages of their life and they are not encounterd with any practical problems of their lives .
And at the young age people have less responsibilities , so , they generally dont encounter any problems in day to day life .

People at the young age are generally looked after by their parents and it is their parents who provide all the facilities neede by them .
So people at the young age enjoy life alot .

But this is not the case every time , if a young person from poor financial background may not be able to get all the facilities and therefore it needs for him to work very hard to survive i.e he need to spend more time on working hours and so he may miss all the enjoyment and fun that his fellowmen are having .
So it depends on various factors that are surrounding that particular person .

And coming to older people , as these people have gone through various phases of life they are not easily attracted by the pleasures of enjoyment .
Some people may have gone through the enjoyment phase in their early stages of life , so , they are not that inetrested in enjoyment and rather like to spend their time on the things that give pleasures to them like helping the people who have lost their families in a ntural disasters , that is by doing social service .
Older people with good financial conditions and people who are satisfied with their achivements mat enjoy alot than the average young people .

So concluding , i would like to state that the enjoyment of people whether they are young or older depends on the circumastances and conditions of their lives .
Therefore it is true in some cases but it is bot the case in some other conditions .
Finally i would like to state that the statement given is not always true and so it cannot be agreed or disagreed .
The `` fun generation '' has been critisized a lot in the recent years .
Elderly people complain that young people do not care enough for the community as a group of people living together in one place .
Young people are often told not to spend so much time in front of video games or in the internet .
Indeed , interaction on a local basis has decreased though it will never cease to exist because people will always be physical .
So there will always be some kind of involvement in local communities interactions .
But there is one aspect that elderly people easily neglect .
The ways that young people nowadays get involved in communities and work in networks .
Parts of the lives of young people have become virtual .
There are these gamers on the one hand who built the image of the fun seeking kids and young adults that do not seem to care for anyhing rather than killing people virtually .
But one the other hands there are obvious communites in the internet that communicate and help each other .
These most often use the virtual community to get involved in stuff like promoting their sportsteam , building websites to promote ideals , setting up agendas appointments , discussing political issues in certain online coummunities and of course to chat with each other .
The internet has become a tool to make physical live easier and much more convinient .
People do not became self centered lonely people .
In contrast many of the younger generation helped their family members to become part of network communities or even showed them how to use these new technologies properly .
I do not know how often I advised my parents how to work with computers .
Lifestyles have shifted due to new working requirements and technologies that made this possible .
Young people do not fear new technologies while older people do .
This has always to be considered when judging this topic .
Thus the question should not be if young people do not give enough time for their local communities but `` do older people accept that the lifestyle has changed ? ''
.
The issue at hand is whether or not it is more important for students to grasp the meaning of what they learn than just learning facts by heart .
This is a very important question as many pupils just learn their stuff by heart in order to satisfy the teacher but they are not really able to practice their knowledge .

In agree entirely with the statement because students really have to be aware of what they are studying in order to be successful in a test or the real world .

In the following I will try to support my opinion by using several points and examples .
One reason which makes me claiming this , is that if you just learn a fact but you do not have a real idea why you are learning it you can not complet an examination successfully .
As most of the questions in a test are transfer question you have to know how to practice your knowledge and just knowing the fact will not be a good help .

Based on this point I think being aware of the ideas and concepts is the better solution .
Moreover , I take the view that understanding ideas and concepts is much more important than just learning facts in the outside world as well .
Let me exemplify what I mean , if you have a job interview and you know that it is very helpful to show a good behaviour this is good for you .
But it is much better if you know the reason why this behaviour is important and how exactly you have to react , for instance you have to be aware that good behaviour consists of friendliness or being honest and so on .

Thus , I think that my view is the right one .
Furthermore , above all it is very important for people doing sports or doctors to understand the idea and concept of what they are learning .
What I am trying to say is that a doctor for example not just have to know facts about a specific operation .
No , he has to know when he has to do this kind of operation and especially how he has to operate !

This is a very good example showing us how important it is to understand the idea of what we are learning .
In conclusion , I have stated different points in order to support my opinion .
The understanding of the ideas and concepts is much more relevant than just learning examples in order to have success in different spheres of our life .
Colleges nowdays offer a huge variety of classes .
Books on library shelves talk about every subject one could think of .
People , students in particular , are left wandering wheter it 's better to concentrate on something in particular or on many different subjects .
I believe it is better to have a broad knowledge , basically for three reasons .

First of all when you go to college the maturity of adulthood is still far away .
Seldom have I met undergraduate students who already knew what they wanted to do in life .
Because of this I think one should try to develop a broad knowledge on different subjects .
A borader knowledge will give you a broader perspective to life , an open mind and the ability to make the best of the opportunities life will give you .

In addiction to that , personally I would never spend three or more years of my life specializing on the same subject .
I know there are people who do , and some of them seem to like it : for instance my friend Girolamo has been studying the behaviour of earth worms for the whole last semester !
I could never do something similar .
Concentrating on the same matter for too long can be boring .
Stuying is already so difficult , facing new issues and interesting matters often can help to cope with the burden of the deadlines , midterm papers , books , and so on .
This is worth for young students but for adults as well .

In conclusion statistics have been carried out on people who attended classes on different subjects when they were at college , which basically means they have a borad knowledge rather than a specialized one .
The results show that they usually have higher wages than people who concentrated on a specific academic subject .
This of course does not mean that taking up photography and biology will make you a better person than someone who knows Plato 's `` Republic '' by heart , or has studied French for all his life .
But it does mean than generally you will be more adaptive , which is a key quality in nowdays everchanging world .
Knowledge is a very important part of our daily routine .
Gaining knowledge may be a very imprtant part of a students career .
Students gaining knowlede are offered jobs in view of their knowledge towards a particular subject .
It may be a point that it is essential to have a minimum grip over the remaining subjects rather than just having broad knowledge about a single acadamic subject .

So by the following we can say that it is better to have a broad knowledge about many acadamic subjects rather that just a single or specific subject .
There may arise different situations by which the broad knowledge ove a specific acadamic subject would be sufficient .
Just consider a software engineer who has a broad knowledge about the software part of his system is not capable of solving the hjardware issues arising .
In the same way a person who is good at computers cannot work for a company where mechanical engineers are required .
Hence if a person is capable of having broader knowledge about the various acadamic subjects there may be chance that he mey even jump from one sector to the other just like a person findin softaware jobs more interesting thjan the mechanical jobs .
He can change his platform only if he has a broader knowledge about the software concepts .

Having broad knowledge over various acadamic subjects would help us out in various situations .
Let us even consider a person attending an interview in a huge establishment .
Ther is no gaurantee that the inteview may contain questions relating to his subject , rather the interview may even consisit of questions over various issues relating to various other subjects .
A person who is capable of containing broader knbowledge over just one issue may not be able to get through the interview to get the job .

We can even consider the part of quiz competetion that include the subject of various other subjects rather than just a single subject .
A person with broader knowledge over various subjects may only be capable of clearing the quiz competetion .

Hence we can say that `` IT IS BETTER TO HAVE BROAD KNOWLEDGE OVER MANY ACADAMIC SUBJECTS RATHER THAN JUST SPECIALIZE IN ONE SPECIFIC SUBJECT '' .
Indeed , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The passion and inexperience of youth allows people to embrace new challenges and experiment freely with circumstances and situations .
For instance , while the cares of home and hearth may not allow an older person to retire early and travel the earth , a younger person , who is not similarly attached , has the freedom to back-pack around the planet , without worrying about a wife , a child , an income , the rent , or the various other mundanities of everyday life .

Real world experience informs us that as most people get older , their lives tend to follow a pattern .
The natural cycle of birth , life and death , is interspersed by the human cycle of education , work , marriage , family , retirement and old age .
While in the early stages , we seem to be writing our own destiny , the concerns of a spouse , children and work ( while they may be enjoyable in their own right ) , tend to limit our freedom , and establish a time worn pattern of life that each human being replicates in his/her own fashion .

Youngsters are not only bereft of responsibility , they also have the singular advantage of being healthier , having more energy , vitality and vigour than older people .
This allows them to stretch their limits and accept demanding challeges , both physical and mental , that allow them to enjoy life to the fullest .
While on the one hand , this could translate into a bungee-jumping thrill , or a rigorous race , on the other , it could mean the ability to balance a college education with an extra-curricular pursuit , such as dance , music or art .

The most fascinating aspect of youth is the tremendous hope and opportunity that lies ahead .
While in college , we may dare to dream about conquering the world , and single-mindedly pursue our goals , as we get older , barring a prodigious few , we are restricted by the knowledge of our own limitations .
While experience and maturity have their merit , nothing can rival the optimism and endurance of youth .
A person with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is able to understand people from all kinds of different academic fields , while a person who specialized in one specific subject is not able to .
However , when a person who specialized in one specific subject is able to make it a profession , a person who just knows little bits and pieces about many subjects is not able to .
In my opinion , this depends on what kind of future you are looking at .
If you are trying to be a professional on a specific field , majoring in one specific subject might be more favorable .
If you are looking at an adventurous life , you should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

If you are not in a hurry about the future occupation or profession , you are likely to be better off having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than just one .
You will be able to connect to all kinds of different people since you are able to understand them .
Interacting with many different kinds of interesting people is a fairly attractive idea .
For example , you are likely to come across many situations during your life where you get to talk to people in general , not just people in your own fieldt .
Talking and making friends with different kinds of people will make your life more adventurous .

However , if you are in a hurry to get a job , you are better off majoring in one specific subject .
You will have a more limited knowledge , but if you want to be a professional in a particular field , you do not really have to know things that are not related to your field .
Yes , it might be a little boring , but at least you will get to have a fairly organized , stable life .

There are many advantages and disadvantages about having broad knowledge of many academic fields and specializing in a particular subject .
You cannot state which one is better and which one is worse .
It all really depends on what kind of future you are looking at .
If you want an adventurous , active life , you should have a broad knowledge of many fields .
But if you are satisfied with a calm , stable life , majoring in one particular subject might be more suitable .
Probably in the past there was a much greater sense of community than we have nowadays .
Everyone , since ancient times , had to do his or her part to help the community .
Childhood did not last for long , soon people had to learn to work and fight , and get married .

What is changed now ?
The time we spend to actually become `` adults '' is much longer , leading to a new stage of life , in which we are no more children , but not yet mature .
Young people , during these years have to understand what they want for their life in order to be helpful for others .
Not an easy task , but young people still do give time to helping their communities , in different ways .

In the first place , young people depend on their family for a long time from many points of view .
So their resources are limited .
The range of possible helping actvities is often reduced to volunteering .
And there are people who do that .
Many of my friends have been volunteers for at least one year .
I was part of several groups , and now I support some associations , like Unicef , for what I can .

Another problem is that nowadays you can contribute to your community by working .
This is something hard to do while young people are studing .
I have just one part time job with children , because I do not have much time left from university .
But I give my contribution anyways .
Many students do .
By helping themselves , they help society .

Finally , it is not easy to give a definition of `` community '' today .
In the age of globalism , communities tend to be more virtual than physical .
That is really common among young people .
We create and join communities on the World Wide Web , almost a second life sometimes .
Do we care less about our community ?
I do not think so .
Instead there might be a more serious problem : young people feel like they do not belong to these communties anymore .
And people should think about why this happens .
We do spend time for our community , just in a new personal way .
I do not fully agree with the statement that it is better to have a general knowledge over a specialized one .
I believe this matter actually depends on wich stage of his/her career a person is and which his/her ultimate goals in professional life are .

For starters , every person who initiates on a field of study should commence by assimilating the simple concepts ; for example , an Engineer , a person who is doing Mechanical Engineering and one who is studying Aeroespace Engineering will both study during the firsts semesters the basic courses of all the engineering carreers ; like : algebra , mathematics and physics .
There is no way a Mechanic can design a machine without understanding first the basic rules of physics .
But this should not stop here , once the basics are built more detailed work needs to follow to grow on knowledge .

On the other hand , to have only people with broad or not specialized knowledge could lead to less development on society , it is crucial for a culture to have individuals with a particular field of study , with focus in specific subjects that can result on efficient solutions to nowadays problems .
That is why for example we need to have oncologysts , who are doctors that after completing their basic medicine school went beyond it to study on a deeper way cancer and ways to treat and cure it .

Furthermore , if we take this subject again to the college environment , we will see that the concept of having first a broad knowledge to later specialize it is implied on the normal carreer path ; a person starts with a broad degree , lets say for example Industrial Engieneering , then after some good exposure to the work environment and experimenting with his/her preferences , that person will pick a subject for a Masters like Manufacturing , then after more knowledge and practical exposure have been accomplished it is possible to go through a PHD program which is even a more specialized vision of that particular path , in the case of our example Manufacture of Polymers research .

In Conlusion , I believe that the goal of every professional is to achieve certain level of mastery or specialization on the very subject that gives passion to his/her life ; but , to acomplish so , it is crucial to acquire basic knowledge first that will provide the foundation for this development .
The question I 'm dealing with is , if there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .

All in all I agree with this statement , but there are reasons for and against , which both on the one and on the other hand are convincing .

The arguments for this statement are , that driving a car is very expensive in our modern world .
There are increasing taxes on driving a car , which many people , even if they want to , ca n't afford .
Furthermore also fuel is very expensive , because of the lack of oil resources and the fact that there is nearly a monopol on fuel , which allows the producers to fix the price at a high level .
So there will be a general oil problem in future .
Another point is that cars are polluting the environment , which has influences on our world , like global warming and air pollution .
This fact will be very important in the future and there will be more laws set up to prevent the world we are living in , which means that the number of cars will automatically decrease .
Additionally also the development is not on its peak , there will be new transportation solutions , which will be less expensive , safer , maybe faster .

The arguments against this statement are , that there will be more people living on our planet in future because of the high birth rates in less developed countrys , such as india .
Richer countrys will set up a new economy in these countrys and there will be build streets and highways connecting the countrys , so that there will be obviously more cars in these countrys , where at the moment neither cars nor motorbikes are used .
So the less developed countrys will get help and will develop , so that there will be more cars .
In future there will be also better inventions , which support these thory .
People will invent new cars , which are more comfortible , cheaper and safe the environment at the same time , so that drinving a car will be more attractive than nowadays .
Another argument is , that driving a car is an easy and fast way of transportation and to solve the energy problem there will be for example cars like hybrid cars , which use solar energy instead of oil , so there will be new so called alternative energy , which objects the statement .

To sum up , I decide to agree with the statement , because all in all in my opinion big countrys will have big problems with their economy in future , like money and taxes , and there will be important influences on our environment , which permit the people to drive cars anylonger .
The mobility of society is a topic which is often discussed : in newspapers , in politics , but also among friends .
Should there be less cars to decrease pollution ?
Yes , there should , but in my opinion this will not happen in the next twenty years .
On the contrary , I think that the numbers of cars in the world will stay the same or probably even increase .
Different reasons such as the need for mobility , improved road conditions , a better economic situation in developing countries and the growth rate of the population will lead to a constant or even higher amount of cars .

First of all , mobility is one of the most important points for modern society .
Also in twenty years , this wish for mobility will still going on .
People still want to be mobile , to reach everything within a shortest time period .
As it is , cars are the fastest medium of transportation , at least for short distances .
Thus , the majority will not be willing to give up his or her car only to decrease pollution .

In Switzerland , there is a lively discussion about improving and extending roads to absorb all the traffic .
Also in other countries , these measurements are of high interest .
If there are more and better planned roads and therefore less traffic jams , even more people will think about buying a car and using it to reach for example their work place .

Considering developing countries , they hopefully will have improved their situation in twenty years at least a little bit .
Less poeple will live in poverty , and more will be part of the middle class .
This positive development also leads to a higher demand of cars , because a car is a symbol for having enough money .
In developing countries it is even more important for people to show how much they earn and therefore to climb the social ladder .

Finally , the simple fact that the world population in the whole is growing indicates that there will be more car owners in the future than now .

The growing demand for mobility in Western countries as well as the longer the more in developing countries leads to a higher number of cars in the world .
This development is supported by the fact that a lot of countries are thinking of expanding their road system .
Thus , it cannot be thought about a decreasing amount of cars in the future .
The best way to travel is not necessarily in a group led by a tour guide .
There are different definitions as to what `` traveling '' really is ...
A person might travel for business purposes as well for pleasure .
The interpretation of this question is key to obtaining a proper answer .
None of the above require a group or a tour guide .

People often prefer to travel as comfortable as they can .
By this , it can be meant that people will travel according to what they want to do and what they need to get done .
For example , if a person wants to go on a vacation with his family , that person will organize the trip and customize it to his or her preferences .
That person will not be led by a tour guide that will tell the group where to go and what to see .
The reason why the business and pleasure traveling was metntioned above was because of the misinterpretation one might have when reading the question .

Not all traveling requires a group or a tour guide .
Depending on what thd person 's purposes for traveling is for is that he or she will make their decisions ion .
The only case in which a tour guide would be needed is if the group choses to acquire one instead of being led by their group leader , or if there is no information acquired by the group as to the region or location that they will be traveling to , meaning that they would definitely need a tour guide in order to learn about the place .

By mentioning the types of traveling and situations , you might find that it is n't necessary for one to hire a tour guide in order to lead a group .
With the proper research one is able to lead a group to their accomodations within their vacation or travel stay and make it the best possible vacation without the use of a travel guide at any given time .
Is a fact more important than to understand ideas and concepts ?
The answer to this question is not easy at all .
For some , a student is better educated if he knows a great number of facts .
For others it is better to know the ideas and concepts , for this knowledge allows you to create your own facts .
This essay will analyze that ideas and concepts are more important than facts alone .

Facts , are information that allows a person to solve a situation or problem .
They are answers to questions .
For example , we know now that environmental warming today is causing the North pole to melt , that 's a fact .
But how did we get to that fact ?
That 's why facts alone should not be the most important educational element for students .
In order to create our own facts or understand how information has been created we need to understand ideas and concepts .

In connection to the above , ideas an concepts are important for they let us acquire knowledge of facts by ourselves .
For example , if a student gets trained in advanced math , he will possibly be able to create his own math theories .
In other words he will be able to create or explain facts .
This evidently conforms a better education for a student .

In conclusion , ideas and concepts are more important and have more educational value .
A student that knows facts will not have the abilities of one that understands ideas and concepts .
In this sense my personal opinion has been proved .
It is better knowing how to create facts than getting the answers from a book .
Whether it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide or just by your own , has both advantages and disadvantages depending on many factors or characteristics of the trip .
Three importants factors are : the amount of money the person has , for how much time he will be travelling , and the personal oppinion about flexibility .

Firstly , hireing a tour guide can be very expensive and , in some cases , much more expensiver that travelling alone .
For example , it is free to go through Paris walking on your own , and it can be very expensive to pay for a group tour .
Nonetheless , you will probably need to buy a guide if you do not want to miss the important places .
It is cheaper to walk on your own only if the guide is not as expensive as the tour .

Secondly , a guided tour works better for someone who has not got too much time to visit a place .
In this case , he will have someone to take him to the unmissable places and to give him some explanations .
On the other hand , if someone has , for example , three month to visit two cities , he will probably have time to get around on his own , ask for some advise to different local people and see or visit much more different places than the number of places he would visit on a guided group tour .

The third factor has to do with preferences .
People have different oppinion about how much flexibility they like to have when they are travelling , and there is not only one correct or a best oppinion .
Some people like to have a schedule that details every place they will visit , and what they will do every day .
However , other people like to feel free to do what they feel like doing on each day , depending , for example , on their mood .
In spite of the fact that a person can make a detailed schedule when travelling alone , on guided tours , people are usually less free to do what they feel like doing on that day .

In conclusion , there is not one best way to travel .
Everyone can have their own best way depending on their personal characteristics and on the trip they are planning to take .
Therefore , each person has to decide whether to travel in a group with a tour guide or by their own .
The statement points to a very positive and successful tip for enlightment of every student 's academic career .
Therefore , I totally agree with the statement .

In the changing world of new upcoming ideas and concepts , it can be easily seen that the basic entity being very conventional .
So , if this convention or initial model is not well understood , the whole further theory would sound unacceptable and hard to follow .
In the later stages , situation of being in a state of total blank of the whole model can arrive .
It will be very difficult to switch back at the basics at that moment because the course has taken a speedy track .
Neither the students would be able to cope up with the lectures nor will they participate in the interactive session of the teaching , thereby leading to a bad impression upon the professor .

Learning the facts will not only be difficult but also very confusing .
There will be numerous facts that the student will have to cram up which is not an easy task to go ahead with .
Moreover , a situation may arise wherein the student finds himself in the utter world of contradiction , since he did not pay attention to the basic ideology in picture , or the fact that he is trying to mug up is entailed with a certain ideology very conceptually , which he merely ignored .
The art of learning facts rather cramming I would say , is not a key towards the long term success .
Personal satisfaction is major point one should lay stess upon .
Naturally , it will not give innate satisfaction with the art of learning without understanding .
An individual will not feel the real content of the course he studied .
It will be very superficial kind of studying technique he will be adopting by ignoring various basic logics to be understood .

The very obvious example to refer is the regular course or bachelor degree the student is pursuing .
The basic idea behind every course of study is the implementation of the same in the real life i. e. education for the real world .
A crammer will not remember anything , the ideologies , the concepts , the implementation whereas a mindful attitude will be a positive outlook towards basic entity of understanding and cracking the every problem faced in a coherent manner .
When I was young , I used to think that `` older '' people who told me that `` age is mental state '' , that `` you are so young or so old as you feel yourself '' , or similar commonplaces , were either lying or at least looking for emotional justifications or excuses for the fact that , well , they were `` older '' and were not going to be any younger in the future .
As I approach the symbolic `` frontier '' of 30 years , however , and even though I still do not believe that age is only mental , I must accept that I find more respect and understanding for those `` older '' people in my soul .
Moreover , I find myself not only respecting those people but also their opinions , which imply that life does not end when youth ends and , maybe even more clearly , that you can enjoy life as long as your health allows you to and as long as you want to do it .

Right , young people discover everything for the first time , young people live intensively and have the strenght to try out more .
There are no nights like the nights when you discover nightlife , and there certainly is no love like the very first love .
The first travels are especially exciting , and the same could be said about the first serious intelectual enterprises , the first jobs , the first experiences as a financially independent being .

Still , older people who grant this but insist on the advantages of aging definitely have a point .
For , in fact , young people do enjoy life , but they also suffer a lot ( that is why the concept `` teenage Angst '' exists , as well as one of the possible explanation for the popularity of , say , punk music ) .
While the very first love has - for better or worse - an extreme impact , life shows you after a while that suffering related to love only seldom kills people , and that one uses to find other persons to love after a breakup - which is a thing no younger person dealing with an unhappy love story , for example , would even begin to understand .

Besides , the levels of love you begin to feel and to perceive after some years on this Earth are simply incomprehensible to younger people who are still in the process of discovering love - and here I mean not only love between two persons as in a partnership or sexual relationship , but also fraternal love , family-love , friendship , and even love for certain aesthetic artifacts or for certain ideas .
Experience brings a certain detachment with it , it usually involves distance and a decrease - however pronunciated - in passion , but it also implies deeper feelings - you only need to be old enough to notice that they are deeper .

It would seem , thus , that both younger and older people enjoy life , or suffer it , more or less equally - only differently .
The experiences in life are , indeed , so different and so potentially varieted , that it simply would not make sense to try to locate `` joy '' in any given age or life-period .
Young people use to enjoy passionately and as if they were the only persons on Earth , while older people tend to be a little more mature about their own feelings and about their own position in the world .
And this applies to suffering , as well .

So maybe it would be best to forget categorizations based on `` objective '' facts like age and really try to make the best of one 's life regardless of how old one is .
Maybe it would be better to try to enjoy life and to try to make as much other people as possible to enjoy it without caring about people 's age .
Does this mean I am an `` older '' person who is looking for `` justifications '' or `` excuses '' ?
I certainly think this is not the case , but I would let any given younger person to judge , and in the end , I do not seriously care - which could also mean that I have already arrived at this distant maturity ...
Which is OK with me !
As long as it lasts ...
The humanity has experienced numerous series of developments .
But if it were not for new equipments that allowed for efficient hunting of animals , farming that made stable livelihood possible , and the development of Internet that brought the world together , we would n't be living in the world so conveniently as now .
The same thing could generally be applied to humans themselves .
Thus , I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than focusing on what they can do well .

Only doing what one already know how to do well leaves no space for any further advancement .
A story of mine would be an example .
I used to be very weak in mathematics despite the fact that I try to solve a lot of problems .
Without knowing the reasons , I went to a math academy where the teacher found the reason for me .
I was only solving the problem that I knew how to solve ; I was avoiding hard ones .
Thereafter , I try to solve whatever I confronted and became good at math .

It is also a historically proven fact .
If the Wright Brothers had n't tried to fly like a bird , or if they gave up in the progress because of the adversities and risks , the airplanes would n't have been invented .
If Samsung 's Lee Geun-hee had n't tried semiconduct some decades earlier than any other company 's leaders , Korea would n't have been able to credit Samsung for its assistance in the coutry 's developments .

Some might argue with a famous proverb , ` Jack of all trades and master of none ' , claiming that concentrating on what one knows best is advisable rather than trying everything .
Yet ` Failure is the mother of success ' rebuts that proverb .
Even when something is out of one 's specialty , it still is worth trying because that could possibly give the person new perspectives and understandings .

Although it seems risky and needs a lot of courage to take on new things , one must proceed in order to success ; it 's the common characteristic of successful people .
As is proven personally and historically , and by a well-accepted proverb , it could be said that trying new things and facing risks bring success .
Trying new things and taking risks are two very important factors to succeed in life .

To begin with , trying new things actually gives a person a chance to find out what exactly is the person good at and where does his interest lie .
I feel its very important to do something in life which interests you and excites you .
This always drives you to give your best in whatever you are pursuing .
One who doesnt try different things in all probability will be doing the same thing throughout his life and may be in the later years it will be more for the sake of doing it and not because he enjoys it .

Sachin Tendulkar , world famous cricketer is a tenth grade drop out !!
He did make an effort to study but that never interested him and he had family to support him and who encouraged him to follow his dream rather than following the conventional model of keeping the studies at priority instead of sports or music .
But at that point of time Sachin Tendulkar and his family did take a risk and did something uncoventional and today he 's one of the most influential persons in the world !!

Another thing which is worth mentioning is , that once people become successful they are in a better position to take risk because of strong financial , social and political support .
eg a famous industrialist who has his business in IT sector can think of venturing into health care industry which is poles apart from his expertise .
But , with the right planning , organisation and support he can do wonders and expand his business into alltogether different field .

So , I strongly feel that having the courage to try different things in life and taking risk can lead one towards success and with success comes the liberty and ease with which one can further take risks and succeed to greater heights in life .
Either from news articles of a magazine or stories told by close friends and relatives , you 'll get many chances to hear about travels .
In fact , travel is a common topic in conversation and an important part of our experiences .
But , if you actually think about persuing a trip to a place you 've never been before , you 'll have to make a crucial decision on the method of traveling : travel in a group led by a tour guide or travel without a tour guide .
But , considering the many pleasures you 'll miss by choosing a travel led by a tour guide , the former method cannot be the best way of travel .

People , who support the idea of traveling in a group led by a tour guide , maintains that this method can reduce mistakes and accidents involved in confronting a new culture and place .
For example , if you travel to Thailand and touch a person in the head by your left hand , you 'll find a irate person without really knowing the reason .
Of course , travel with a tour guide will prevent these mistakes .
But , as mistakes lead to better understanding of a different culture and make the travel itself more memorable , mistakes itself constitute a valuable part of your travel .
People supporting travel with a tour guide is overlooking this essential part of travel .

There are also disadvantages involved in travel in a group led by a tour guide itself .
First , this kind of traveling leaves you with no opportunities to meet local people .
As a great traveler and novelist in Korea once pointed out , three essential elements of travel are nature , food , and people .
By traveling with a tour guide , you have to follow the rules in the group and are always busy following the group 's schedules .
This leaves you no time to have a nice conversation with the local people and no chance to make a friend .
This shows that travel with a tour guide is lacking one the essential elements of traveling .

Second , travel led by a tour guide leaves no room for you to obtain a better understanding of the region .
Of course , traveling in a group led by a tour guide will lead you to see the monuments that represent that region in a more efficient way .
If you travel Rome , the capital of Italy , in this way , you will be very impressed with the old monuments such as the Colosseum and will want to visit again .
But , you will miss the golden opportunity to see the various streets of Rome and better understand the current situation of Italy , which would 've led to a better understanding of the culture of Italy .

In conclusion , travelling in a group led by a tour guide prevents you from meeting the people of the local region and gaining a better understanding of the local culture .
Even mistakes made by travelling without a guide will enrich your travelling experience and make it more memorable .
Hence , the argument that the best way of travel is in a group led by a tour guide cannot be justified .
It is generally believed that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Some people think , as young people are less aware of the seriousness of certain events , they can enjoy everything more than older people do .
Other people oppose this point .
As for me , I agree to say that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

On the one hand , young people believe that older people can enjoy life more than they can .
When I was a girl , I used to think that my parents and my grand parents are very lucky , because they did n't have homeworks , and could do whatever they want to do .
I remember when I was 13 I said to my mom that I want to be 30 right now , because at this age , nothing were forbidden to me .
I was so fed up to hear the adults saying `` You cannot do this , you are too young '' , or `` You cannot stay here , we are discussing about a subject that you cannot understand !! ''
I was very upset , and thought that would be great to be older so that I can really enjoy life .

However , I do not see it this way now .
It seems to me that being young is synonym of being free , being independant .
We can do whatever we want to without being always anxious ..
Is that good ?
Am I suppose to do this ?
I really believe in the fact that , as young people are less aware of the seriousness of certain events , it is easier for them to enjoy life .

Moreover , since we are still young , we have everything to discover .
It is great and amazing to discover some new country for example when we have the opportunity to travel , to learn different cultures from all around the world .

Furthermore , as we do not have children yet , we feel free to go out at night for parties , to do many things we wo n't be able to do in the future .
Indeed , day after day , we would certainly feel bored to do always the same things , and we would not enjoy it likely .

Last but not least , even if we have to study a lot , even if we have to work hard and may feel depressed time by time , I must recognise that it is even more interesting than staying at home everyday .
It is more exciting to live without knowing what we will do tomorrow , than live everyday likely .

On the whole , I admit that I agree with the statement , because I think that young people enjoy life more than older people do as it is the first time they had discovered everything .
Carpe Diem
Some people claim that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
However , I hold a opposing view due to the following resons :

First , gaining in-deth knowledge on many academic subjects would be extremely time consuming .
Studying many different kind of subjects requires the students to spend a lot of time and effort in it .
In this way , the students can only learn some superficial knowledge about each subjects but cannot really have a very in-depth understandings of the subjects .
On the other hand , studying one specific subject can allow you to specialize in it and acquire thorough and in-depth knowledge about the subject .

In addition , many careers are specialists and thus require the specific knowledge of that particular subject .
For example , being a lawyer you need to have specific knowledge about the law terms , the judiciary system and the judiciary situation of the place you want to work in .
You can not enter those specific careers unless you specialize and acquire in-depth knowlegde about that academic subject .

Last but not least , having specialized in one specific subject can offer you chance to investigate the field which is not touched by people before .
You can hardly discover new things or findings in your study unless you have in-death and specific knowledge in that particular subject .
For example , if you want to pose a revolution in astronomy study , you need to specialize yourself in it , spending lots of time and efforts in it or else it would be impossible for you to make any revolutionary findings .
One can see that the previous scientists who triggered off scientific revolution are those who spent their life time in the study of science .

To conclude , I believe that specialization in one specific subject is better than having broad knowledge on many different subjects but with superficial knowledges only .
In order to be successful , people use methods , in accordance to their personality , problem solving methods , and style of life .
Throughout history , we see people who became successful by simply doing what is done before , or taking the way no one have taken before .

To start with , I can say that majority of people try to be successful with using already established methods .
Some have the results which are supposed to be had , some even fails to apply a method , and some had extraordinary results due to various reasons .

As an example , I can say that Sir Alex Ferguson , Scottish manager of Manchester United football team , is one of the most success people that I have ever seen during my life .
He is having his twentieth season as the manager of the club , and he not only had several achievements as a manager , but also honored by the Queen by being given the honorific `` Sir '' .
I can also state that he is having the same type of managing since the first day as a manager , and never gave exceptations from his rules , his tactics and his managing style .
We all witnessed his fights with his squad 's star players , like David Beckham and Ruud van Nistelrooy in order not to make any exceptations .
He was the same when he used to manage the Scottish club , whose name I cannot remember at the moment , thus , i can say that he is simply doing what he knows how to do well .

On the other hand , there are also people who had success by trying things that were never tried before , andd taking risks .
For example , Austrian psychologist Sigmund Freud , who is also called father of psychology by some experts , tried a lot of new things , claimed many new things about the human psychology , and founded the school of `` psychoanalysis '' .
He added new terms to the literature of psychology like ; id , ego , superego and defense mechanisms .
He tried his own methods with his clients , and certainly was very successful at that .
There are many theories whics have their basis in psychoanalysis , and many theories were constructed in opposite to pschoanalysis .

To summarize , I believe that it is the person that becomes successful , no matter what his \ her way is .
If he or she has the strength and puts enough effort , there is no reason not to be successful .
Just have faith in yourself , and and you are half way away to being successful .
The 21st Century is the century of more technological developement than any century before could achieve and the century of unsufficient sources .
Due to the population growth , on of the concerns of the scientists and researchers is the transportation problem .

One side of transportation problem is the number of cars in the traffic .
The traffic rush , the pollution and the gas are the problems of car use .
The technological developement may be used to protect the planet and find new sources of energy or use existing sources more efficiently .
Therefore , we can argue that in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today : firstly , because there wo n't be enough gas for all the cars in use and secondly , there will be new ways of public transportations , like the millenium 's invention , the `` Ginger '' , or cost-efficient flying objects .

On the other hand , technological predictions on the future were always been a source of inspirations for the scientists , but never been accurate .
For exemple , according to 2001 : A Space Oddesey by Arthur C.Clark , we should have been living on other planets by now .
Or if predictions were true , Jules Verne 's novels would n't mostly be unrealized .
Therefore , we can state that , according to the growing numbers of cars in use , in twenty years there will be even a lot more number of car on the roads .

In conclusion , we can say that the future depends on us .
If in twenty years , we learn to be more proactive and begin to take initiatives , people 's awareness of the damage and pollution of cars could prevent the growing number of cars in use .
Nevertheless , if we keep on persisting on individual gain and forgeting about the planet 's sake , there will be much more cars riding on the roads every day .
I strongly disagree with the statement .
It is not possible to establish a general rule as to whether the age of a person determines the intensity in which this person enjoys his life or not .
To evaluate the statement against real life , we would need to understand how do we establish who is young or old , where the frontier is , or , if what the statement is saying is that the ability to enjoy life is directly related to age , for instance : Does a person of 37 years old enjoys life more than a person of 36 ?
In what proportion ?
( - 100 ) * (( 36/37 ) - 1 ) ?

The extent to which life is enjoyed ca n't be accurately measured and should be determined individually , independently of age .
As a person of 28 years old , I have met friends and colleagues that enjoy far less their lives than , let 's say , my mother , and she is 60 .
While they are working 14 hours a day and spending most of their weekends sleeping and resting for a demanding week , my mother travels around the world , visits different places and enjoys a lot of activities that are commonly thought to be exclusive for young people .
Activities like surfing , playing tennis or soccer are enjoyed around the world by a lot of people above 60 years old .
On the other hand , I have also met people around the 70's , like my uncle , that are only sitting in their chairs waiting for death as well as friends around 25 that live their lives to the maximum possible and are always looking for opportunities for fun and joy .

Giving the above , how can we define if age has anything to do with the way life is enjoyed ?
I believe that age has nothing to do with the level of joy and true happiness , and that none aside for oneself can determine they way one enjoys life .
I could say that my brother , who spends most of his life surfing , does n't enjoy life because with no money on his wallet he ca n't buy new things , eat in fine restaurants and go to different places because he ca n't pay for gasoline , the truth is that if we would get to ask him , he 'd respond that he has enjoyed life more than anyone in the world .

In conclusion , I do n't think one can establish a general rule to determine who enjoys life the most .
I would leave that question to be answered by each person .
I do agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks .
Firstly they try to reach new goals , but they also never refused to do something .

First , successful people always try to reach new goals .
Thus this is not because they are used to do something well that they wo n't do anything else and wo n't try to find new achievements .
For example , a man like Antoine de Saint-Exupery , who was a famous french pilot during the XXth century , always tried new things .
He contributed to the opening of the first french aircraft line , he risked his life by searching new roads , by crossing the Atlantic Ocean with small aircrafts , by flying on unknown areas ...
He never thank that it was profitable for him to stay in France teaching how to drive a plane to students .
That kind of person , who is for me very successful , always tried to achieve new goals .

Moreover successful people never resigned to do somethimg when they have a precise aim , and that is one of the main reasons of why they have success .
Let us take the example of the members of a mountain rescue patrol .
Maybe for those who live in towns they are not the most successful persons on earth , but it is not the same thing for those who live nearby mountains , or for those who have been saved by them !
They are taking risks every day to save people , they have a heavy training during many months , and if they do n't succeed to do one task , they will be asked to do it again and again , sometimes in some extreme conditions .
They never refused to go searching for a person , even if they have to risk their own life to achieve it .
We all know that many rescuers in mountain died by saving people , which shows us that they have n't resigned .

To conclude we have seen that successful persons are mainly the ones who take some risks in their every day life but moeover who never resigned to achieve a task .
The statement raises an important issue of the modern society .
I completely agree to this statement .
It has been seen that as the society is progressing the interaction of youth with the society , that constitutes its proximity , is decreasing .
This declining communication restrains them from taking the initiative of supporting their communities .

With the advances in technology young people have started spending more time in playing with the devices that they treat as the sources of entertainment .
Consider for example television and computer .
If an option between watching television or doing some social work is given to a bunch of young people then most of them would choose to stay at home and watch some TV show rather than taking the pain of doing social work .
These technological gadgets and sources that promises to amuse the user do very little to motivate them for any community help .
Hence they never realize the need of involving themselves into any social help .

Moreover very little efforts are put into to make the young people realize about the responsibility of helping out the nation and community .
Young people do n't want to help their country because they can survive happily without doing that .

Another reason that might supplement the above mentioned reason to spare very little time for the young people is the expectations of the family .
Every family wants to see their children as a succesful person .
Very few families would like to see them as a citizen who is trying hard to help his community .
This combined with the vast variety of sources of entertainment pushes the youth into a vicious circle where he/she either spend his time trying to fulfill his dreams or relaxing after the long duration hard work .

These points explains the reasons for the unavailability of enough time with the young people .
But this should not be a justification .
The modern society , which we call the developed society , is actually abasing itself if we compare the behaviour of the today 's youth with that of the previous generation .
I do n't agree with that statement .
It 's better to have a specialized knowledge about one subject .
I think you can be really good on one or two subjects but if you want to have a very good knowledge for many subject you have lot of work to do and in my opinion it 's just not possible to be perfect in many subjects .
There are not many genius in this world and if you are not one of them you shoul be satisfied when you know very much about one subject .

I 'm a specialist in history and german literature but if you want to know something about biology you have to ask someone else .
Today there are no `` universal genius '' anymore .
Hundrets of years ago there were some guys who knew very much about totally different subjects .
But today it 's too complex , to many informations to know - that it 's quiet impossible .

I want to study journalism and the student counsellor told me that it | s better to specialize on one subject than just study general communication .
Of course it | s very good to have a good knowledge about what \ s going on in this world but the magazines like it when you are a specialist in politic or maybe history .

I also think that it would be easier to find a job when you are specialized on one subject .
If you are very good in speeches you could become a teacher or a translater .
If you are really brilliant in math , physics , geography , history and religion it would be hard to find a job where you can improve all your knowledge .

This theoretical knowledge is worthless if you are not able to work in the praxis .
My mainpoint is that it would be to much work to do when you want to have knowledge in all academic subjects , especially for me ...
I strongly agree that advertisements make products seem better .
One should not be suprised by that because that is the goal of advertisement .
In short , adverstisements want the consumer to buy the product whether or not he has a health benefit .

What always come to mind is the advertisements for cigarettes .
In much of these adverstisements , you see either a beautiful woman or hansome man and immediately you want identify with them .
Therefore you want to imitate their acts , i.e. smoke .
The other point about cigarettes advertisements is the `` element of freedom '' .
Most adverstisements show vast pieces of land or sea to suggest somekind of escape or adventure but it actually an illusion .

The other type of advertisements that I would like to talk about is children snacks .
On television the snacks looks very delicious and appetizing but in fact they have no nutritious value .
Advertisers use bright colors , with catchy rythms to entice children to buy their products .
When you look at the nutritional value of the product , you realised that it 's full of saturated fat or even trans fat .
Kids love it because it tastes good .
Some parents may like it because it 's convenient to prepare it .

The last point that I would like to make is commercial for cars .
Everyday that you turn the television on , there is a new advertisement about a new car or the new model of an old car .
You are constanly reminded to change you car even if you do n't have too .
What most people seems to ignore is that cars run on gasoline and we all know that cars are the biggest emitters of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) .
Most cars companies advertisements will not promote the use of public transportation to cut the emission of Carbon Dioxide in order to save Mother Nature .
I must say that I totally agree with the statement .
As a student , I personally find more importsnt and useful to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
What is more , I think that the really important thing is not only to understand these ideas and concepts but also to study , to examine and to see how an idea or a concept leads to another and , thus , how facts appear as a part of the process , not as isolated things that are recorded in our memory .

Understanding ideas and facts help students , and people in general , to develope their logic and their analytical capacities .
For example , let ' s talk about the French Revolution .
To me , it is easier and more useful to study it not as an amount of dates , facts , names , events , etc , but as a conclussion of the social and political situation of Europe in the 18th century : One thing leads to another and , at the end , studying it can even be funny , as a film in your mind , better than a long and boring list of non-sense words .

Furthermore , I consider memory a bad friend : You trust in it and , when you most need it , it leaves you alone , with no other help .
When taking and exam , for example .
If in your mind there are only facts , you can forget one and being unable to continue with the answers .
On the contrary , if you have all the understanding process in your mind , maybe you won ' t be able to give a concrete date or a name , but you can explain the context or give other information that can help you to avoid a total disaster .

To sum up , I think that understanding ideas and concepts will help us more than learning facts by heart , not only in our academic life but also in our everyday life .
I am not agree with this sentence .
In fact nowadays , the number of the people in the world who can attend the school is in costant grown , and this produce an increasing number of people who are able to learn and understand the problems connected with the world and the human beings .
Many people are able to have access to the mass media , such as the television , the radio or , I think the most important , internet .
So this access to information creates a great number of people who can help their community .
Many critics belive that our society is too frenetic , too fast and makes us indifferent to the problems of the world .
But I believe that this point of view is not correct .
In fact this society gives us the instruments to resolve problems , not only with the increasing economic benefits , but with the consciousness of the important of human rights in order to make our world better .
So the real problem is not if young people have enough time to help their society , but if they want to do it .
It is clear that only with the time young people will be able to understand that personal benefits must be accept only if they can improve the life conditions of the whole world .
Becouse it is wrong if a man thinks that his education will help only his personal life or his family , because he is part of a large community that is not identify with his particular town or contry , but it is part of a whole , that is the world .
People must be the aim to help men that are not in their same conditions , becouse the purpose of the whool educational system in our society is to make the world better .
So I believe that people who understand this need can really help our community and this is not a problem of time but of responsability .
I guess that governments have to work in this sense to ma
Some people says the successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks .
On the one hand , that is true .
On the other hand , successful people are also people who only do what they do the best .
My point of view on that point is successful people are people who do both of these things .

First , a lot of successful people are people who tried new things and concepts and also took risks .
The best illustration I can take on that point is Steve Job , CEO of Apple .
His company was specialized in computer science .
However , he decided to take the risk of a new market : the MP3 Player market .
Now , he succeedeed in imposing his Ipod as the reference in the market .
Almost everybody knows what is an Ipod and wants to have one .
The new marketing strategy he used is also an aspect of his success .
With a good concept , new ideas , and a great part of risk , people arrived to succeed but unfortunately this is not always the case .

Second , people also succeed by doing only what they know to do well .
Some persons are very good in their specializations .
They are even so good that they could not be replaced in a company and then access to leader roles .
For instance , my father was a business engineer .
He was so good in what he did that he was promoted every year until reaching the role of director of the sales .
He did not have new concepts and he did not take risks too but he succeeded very well in doing what he knew to the best and I consider him as a sucessful people .

Third , my point of view on the subject is the following : successful people are often people who try new things and take risks in what they do well .
I am convinced that if one is specialized in a domain and try new concepts in that domain he has more chances to success .
For example , the person who created ebay is a very relevant illustration .
He was a computer science engineer and want to make a website for the exchange of stamps .
That website became a true success and nowadays every kind of things are exchanged on ebay .
If he had opened a shop , I am not sure he would have obtained so much success in his company .

To conclude , I do not totally agree with the statement .
Some people obtained success in trying new things and taking risks but others also reach success by doing only what they do the best .
I agree that travelling in a group led by a tour guide is beneficial in a number of ways but with a few reservations on group travel .
I would explain my reasoning in the following paragraphs .

Firstly , Tour guide is a professional who knows alot of places , thier history and how to reach the place , where to stay , what food to eat etc . , .
Also Tour guide is proficient in the native language of the place .
These two advantages overwiegh any other disadvantages of travelling .

Secondly , travelling in a group led by a tour guide will be cost effective as more people will share the travel expenses .
Tour guide will explain the history of the place visited which we cannot know unless we do some homework on what places to visit and read through its history which we often donot do .
Travelling in a group will help to build new partnerships with fellow travellers in the group which cannot be done if travelled indivdiually .

Thirdly , travelling in a group with a guide helps us to avoid problems with native language speakers and also fishy shopping tricks by native speakers .
Also as a group , more number of places can be toured with same amount of money if spent on individual travel .

But , there are a few disadvantages for group travel led by a guide .
Limited knowledge of the tour guide will make us to tour fewer places which tour guide is familiar with .
Co-ordination effort among the group of people with different mindsets is difficult .
Privacy during travel will be be voilated during group travel .
Travelling individually allows the individual to see places of his/her interest rather than constrained by the group travel .

In Conclusion , Group travel is advantageous in most of the scenarios in many terms but it depends on the individual preference and his/her fnancial limitations .
I strongly agree with the statement .
Most advertisements make products better than they really are .
First , advertisements enphatize the quality of their product with catchy slogan : for example it is likely to see a picture of a beautifull woman with the shirt or dress they want to sell taking your attention away from other information .
Sometimes advertisements give true but incomplete informations : it happens to me with ADSL connection .
They assured free assistance calling a free number , but when I called that number I heard a recorded voice telling me to call another number with expencive fare .

Second , they usually do not talk about disadvantages : for example it is easy to observe advertisements about sports car and seldom do they give informations about how much gasoline they need for running one mile or about taxes owner has to pay .

In addition , advertisements often do not give any advice about where or when the products cannot be used .
That is very important in particular if items are medicine or noxious substances .
For example It happenened that , after the II world war , large amount of pesticide DDT against insect was used in agricolture , and many people used it also on his body in order to keep dangerous insect away , in the spite of its toxicity .

Cocluding , I do not saying advertisements should be banned , however I think that advertisement informations and suggestions from product advertisement should be taken carefully
Overall I would disagree with this statement , I believe that travelling on an independent basis is more rewarding even if it is more challenging .
I usually like to do my homework beforehand about places I want to visit and plan it myself to a certain extent .
I am very much interested in the history of places I am visiting as well as the local culture of the inhabitants , therefore I prefer a travel formula that maximises my interacion with these local residents .
This planning and interaction with people will enrich the trip many folds versus going with a group led by a tour guide where the information one would receive is prepared and digested and then presented to the traveller .
I have travelled to southern Spain many years ago , I had planned my trip to a certain extent only and I discovered many locations that were not pointed in tourist pamphlets , just by walking down the streets and talking to people .
This is what I call the surprise effect of trips , see the unexpected by going places not necessarily frequented heavily by tourists , this allows me to interact in a more personal way with local residents of areas I am visiting and have a better feel of the life of these people .

Travelling indepently gives me more control over my time , I can manage it the way that works better for me , I can stay longer in a place if I deem necessary , or I can just pack up and leave to `` greener pastures '' if I get bored in a particular location .

Also there is the financial aspect of it , I find it more cost effective to travel on your own than with a tour guide .
I can choose to settle in less expensive hotels and have my own agenda as far as meals are concerned during my trip .

Of course going on a loner basis may pose some challenges and maybe some risks in certain situations but overall it is a much more interesting and rewarding approach .
I disagree with this statement because even if old people are n't healthy anymore they can do a lot of things and have as much fun as younger people have in their lifes .

The first reason for my opinion is that not all old people are so weak and ill that they only can lie in bed .
And even if they ca n't to sports anymore or maybe ca n't walk at all they can do other things that bring a lot of fun to them .
For example they can learn something in courses especially offered for older ones or they can read amazing books or looking good films .

Another reason why I think that old people can have a lot of fun is that they have much more time than young people have , because of not beeing forced to go to work eight or ten hours every day .
Because of that they only have freetime , and can spend it with their family , or travel in foreign countries for example .

Finally old people can have maybe even more fun than younger ones because of their increased level of experience .
The long time old people have already been on earth causes they have a lot more knowlegde about how things work in life .
They connected a wide range of different charakters , solved a lot of problems and so learned much about themselves .
So old people know enough what kind of activities they enjoy and what kind of people they like .

With that knowledge most things are easier and cause less trouble .
For example a weekend trip makes more fun if you 're in a group you fit in .
In conclusion experience and a lot of free time let have old people have a lot of fun , even if their ill .
They just have to visit groups or courses for old people or spending their time together with friends or their family by doing things they enjoy .
Some people believe that braod knowledge of various academic subjects is more important than a special skill in one specific subject .
In contrast , others think that specialized skill in a certain subject is much more profitable , because one can become the best in that certain field .
I personally support the former idea , because having broader knowledge of diverse subjects indicates that this could be applied more often in reality and bring advantages when deciding one 's career .

Firstly , by having diverse knowledge of various academic subjects , I can find out in which subject my talent lies .
For example , one can attend numerous classes , such as mathematics , psychology , geography , biology and other .
However , the person can find out that he/she is only talented in subjects like calculous and science but is terrible in biology and history classes .
Thus , the person can find out where his/her talent is and be able to make clear and benefitial decision for his/her future career .
Not to mention that being knowledged in various fields , one is not restricted in one area when deciding his career or talent .

Moreover , people can apply their various skills in numbers of areas .
Reason being , if a person is only specialized in one area , he cannot contribute to other fields of work .
However , being knowledgeable in diverse areas , even when he/she faces challenging situation , the person can easilly apply his knowledge and therefore ameliorate the situaltion .
Additionally , when someone is in dire need of help , the person with broad knowledge can use his surviving skills to rescue the person .
In fact , knowledgeable in only one specific subject , often one cannot be well informed about what he/she must do when the person face emergency .

In conclusion , even though being specialized in one specific subject is also benefitial , I believe that having broad knowledge of numerous areas is much more practical and advantageous .
This is largely because , people can find out their true talent and more often apply those knowledge in reality .
Technology progress has changed the world physically but also , and above all , mentally .
Whereas in the past helping their community was a priority for young people , I think that this trend is progressively disappearing and that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Because the progress has made that people are not `` forced '' to live together anymore , because the world they now live in is more individual , and eventually because the new world they live in does not fit with trhe conception of a community .

In a non so distant past , people used to spend most of their lives where they were born .
Indeed , good transportation systems were not yet developped and it was a lot more difficult than today for young people to move from their home .
Then people really lived together a good part of their lives and I think they were by consequence closer to the others than today .
Emotional and physical links between people were stronger and this led naturally young people to give time to the community .
Nowadays nothing ` forces ' young people to really belong to a community , they can move easily thanks to technological progress and do not need the others to simply live .
I think that is why they do not develop and feel this notion of community and then do not dedicate enough time to it .

Moreover , this development of technologies contributes to create a more individual world in which all that could bring a community is available : knowledge , entertainment , etc ...
Everything is possible alone and then young people do not need anymore the help of a community .
For instance , they can play games on the computer alone , whereas before the only way to distract was to play with the other children of the community .
This makes that they will less focus on the community .

And finally , the world young people live in today , is a world tending to make confused the notion of community .
Now young people have contact with any part of the world they want , people are not separated anymore , are not `` stuck '' anymore into communities , they can discover other communities and this opening of the mind maybe leads to make looser the attachment to a community .

The world in which young people live in today is more complex , individual , and open on the rest of the world .
those three factors contribute to the `` loss of interest '' fro ; younf
The topic state that `` It is better to have knowledge of a number of academic subjects than having specialization in one specific subjects '' and I tend to disagree .
The reason for taking this stand is this - although education systems through out the globe support both the modes of study yet a specialist is any ways prefered over a person who is a kind of `` jack of all trades '' .

Before going into depth let me remind you about a normal prcedure of education these days .
When a child goes to school then in order to make him acquainted with all things in the surrounding , he is tought a variety of subjects .
Later on , in his teens , he is taught the basic of all the major streams , so that he can choose his major .
Finally , this all goes in the direction of choosing one subject , and all the subjects are touched so that he can find out the flow of his interests .

Now lets talk about `` Specialization '' .
The specialzation is required for depth knowledge of a subject .
To work over a subject you always need that and all the subjects ( available for major ) are having enough depth to spend your life working on it .

I remember one very well said line `` Practice makes a man perfect '' .
In the same way a specialists is always having his concentration at a subject and is working out with that subject all the time in order to get best results for the well-fare of the society .

Here , I can also take example of myself .
What would I do in case I get a heart problem ?
I would definetly go to a heart specialist .
The similar situation can be applied in all the problems you encounter in your life .

Its true a basic knowledge of each and every subject is required to sustain your life without getting stucked at every other hurdle that comes but broad knowledge of many academic subjects will make life a mess .
You would not be able to comentrate on one thing .

Hence , I would always prefer going for a specialization instead of mugging my head in a number of subjects at a time .
To my mind the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars on our streets than today is totally incorrect because there are a lot of ambivalent arguments that prove the opposite opinion .

Of course , there are some points that would admit such a theory , for example modern technology .
Our public transport systems are getting better and will improve within the next twenty years to possibilities we can hardly imagine today .
Computerbased , full automatical systems are already a topic in research .
Besides this it is a fact that our population in Germany decreases and that our society is getting older .
As a result we will have less drivers and older drivers who usually do not drive their cars very often in twenty years .
This development of course effects a reduction of cars on our streets .

On the Other hand there are enough facts to come to another conclusion .
Our society will become more and more mobile .
A husband for example living in the Ruhr Area with his wife and his children becourse of his wife 's job or his children 's school will have to drive by car when he gets a job offer in Hamburg .
This case is not unusual today and will appear more and more in the future .
People have to be flexible and therefore mobile .
You can reach this creteria only when you have an own car .
Furthermore we are living in a very service oriented society .
Everyone wants to have everything as soon as possible .
Therefore you need a great ammount of cars to provide people with their daily needs .
As I mentioned above our society is getting older and old people probably wo n't have the opportunity to by all what they need .
So they have to be delivered with foods or clothings or medicine by cars .

That is why I do not agree to the statement .
Maybe in 100 years the situation will be different but that nobody k
I disagree with the statement .
In my opinion , it is better to be specialised in one field rather than have incomplete knowledge of several subjects which may not serve any purpose .
Its no good being `` Jack of all trades - Master of none '' .

A person having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is like a blunt knife .
It has a large area and zero penetrating power .
A specialist , on the other hand , can make breakthroughs in his field and contribute more to the society .

These days the knowledge of each subject is very vast .
To know about everything and then assimilating that information into something miraculous is not possible .
The days are gone when a Leonardo Da Vinci could paint masterpieces , write mathematical theories and create models for an aircraft .
Today 's cutting edge technology requires specialists from diverse fields who can work together and bring about a significant development .

For example , consider a car manufacturing company .
It does not have all its employees knowing how a combustion engine works , much the same way as it does not have all of them knowing how to market its cars .
It has specific people for a specific job .
It has promoters to fund development , engineers to design cars , accountants to operate logistics and advertisers to sell a car .
It is a team of diverse elements , each a master in his or her respective field , that can contribute something useful .

These days many pioneering researches are carried out by groups of scientists who are proficient in their respective field .
A physics and a chemistry expert may collaborate to give something that one could not have hoped to achieve by himself .
A scholar who knows something about everything cannot do much when the requirement is everything about something .

Humanity has thrived on its dynamism and diversity .
To avoid stagnation , we need specialists as the fields of knowledge have outgrown the capacity of a single human .
A jack may fit anywhere in the pack of cards but it never beats the king .
The world is changing from day to day at a very fast pace .
Form the time when man used nothing but his foot to travel he has reached a stage where he covers the same distance that he could before in a much smaller time .
Technical advancement and man 's thirst for more knowledge made these things possible .
Well , 20 years back from now in my country people used bullock carts , horses and man-pulled transport more than cars .
So , chances are fair that 20 years from now man will use fewer cars for he might find a better alternative to it !!
With this note I would like to agree with the fact that 20 years from now , there will be less cars on the road .

In todays era there are already too many cars on the road flooding every nook and corner of the city and the outside of the city with equal intensity .
The mode of transport that was believed to be the fastest till yeaterday had become the cause for the delay in most peoples travel schedule .
why ? ..
why not ?
How many times have we come across situations when we start really early from home to meet someone or to keep up an appointment but , to our vain we find a road full of cars waiting for us to give them company .
In any case even if the first hurdle is cleared we get to face another hurdle ` the red light signal ' and before you realise you are already too late to keep up your appointment .
This problem is faced by most of us .
To overcome this , the upperclass people prefer to travel by a private jet of a helicopter rather than taking a road .
While today it might be a transport of the higher class , 20 years is a long period to bring down the cost of air journey considerably , so much so that even middle class will be able to afford it .
Resulting in fewer cars on the road .

The second reason for the contribution of less number of cars on the roads could be the scarcity of natural resources .
while we all know how much petrol and desel is being burnt up every day in fuelling billions of cars all around the world , while the resources are very less .
It could be firmly anticipated that after 20 years there might not be much fuel left to ignite all the cars .
The country might take charge of the whole resource and use it only for the country 's experimentation and space reasearch .
The country would then encourage its people to use the publich transport such as buses and trams which would require considerably less amount of fuel expenditure .
It might also emphasize on electric-rail travel .
This would accounting for fewer cars on the road .

The third reason might be the spreading awarness of pollution among the youth .
The youth of today is the future power .
It is seen that the children of today are very understanding and more inclined to understanding their environment and problems connecting to them .
There is spreading awareness among the youth about living in a better place while leaving enough resources for the generations to come .
This might lead to a revolution where people would prefer to travel in a more nature friendly mode than cars .
This can already be seen among people of today .
They try using their bike or walk to nearby distances and travel in groups to school so that only one car need to be fueled .
This attitude might take a wider turn after 20 years resulting in fewer cars on the road .

In all the ways stated above the ultimate result would be fewer cars .
Even if this is not the the ultimate result we should work for it to become the ultimate result .
So that we can make our world a better place to live by avoiding global warming and pollution .
My parents always tell me that I am a `` next generation '' young , concentrated on having a good education , dreaming about an appreciable carrier , with which I will be able to earn lot 's of money .
They are probably true .
I agree with the fact that young people nowadays do not give enough time in order to help their communities .

One of the main reasons why young people are not involved so much in helping the community now , is that there is not such a service now imposed by the community they are living in .
However , in the past there was such an mandatory service to be done to be able to graduate from high schools or colleges .
Youngs were explained the importance of such a service for the community and were expected to be willing to do it .
For instance my mother went to help for the elderly every sunday , to obtain her degree from the college she was attending .
There were even an office to help students find places for doing community services .
Today , no person is asked to do such service and there may be people who do not know what is community service and what may be its advantages .
All that people willing to serve the community can do is generally to help people in their close enviroment .

There is also another major explaination to why today 's youngs do not give time to help the community : This is due to the fact that they actually do not have that much time .
In my country , children not only go to school , but they also go to other preparatory classes offered outside school to be able to enter better schools or universities obtainning higher scores .
A day of a last year high school student is plenty hours of courses and works to finish for the next day .
How could someone expect them to give time to the community service ?

Unfortunately , this will sound like a joke .
In conclusion , people in the past were raised in the conscience of the presence of community service and its importances and they were not required to create an extra time for doing their service .
That time was already given to them .
However , today 's young people do not give enough time to community service because either they are not aware of such a service or they really do not have time to be spent in such an luxury occasion .
I totally agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people .
Young people have a lot of lifetime , healthy , and have many good communities .
The first reason is that they have a lot of lifetime .
Most of people in my country , Japan , live more than 75 years .
Therefor , young people like my age , 25 years old , we have more about 50 years lifetime .
We can buy a lot of things with money ; however , we ca n't buy any time .
Time is one of the most important tings to enjoy our life so I think young people can enjoy life a lot .

The next reason is that young people are really healthy .
To be healthy is really important to enjoy our life .
If we are healthy , we can do everything what we want .
We can do every kind of job what we want , and we can study a lot in everywhere .
We can do every kind of sports to have enjoyable time , and can travel everywhere that we want .
Even if we do n't have much money to do enertainments or other things , it is possible to make money to do what we want .

The third reason is that young people have a lot of community .
Young people unsually keep in touch with their friends from their hometown , school , and so on .
They both young and have a lot of time , so that they can enjoy a lot of things together .
Also if we have a lot of community , maybe we can get a lot of help .
It is really healpful and that can make our life going well , so that we can enjoy our life itself a lot .
It is really fun to spend time with other people .
To keep a good relationship with others can make our life great .

Thus I totally agree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than old people .
I do n't think that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
It can be very convenient , of course : for example you do n't have to think about anything ( for instance car hiring , hotels , restaurants , museum tickets ... ) ; you simply sit down in the bus and enjoy the trip .
Furthermore , the guide is supposed to know everything about the places you visit and so she ( or he ) can tell you interesting stories about , as well .

At the same time , though , travelling in a group led by a guide has a lot of disadvantages that , according to me , are not worthy .
First of all , you have to respect a strict and not flexible timetable ; you ca n't choose what you want to visit or where you want to eat , for example .
Usually during tours there are thousands of things to do ( and some of them pretty awkward ) so you do n't have enough time to enjoy the places you see along the way ; in many cases you have just the time to get off the bus , take a picture and go back to the bus again .

Then , having to follow this strict plan , you ca n't ask to stop when you see something you think is really nice , even to take a picture .
And , above all , you can stop to go to the toilet just when the plan tells that you are allowed to !

Sometimes you are obliged to do things you do n't like , as well .
For example climbing a mountain even if you are afraid of it or sleeping in a camping where there is no water at all , except for a river in which `` friendly '' crocodiles live .

Last , but not least , you never know people you will travel with : if you are lucky they will be very nice and you could go on with them quite well .
On the contrary , if you are not lucky , you could have to stand for some days ( or a couple of weeks , that is even worst ) the company of a group of people that you really dislike , very different from you , sometimes very boring , sometimes too excited .

All these things considered , together with my personal experience , make me prefer a journey by myself or with some very reliable friends .
The standard of Living has been changing over the years .
Due to all the Modernisation and Technology people tend to enjoy a lot these days .
I believe that now a days younger people are enjoying more than the older people .
Because in the era of lot of inventions and sophisticated technologies younger people are having a great time .
Many ways of entertainment came into existence like Amusement parks and Shopping Malls where younger people are getting very much attracted while the old people are not willing to get into these parties because they prefer home .
On the other hand younger people want to enjoy themselves like having dialy parties , going to picnic and have a drink .

I think that there is considerable amount of change in enjoying these days rather than few years ago .
Younger people are becoming more successful in their careers which implies that they are searching for new ways of enjoyment and having fun .
While old people dont have eagerness to go for daily parties and picnics and they prefer a calm and peaceful life where there is not much pollution and traffic .

Younger people are very much eager to do something different and they want to have fun all the time .
There are various ways in which the younger people enjoy like , taking part in sport activites that consists of Car racing , Water sports and many other games .
By participating in them they enjoy very much which releases all the burden and all the stress of thier work .
While in the case osf older people they prefer to be at home sleeping in their bed eating their own meals .
While younger people prefer eating outside with their friends having fun all the time .
Moreover younger people want to drive away the boredom and they dont want to spend their weekends in their home rather they are finding new ways of enjoyment like going to movies , arranging special parties in costliest hotels while older people always prefer their home .
And when there is an instance of any success in their job the younger people want to share their success with all the friends and they spend lavishly for the party .

In my opinion i think that younger people are having a good time rather than the older people .
The main purpose of advertisements is to attract potential customers .
Hence they are made in a way that makes the product seem much better than the product actually is .
Advertisements use different ways to make the product very attractive .
They tend to deceive us in some ways .
They also usually highlight only those features that are very appealing to people .

Advertisements are made to market a product and increase its sales .
The main aim of advertisement is to make the product look very suitable to its potential buyers .
For this , the product must look really attractive .
Sometimes , to achieve this fake objects are used .
For example , the bright red strawberry pieces in the advertisement of a cereal may not actually be the real strawberry .
It may be just brightly painted plastic pieces .
When the advertisement looks very appealing , people get interested in it .
No one would want to buy something that looks dull , uninteresting .

Children are specially influenced by the advertisements .
In the advertisements , the toys appear so real and much better than they actually are .
For example , the spiderman toy seems to jump , fly and save the planet from the bad people .
In reality , it is the child actor who is holding the toy , who is making it do wonderful things .
But to the child who is watching the advertisement , it seems as if the toy is doing things on its own .
So advertisements do deceive us in some way which we fail to recognise when we are watching them .

Advertisements usually focus on only those features that are very appealing .
For example , when you see an advertisement on phone services , you will see a list of features like high quality service , great rates , etc. in bold letters .
What you may miss out is , something in small letters that says , `` Conditions may apply '' .
Advertisements tend not to highlight hidden costs or factors that may scare away the potential customer .

Advertisements are made to sell the product and for that they do make the product seem much better than what it actually is .
There is a phrase that says : Getting old begins when regrets replace dreams .

On one hand , it is true that young people are more able to enjoy their life than older ones .

When you have almost your entire life before you and you can make a lot of plans for your future .
The youngest people do not already have to many reponsabilities like children or work and they have more time to enjoy their own life .
For example , I want to go and study in Australia for the next semester and I am sure I am going to enjoy me stay and maybe me life there .
In our days , there is a lot of ways to entertain .
Young people can enjoy it because they are still physically able to do so .

Indeed , young people can do more sports , walk on the mountains , surf , parties etc .
That is a way not to find their life too boring .

On another hand , I think that being old is a beautiful thing because they can see their childlren growing up , help , advise and support them as much as they can .
And they also can enjoy visits from their grandchildren which is certainly a bit magic for anybody .

A lot of old people do travel a lot once retired and really like it .
It is much easier to make trips , see new people , make even short-term plans for your life .
I know a friend of my grandmother who is travelling all the time over the world and I think she enjoys her life a lot in discovering all these countries .
I will spend a lot of time to the same .
But when people are working during 30 , 40 years or more , they cannot travel this much and enjoy the possibility of traveling by plane wherever you want .

Finally , I think that older people can enjoy their life as much as young people .
We all aim to find happyness in our own way and the question is : How to find it ?
Who with ?
There are as many awsers as there are individuals .
Travel is something everyone is dreaming about .
Get well prepare to enjoy his journey is an important factor .
Choosing the destination is also what influences the most people when they are making plan for a trip , sometime we also have to choose if we need a partner or we just want to go alone .

Now the question come when it is time to go some place where we do n't know anybody , a place we are visiting for the first time , and that may require a tour guide .
A tour guide has a great benefit , it is usually a person who was born in that area , who lives there , who know the history of the place , the culture , the mentality of the society and can be a great help when we are looking place like good restaurants for cheap price .
He can give us a good recomnendation .

He also help to understand the culture , the society , the country we are visitng the history and the different dramas .
A tour guide has the benefit to be a professional .
If we plan to clamb a moutain , he can shaw us the best road , avoid some natural danger we do n't know .
We all listen the news , some countries are not that safe .
In certain areas some tourists are been keeping as hostages .
It is not something we are n't planning when we try to make a plane to travel .
In those area I think a tour guide will be well recommended .
It also help us when we want to buy some souvenir .
Usually in undevelop countries the tourist is always see as a rich person .
Local people may charge him more for a simple item .

For someone who is just going to the beach or planning to visit relative or family the tour guide is not necessary .
It depends on what we want to do and where we want to go .
Generally speaking a tour guide is a need when we are visiting big cites with history , special monument .
When you are plannig a trip you can think that it is not big deal , you can even make reservations and buy the gear necessary for your vacations , but maybe your trip will not end as well as you first tought .
The hotel was not as beuatyful as it was in the photo you saw on the internet , the plane was not in a really good shape , and the service was just not worth what you paid for .
Publicity can be deceaving , and you can end up being a victim of it .

So , why is it better to join a group to go on a trip ?
First of all , everybody can share previous travel experience , discuse about the destination you are going to visit and agree to spend your free weeks in a safer , kinder , cheaper place .
But the bad side of group traveling could show up when members of the group have very diferent opinions of what a good trip is , so arguments will be right around the corner .

You may have an idea of the kind of vacatios you want , and you have calculated the money you are going to spend , but they will provide you with all the services you need , and the final cost of your trip could be lower than going by yourself .
A tour guide is specialized in organizing trips , is their job , they are professionals in that field , and they make their living that way .
A good tour guide will consider your taste to send you to the correct place , so you will be happy with the service and you will return to hire them .

If we talk about security , definitly you will be safer in a tour guided travel , because they have everything planned , so you wo n't have to look for your own transportation risking your security .
You wo n't have to be anxious trying to understand the road maps , or trying to figure out the schedule of the train station ...
and most important , you wo n't get lost in a city that have ever been before .

And if you are traveling in a group leded by a tour guide you will get the beneffits of both , wish is a more secure trip , a better service and better prices , all translated in more fun and great memories .
Nowadays , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is extremely crucial but in my opinion it is better to specialize in one specific subject of interest .

According to my past experiences and studies , I came to the conclusion that people who specialize in a specific subject are usually the ones who succeed in life .
For instance , my cousin wanted to be an economist and before she decided which area she wanted to specialize on , her family members gathered and discussed what must be done eventhough my cousin specifically said that she really wanted to specialize in a certain field of economics .
As the time passed her parents had no chose but to agree with their daughter .
Her decision of specializing on that certain area led her to get the most respected job in one of the prosperous companies in town .
That was because she had much more experience and knowledge in that area whereas others who have studied economics as a whole did not have the same depth of information as my cousin did .

The other reason why I have this point of view is that the subject that people usually specialize on is mostly the one that they like the most .
For example , my school gives students the opportunity to choose between certain subjects and I ended up choosing economics and maths .
This was because I liked those subjects the most and I knew that I would definitely do well in them .
This opportunity led me to like the school more , have higher grades and also helped me to concentrate more on my subjects of interest .
People who try to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects usually face tremendous amount of difficulties afterwards .
This is because of the lack of concentration on the subjects that will further be studied by the student in the university .
The most information we have the better .

In the paragraphs above I tried to express why it is so important for students to specialize in specific subject eventhough I believe that there may be man
I agree that most advertisements ignore their actual purpose and work for making products seem better than they actually are .
However , in today 's world , where advertising has become a sector on its own and where companies compete to produce the most creative advertisements and attract the most number of potential buyers , it is not a given that just because an advertisement has been made , it will create a better image in peoples ' minds than the product itself .

While watching televison , we are exposed to numerous different advertisments and we are inevitably influenced by what is being promoted on the screen .
However , in my opinion , this same fact is one of the most important reasons why the impact of such advertisements on people are decreasing everyday .
It is the nature of human beings to get used to occasions which they have experienced numerous times .
Hence , people have been very well acquainted with advertisements of varying types and do not perceive them as they used to perceive many years ago when there were n't so many options .

I belive that the given statement is true only if we change the phrase `` most advertisements '' to `` few advertisements '' .
Even though today 's advertisements still exaggerate the actual features of the promoted products , most of them do not bear the effect of actually misleading people to go out and buy such product .
For example , if we think of a shampoo advertisement , where a girl washes her hair with the promoted product and her hair suddenly starts to shine , we can definitely say that the products seems better than it really is , however such an advertisement is so common on the screens that it is no longer believable to most people .

In conclusion , I do believe that advertisements may hav
I dont agree with the statement that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in any one subject .
I feel both approaches have their own pros and cons .
Let us analyze the issue with some specific examples .

Students are asked to take up many diverse subjects so as to have a basic knowledge of all the disciplines .
This is very important because no field works in isolation .
The subject of geology or art is incomplete without the study of history .
In fact the knowledge of one field is often required to solve problems in others .

Now imagine a scenario if the specialists doesnt have any knowledge of the other fields .
How is a physics specialist going to solve his complex problem invoving mathematics if he doesnt have a broad knowledge maths as well .
Can he afford to go to the the mathematician every time he has some doubt with his maths ?
That is not a feasible option .
He has to develop an understanding of maths as a discipline so as to arrive at a comprehensive solution .

We see many masters students majoring in more than one field .
This is because their interdisciplinary knowledge will give them a comprehensive understanding of the problem .

Todays world is increasingly putting up problems which often require inter-disciplinary knowledge .
The teams that work in the field of technology have a diverse compostion .
They have specialists of technolonogy working in tandem with people who have a broad knowledge of different techonologies .
As a specific example in software technology , many applications now require user interface in a technology different from the one used to do back end transactions .
To make this work you need more than just two specialists of the two technologies involved .

It is not going to work if each of them is totally unaware of the other technology .
It will certainly help if they can get another member who knows a little bit of both .

Thus both approaches are required for a comprehensive understanding .
I disagree with the statement .
Lets guess what can be the possible reason or factors which can lead to fewer cars in future .

One reason may be that fossils fuels would be exhausted .
Then there would be no way to run the cars , which may lead to decrease in their numbers .
But scientists have estimated that there is enough fossil fuel for the next fifty years .
So my guess is that cars number may go down but certainly not in the next twenty years .

One may argue the due to unforeseen reason the cost of fuel goes up .
Even if that is the case , I hold to my claim that the number of cars running on the roads will not decrease .
Because cost of everthing is related to the cost of petroleum fuel , directly or indirectly .
On the whole the relative cost of the fuel will remain the same .
There would be no reason to abandon your cars .

Yes , there is a possibility that new transport vehicle comes into the picture in the coming years .
But it would be expensive .
All products in testing phase are expensive .
The new products cannot reach to mass production stage in just twenty years .
How many years do you think inventions like aeroplane , television , even the electric bulb took to come to a situation where they were mass produces .
You have to build the entire architecture for that new product , which may take more time than the development of the product .
Like to operate a electric bulb you need a fully functional electric network !

People are not going to dump their cars for a new product .
This is especially true for the people in underdeveloped and developing people , where they do n't throw away even non functional things !
And these people constitute a majority when the whole world is considered .

Also there is a reliability issue .
The cars after serving decades are quite reliable .
You have choices .
There are motor cars .
There are flashy royal cars like Mercedes .
You have entire car sport based on them .
People are not going to abondon them in such a short time .
Though vehicles have replaced the use of animals like horses for transportation but there are still horse races .
The number of horses has not come down .

One may claim that people might become so serious about the pollution so they may stop using cars .
They are not going to be serious unless it threatens their lives .
And if the number of cars does not multiply beyond our imagination , there will not be a situation where car pollution would hurt us that much .
The situation , I guess , will remain the pretty same .

It is possible that the world comes to an end .
Or the whole world would be submerged in water .
Thats a different issue .
Assuming that life goes on as it is now and no such abnormal activity happens , I see no reason why the number of cars being used will come down .
I do agree with the statement that nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .

I think it is really important that the kids of today do not only sit in their rooms and playing computer or watching TV .
But that is how they spend their free time .
They do not care about people who really need help and they are only interested in themselves .

For my application for a student exchange programm with the government I was asked to spend some time in a place where people need my help .
I chose to go to a place where homeless people can have lunch and dinner .
During that time I saw so many poor people , with old and dirty clothes , who were very hungry or who needed medicine .
It really was an experience for me .
I helped to give them warm lunch and dinner and I felt so good when I saw that the homeless people where happy about the meal and that they could laugh again .
There I felt as if I really can help people and that I did something important .
But if you go in the cities you see many kids who are laughing at homeless people , who are angry about them and who say that they should be taken away by someone .
But who is the `` someone '' if they do not want to help ?
I think it is important to change their behaviour .

Furthermore , the same thing happens with old people , who cannot live longer on their own .
The youth of today does not care about what happens to these people .
They only say that they are old and that they will die soon .
But the question is what they would say if they are in the position of the old people who need help ?
They would wish that there is somebody who helps with their shopping , washing , cleaning the room etc .

In my opinion the experience to do something important and to see people laughing again , is really important for the eduction of today 's youth .
You do not only need to be good at school and know how to work but also how to handle other people and what to do for the society .
For me that is , when you are ready to become a responsible human being .
I can agree to this statement but of course this does not mean that there are no people that spend time - or enough time - to helping .
The problem as a whole is a problem of the society being fast , anonymous and commercial .
Let me explain some of the reasons for the problem in detail .

First of all many young people nowadays do not even have the time to get really involved into a community for a long time .
After school they go to a university far away and afterwards they will find a job elsewhere - and even that job can end soon and one will have to leave again .

One point - perhaps related to the one before - is the focus people have .
Most do only look at themselves and do not want to handle the problems of other people - maybe they do not have the time or connection to the people and city the went to for their new job , for example .
So , always looking for the own success makes people blind for problems of their neighbours , classmates and communities .

Furthermore the preferance of indoor activities as they are very common today - such as tv , computer games or internet - leads to loss of communication with other people .
Following helping other people or communities gets less and less , too .
A girl sitting at home and watching her perfered afternoon soap and dealing with the problems shown there will no longer be interested in the problems in her community .

In conclusion I can state again that I agree with that statement - but this negative issue is not only the fault of single persons but - to a certain amount - the fault or problem of the society and our generation as a whole .
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people tend to be innocent and naive to their surrounding world , and thus can enjoy life without worrying about the future .
Older people know how the world works ; they have bigger reponsabilities than can affect the world more , thus they have to keep worrying about the consequences of their actions and cannot enjoy life at its full potentail .

Young people , including children and teenagers , are being introduced to their world .
The learning process is like a enjoyable journey about the meaning of life .
Their innocence prevents them from thinking beyond the future and thus they enjoy life without thinking about the consequences of their actions .
They tend to be more liberal when making desicions ; they want to try everything that is ahead in their lives .
This form of thinking allows them to enjoy life with liberty .
An example that best illustrates the liberty of young generations is the free expression of love on the 70's embodied by the ` Hippies ' .

Older people tend to think differently than young people .
They think more about the future and and emotional stability .
They are experienced and know the dangers and benefits of their surrounding environment .
They tend to be more conservative when making decisions and always have to speculate about the outcomes of their choices in life .
Thus they more reluctant to try all the different tastes that life can bring , because they can judge the future consequences of their actions .

In conclusion , I agree that young people can enjoy life more than old people ; because young people are naive and can wonder through life without thinking about the consequences of their actions , while older people have bigger responsabilities that prevents them from acting freely .
Although older people may enjoy their retirement and have gained a great amount of moneyto spend , I prefer to experience the life as a young persons usually do .
In the first place , young people do not have to deal with many illnesses .
They are healthy and can spend their life with activities .
For example , they join sports clubs or enjoy bungee jumping while older people may have to deal with cancer and have to stay at home or in hospital .

Second , patterning your further life appear to be an interesting stage of life .
As a young adult one decide on studying or making an apprenticeship with a company .
This decision-making process affects one 's whole future .
Beside that young people choose a marriage partner and search friends , who they may have contact with the rest of their life .
Consequently this period is very exciting and requires much engagement ; however , it offers the great opportunity to choose from all the options , which lay in one 's ability .

Third , there probably would never be a time , in which one can so easily make new friends .
For example , I as a student met so many different people at university and sustain the possibility to learn from them or experience a whole new culture .
I as a student for example have amazing friends from Turkey and Spain .
Beside that one can spend time with attending parties and joining clubs offered by university or another organization .

Finally , young people are mostly only responsible for their own life and can decide on everything without caring about husband , wife or children .
This offers a significant background for self-realization .
During this beneficial time a student maybe choose to study abroad , an option which will offer both , personal and academic enrichment .

Consequently , I enjoy being a young person with all options but less responsibility and an interesting freetime
I agree with the statement as I think there have occured various societal changes during the last decades which have influenced the attitude towards community-help in general and especially for young people .

In my point of view an essential step is taken in the early childhood .
Influenced by the fact that more and more parents are working , even mothers return to work earlier than years ago , children have to occupy themselves also in young age .
For sure , children choose activities which occur attractive and interesting for them .

This point leads to a further factor which influences the decrease in community-help of young people .
The new information technology , for instance Internet , computer-games , ...
appears more attractive and challenging to young people compared to community-help .

Also influenced by the fact that mostly both parents are working , they do not have time to help in communities .
Consequently children do not have anybody to look up and follow .

Further I believe that young people do not want to spend too much time for activities in communities , as they are much more interested in a variation of different things and want to explore the world and its diversity .
This is supported by national and internation policy which is presenting attractively the advantages of going abroad , make self-experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign-languages while staying in a country where this language is spoken , and so on .

Further thinking on my own experience in my home country , universities and colleges are more and more centralised .
Therefore young people have to leave their home-village pretty soon after finishing highschool if they want to attend higher education .
Consequently people are at least locally separated from their communities .

To sum up , I regret that community-help is decreasing , however I can see reasons leading to this development .
And deep in my heard I hope that young people reflect on this development and put more emphasize on communtiy-help in future .
Though I cannot conclusively state whether there will be fewer cars in use 20 years from now or not , I can assert with some degree of confidence that people will opt for various other modes of transportation in their everyday lives .

With the increase in the population and the average standard of living improving , we now see each family owning at least a car or two .
This puts a lot of pressure on the roads .
Traffic is usually a problem that one witnesses almost every day .
To get to a place where I could have otherwise , some 5 years ago , reached in 10 minutes , it now takes me close to an hour .
However , if the government does somehow manage to curb the aforementioned problems , then the situation could be different .

Also due to better and more convenient modes of public transportation - railway , metro , buses etc , .
The Government , having noticed the deteriorating conditions of traffic , has tried to do something to improve the congestion and road conditions leading to it .
But our nation has seen a population boom far beyond its expectations .
Roads cannot be broadened further and no more place for it can be alotted .
I have noticed a shift in peoples choice of everyday transportation .
Not only is it more convenient because it occludes problems of traffic , parking etc , but it also proves to be less expensive and more comfortable .

Admittedly , one cannot deny the advantages of having and using a car .
Some people are very passionate about cars , buying and using them .
Also , at times of emergency such as a late night need to go to the hospital or a doctor , or even for other conveniences , a car does come in handy .
Besides , certain people just hate public means of transportation .

To conclude , due to an increase in the number of cars attributable to a huge population boom , terrible road conditions and the improvement in public transportation , I do see a decline in the number of cars in use 20 years from now .
Thus , in essence I do agree with the speakers assertion that in 20 years from now there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I am totally disagree with this idea .
There are some key reasons for the disaggrement .
In today 's world , developments continue at very high rate , so this circumstance requires dividing the subjects into some number of parts .
This is also valid for academic subjects , since academic life is directly related to development process .
You must look at the procedings , provide some new idea and make it real .
This means that you will add someting that will be work on it for the further time , maybe it will be another subject which will be considered as a new branch .
The main reasons can be listed as diversity of a subject , the new ideas on them and turning the idea to real .

First of all , we can examine the situation of expansion of the subject that is a academic one .
Today every academic person works to provide some inventions or developments about their fields .
What is the way of solving problems about a subject that is studied ?
The most effective way of this is dividing it into some reasonable number of parts .
For instance , think about the biology , it is a huge area that academic people work on it , but when you look at the academic life , you can see one important thing which is the subject has been divides into many parts such as microbiology , plant systems , genetic science etc .
We can find many other subjects that are worked on them , today .
Why did they divide the subject ?
Actually , the answer is obvious , many people work on it and the area is expanded , to solve the problems as quicky as possible you must work like a team that the members work for a specific part of it .

Secondly , we can think the situation that is alive about new ideas .
Actually , this is about the expansion process , but we must think this as separate part .
Academic people works on many subjects and they try to put some new ideas into the field .
How can affect these ideas the division process ?
The new ideas mean the new woorking areas , think the one of the most invention called computer and its acedemic side .
The computers came out from the electrical and electronical progress .
That is , the people who study for the development of electrical process thougt an idea about usage of electricity as bits ( 1 and 0 ) in the scale of current .
After this idea , the related academic filed started to thinking it and provided some other developed ideas that required to create a new branch of study .
So , they divided the electrical and electronical field into two .
This is also valid for today and we can combine this approach with the development process .
Because , these new successfull research theories .
new developments have gone out .
That is , all of them like the example make the area bigger and bigger .
As a result , this needs a division for being faster about academic improvements .

Finally , we must aware of the process that is division is neccessary for being developped at a higer rate .
This makes me being disaggre with the idea that is stated .
Help of the young people to their communities have always been important for all communities .
It is also a fact that the need for their help is increasing as the sizes of the communities are also increasing .
In spite of this increasing demand , young people of our days do not give much time to helping their communities .
But we should not blame them because there are reasons for their behaviour on this issue , such as harder education system of our days , the places young persons generally live and the bad conditions of community services .

The education system of our times are much harder than the past times .
Harder topics are included in majors in order to give the students the ability to compete with other students from different schools , while trying to find a job .
Moreover , students now have to spend too much time for preparing for this hard education in order to be successful , which limits their time a lot .

Secondly , the increase in the number of young people who are attenting to the schools made the schools to build big campuses outside the cities , in order to provide more capacity .
Therefore , students started to live in these campuses as it is hard for them to go to a school which is far away everyday .
Because of the distances of these campuses to the city and the limitation of the time of the students , they cannot attend to the social events or community services which generally take place in the cities .

Moreover , it is a fact that the governments do not do anything that will attract the young people to take role in community services .
The environments of such services are really poor and also there is not enough chance for young people to have important roles in these organizations .
Governments should support the young people and provide better conditions in the community services in order to attract the attention of young people .

To conclude , it is clear that nowadays , young people are not giving much time to the benefits of their community than they were giving before .
However , it will be wrong to blame them for this as they work harder during their educations , live in places far from the cities and are not attracted by the terrible conditions that community services mostly have .
The goal of advertisement is to attract people to buy a product , and therefore they make look the products better than they are .
I agree with that , and I will explain with some pratical examples this theory .
Most commercials are these days shown on tv , the biggest mass media that we know .
Specified products are sponsorized between certain hours , for example , during a cartoon show generally are sponsored products for kids .

At night , depending on the movie playing , the commercials change too .
If it 's a romantic movie , we are most likely to see commercials for products that are used by women , or if it 's an action movie the target is the male gender .

Some products , such as lingerie , tend to show perfect female bodies in order to attract both sexes .
Women will be incentivated to buy it because they will find themselves attractive as the models , and men will connect that image to a sexual pleasure .

Sex is , in fact , part of our instinct , and that 's where the advertisement are made to hit .
Another area where we are more sensible is food , but it 's a more delicate subject , because women want to lose weight in a healthy way , while men focus more on the taste .
This way , it 's very important to advertise a food that both men and women like , not considerating the children .

Since we have been bombarded of images of perfect bodies , houses , family , lives ...
the new commercials are trying to give more of a realistic image ( without losing that aura of magic ) , therefore we still will see beautiful women , but maybe in company of not as that attractive men , making feel the buyers at the same level as them , and not anymore looking at these `` gods '' as inaccesible .

But the new target of advertisement are the children , since they are left more and more in front of the television , and also because generally in the families they have the control of the remote .
Anyway , I think that a more specified type of advertising , focused on a restrained target , is yet more effective , but it 's more dangerous because it 's reaching some levels never seen before .
We are always looking for the latest status symbol , which is normally a very fancy and useless gadget , but I 'm afraid that is too late to go back .
The only thing that I suggest is to reduce the amount of commercials , because honestly , I think that all of us are sick of them .
I do not agree that in twenty years the number of cars in use would decline .
The usage of cars is directly propotional to the demand of cars , which I believe will increasely significantly as we move on .
Here are some of the reasons to support my point .

First of all , the population of the world is growing for past several years and this trend is expected to continue .
For this simple reason only the demand for cars and their usage is bound to increase .

Secondly , as we are making more and more progress in technology , the prices of the cars would come down .
Also the economy of people is grownig and people will have more money to buy cars at low prices thereby increasing the usage .
Also with the advances in technology , the time seems to be flying more quickly and everyone tries to achieve the maximum in as little time as possible .
Therefore people would like to switch to faster travel options such as cars to spend time spent in travel .

Also , given the alarming increase in polution due to industrialzation , the polution after twenty years is expected to be unbearable .
It would also lead to harsher climatic conditions and hence pedestrians and two wheeler drivers would have no other option then to move to much safer options such as cars where utilities such as airconditioner would be able to keep the air healthier and maintain a proper temperature .

Currently some of the people , specially in developing countries do not prefer car because of problems such as traffic .
But as the countries develop over the next few years their infrastructure would improve substantially and traffic conditions would improve considerably , again favoring car usage .

To conclude , I strongly believe that as we make more and more progress in technology over the next few years the usage of the cars would increase significantly .
I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Though I think that the choice should be made depending on each person 's individaul personanlity and preference , there are more disadvantages of taveling in a group than traveling alone .

For one thing , I believe that some people do not like being in a group .
For those people .
traveling in agroup will be very uncomfortable .
I have many friends who do not want to be in a group .
They may need more free time to relax and meditate by themselves .

Second , traveling group people cannot decide where to go or what to eat on their own .
They should cooperate with other members and somtimes they should give up their choices for the schedule of group .
I have an example from my own personal experience .
I was traveling in Italy in a group with a guide .
The guide asked which restaurant people wanted to enter for lunch .
Malority of people wanted to have Italian Pizza while I wanted to have stake .
I should have to give up stake becuase I was the only person who wanted it .
If I had traveled alone , this kind of thing would never have happend .

Third , moving in group cannot as fast and efficient as moving alone .
For example , people should wait until all the members get together and it is not easy to find space for many people in restaurant or theaters .
One of friends told me her terrible experienc of travel .
When she traveld China in a group , one of the members was lost in the Great Wall and all the other people wasted time finding the person and they gave up rest of schedule .

But I also admit that traveling in a group led by guide have some advantages .
For example , I do not have to study how to travel or what to prepare because the guide will do it for me .
I do not have to worry what if I am lost , either .
But more research on the traveling country will give me more sense of achievement after finishing traveling .

Traveling in a group led by a tour guide involves a lot of disadvantages , less free time , less options to chose and less efficiency of movement .
Though it can be more convenient to be led by a guide , one should sacrifice those things for convenience .
Lastly , I believe that completing traveling by oneself will give him or her more sense of achievement with more exposure to the country they travel .
So , I cannot agree with the satement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I agree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Previously young people were interested in issues about their communities .
However , as the time goes by , as the technology develops young people start getting interested more with their own issues .
Integration of modernization and technology can be a reason for this change of interest .
Tthus these two can be responsible for the decreasing time that is spent for helping the communities .

First of all , the world is changing in a way that people are getting lonelier .
For example , most of the people , both mothers and fathers , are working now .
Children are left alone at home during the working hours and this makes the children to learn to live by his own .
This results in childrens only thinking themselves and children interested in their own isssues .
In the long term being alone leads to a society composed of young people who are isolated from the world , only sharing their inner worlds with the poeple like them .
Thus as a result of this moderniation in the society , working parents , living in a big city , leads young people to be individualistic .

Another reason for the decrease in help of young people to their communities is the development in technology .
The development in technology also leads young people to live isolated from the world .
As I described above , the children left home alone play computer and video games .
They all have some kind of virtual caharacters and they are much more concerned with their vitual caharacters rather than their community .
Young people nowadays have more problems regarding themselves than the young people of the past .
Thus , they are helping themselve before they try to help their communities .

To conclude , with the modernization which leads to loneliness and the developments in the technology which increases the loneliness are the main reasons for young people to behave individualistically .
This behavior prevents young people to give enough time to helping their communities .
To be able to take part in the competitive world , people must be more qualified than before .
Everyone is trying to improve their skills by attending to certificate programmes , seminars , internship programs or attending to the top ranked schools .
The education they get there is a big step for their careers .

Especially students feel big pressure on themselves , since they do not know where they will be after they finish their education and if they will be able to play a role in this global world .
Hence , they try to do their best at school by studying their courses , doing homeworks , getting good grades .
However , after they complete all these requirements they may not reach their goals unless they .
learnt to understand the ideas and concepts .

The education system forces students to learn what is written in the course materials .
It is easy to memorise all the facts in the books and get good grades .
However , these learnt facts will be forgotten quickly and easily .
Hence , it is important to understand the basic ideas behind the subjects and question everyting to gain permanent knowledge .

For instance , a student taking a political science course may have an assignment about the differences between political views .
He may study the different types of views like nationalism or fundemantalism .
If he understands the basic idea behind those , he will never forget or confuse them .
However , if he just learns the facts it is possible that his knowledge will not last long .

As a student , i believe that it is more important to understand the ideas and concepts than to learn the facts in order to gain permanent knowledge .
If a student is aware of the subject , he will be more likely to improve his skills and qualifications .
In my opinion understanding the consepts is the core for self development and may give you the chance to play a big role in the competitive world .
Some people like to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
Others like to travel alone without a tour guide .
As far as I am concerned , I think that travelling in a group led by a a tour guide is too much better than travelling alone without a guide .
This is due to various reasons .

A reason why it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide is that it is safer .
When you travel to a new place , You probably do not know too much about it .
Thus , if you travel without having a tour guide , you can get lost .
Also , you might not know the language of the foreign country , so you will not be able to ask about directions .
Moreover , if you are in trouble , you can not ask for help because you do not know who to ask and you do not know the language .

Another reason is that it is more relaxing to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
You do not have to worry about what to do next or how to spend your time .
The tour guide will plan everything for you .
All you have to do is to enjoy your time and take photos .
It is certainly easier and helps you make better use of your time .

Beside being relaxing , the tour guide will help you and explain things for you .
For instance , if you go to a museum , he will tell you everything about it .
Further , If you have any problem , the tour guide will support you and help you find a solution for it .
Also , if you have a question about anything , you can ask your tour guide .

Most importantly , Travelling in groups and with a guide is really enjoyable .
You will never feel alone .
You can also do alot of activities with the people you travel with .
Moreover , you can be friends and keep in touch after that .
You will never feel loonely or bored .
It is really interesting .

In short , travelling in a group led by a tour guide has many benefits and advantages .
It is safe , enjoyable , easier and relaxing .
I completely agree that it is the best way of travelling .
I strongly believe that in twenty years , there will not be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I will present an economic argument and current trends in automotive development to support my belief .

I think what the statement is alluding to is the fact that oil is becoming ever more scarce .
After all , we cannot run our cars without the right fuel .
Let 's consider this situation from an economic perspective .
The theory of supply and demand will show that with an increase in price of oil , the demand for cars will decrease , since the two are complimentary goods .
Intuitively , we know from our every day experiences that we tend to consume less of a good if the price goes up .
However , our dependency on cars is so great that despite rising prices , our demand will continue to increase .
For instance , imagine a world where you have no access to cars .
Traveling would become a nightmare .
Not only that , our economies will suffer from the slow movement of goods and the factors of produciton .
Due to such unforgiving circumstances , firms , consumers , politicians and dictators alike would choose to pay the higher price rather than suffer the economic consequences .
Considering the world 's present economic development , with the emerging economies of China and India , it is likely that the demand for cars would increase in the future , since more people will have the income to be able to purchase cars .

Secondly , there is no significant progress in developing suitable alternatives to cars .
Research in this area has been going on for a long time and remains to be active .
However , current proposals of harnessing the power of atomic fusion and hydrogen fuel are not likely to be accepted , due to the danger involved .
Instead , I think we are heading in the direction of trying to improve the efficiency of cars .
For example , we are developing hybrid cars , which run on a combination of electricity and oil , which are about twice more efficient than the conventional cars we drive today .

My current knowledge of economics and common sense dictate that the number of cars will actually increase in the next twenty years .
I disagree with the statement which says , `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .
The following reasons will support my opinion .
First of all , when you get to travel in a group , you always have to move with the group , which means you ca n't schedule your own course where you want to drop by during your trip .
You might go to only the places which you did n't expected to go .
For example , I was on a trip to Japan .
Me and my friend scheduled everyplace we wanted to visit for 2 weeks .
It taked a bit of time to get those imformation but it was worth it .
Suppose I travel in a group with a tour guide and miss the premiere leage , the English soccer leage , eventhough I 'm travelling England becuase it 's mot scheduled .
That will be terrible for me .

Secondly , if there is a tour guide he might tell you all the imformation about all the places and stuff .
It could be good for some people but I think studying about places you go , cultures neer it , learning history is all part of the trip .
If you do n't study about the place your visiting you might not understand their culture and old stuff eventhough someone like a tour guide explains you everything .
Because I think studying about the places is very exciting and essential for making my schedules and plans for my trip , I wo n't need a tour guide .

Also , If you are in a group you wo n't even get your enough free time in your trip because you 'll have to move on all the time with your group .
I think this problem is one of the most important problem in a trip .
I think a travel has too make your stress dissappear , but when you have to move when you do n't want to , it 'll make you more stressful .
When I visited India with my friend , we rested and read books in our hotel for a day .
Somepeople might think it 's a waste of money and time but I think it 's the best part of travelling .

However , these are the reasons why I think travelling with a tour guide in a group seems terrible to me .
I think studying about our own destination , resting there and scheduling the whole travel by myself is the most important things in my tour .
Nowadays , travelling is becoming one of the most popular hobbies .
Some people can spend a lot of money on it in order to have fun , but it 's always a pain of neck to decide whether going with a tour guide or by themselves .

Travelling to a foreign country is most of the time an advanture , that 's why qualified local guides can be highly required .
Their experience and their ability to speak the local language is very useful ; They can help understand the history of a site , or give comments during exhibitions in museums .
It 's obvious , their advices will be priceless , concerning good restaurants , clubs , areas ..
The must of being led by a tour guide is the organization , so one can be sure he wo n't waste time or get lost , and he will fully enjoy his trip .
In other terms , it 's the warranty that he will not waste the money he spent .
On the other hand , travelling in a group is an opportunity to meet new people and make new friends .
It can be more pleasant to spend the vacation surrounded by other visitors ; some resorts offer group activities most of the time .
It 's worth it especially when the group is composed from different nationalities , the trip becomes more interesting because the traveler will know other cultures and learn new things from his peers .

In addition , we can consider an extreme case where the presence of a guide is recommanded .
Sometimes , a traveler can lose his passport or have an injury , then no one except the tour guide can perfectly know what it should be done .

This way of travelling can be judged traditional by so ; e people .
Many of them trend to prefer the exotic trips , where you are left by your own in a completely strange `` world '' .

In conclusion , the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , but sometimes it 's interesting to have a spicy trip to escape from routine .
Life is a series of experiences .
These experiences start from birth till life ends .
If a series of experiences are enjoyable , we percieve that part of our life as good .
If we went through a series of bad experiences , we percieve our life to be dull & bad .
Thus , the degree of enjoyment one encounters in life is a result of the quality of the sum of series of experiences one had in a lifetime .

I disagree to the statement , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I strongly believe that the degree of enjoyment one experiences in life is dependent on various factors , the most important being one 's own mental-set .
For example : An old man woud rather be enjoying more , playing with his/her grandson than the grandson him/herself .

So , enjoyment is not based on age .
It is one 's own mind set & its ability to percieve things positively & appreciate them .
In turn it will result in an enjoyable experience .
Living life enjoyably is a skill .
It has to be learnt , either through experience or through knowledge .

The young people assume partying , going out with friends , seeing movie are the great enjoyments that they are experiencing .
But they are least exposed to the fact that these are only traces of happinees , just like bubbles on the water surface .
There are deeper , intense & more joyful moments in life .
The emotional happiness of spending lifetime with a partner is one of the deep enjoyments older people go possess .

With age comes maturity & stability to withhold happiness .
The experiences of life also provide the much wanted tolerance to older people .
This makes them a better knower of life , relationship & how to derive happiness from it .

In my opinion an older person is a better taster of different kinds of enjoyments in life .
Obviously , the aim of advertisement is to make products seem much better than they really are .
I do n't see any point to disagree with this statement .
If a certain advertisement is failing to stimulate this impression , this means that this advertiser is simply a bad advertiser .
However , this does not mean that advertisement is simply a lie and advertisers are wellcomed to lie given advertisement is the art of lieing ! .
Advertisement also has to have its ethics .
The positive impression in the minds of the consumer is to be created not by outright lies but by emphasizing the attractive aspects of the product in question .
If the product in question is an expensive and good product , many advertisement wisely omit to mention its price .
If the product is cheap , the advertisements would proudly emphasize its exact price .
This kind of selective speaking is true not only for commercial advertisements but also true in our daily lives .
If we were to mention a certain man , one can only mention his positive sides whereas another one can only speak of his negative sides .
Both men would still be talking the reality .
As long as people speaking about a third person and as along as the advertisers while presenting his product are honest , there is no ethical question .
To lie outrightly and to speak selectively about reality are two different things .
In a commercial world , it is not realistic to expect us to criticize their own product !
The advertisements also perfectly know the weak sides of the consumers .
They know what attracts them and what distracts them .
Using the insight of pyschology , they benefit from the temptations of consumers .
But this is one side of the coin .
The consumers also know how advertisemnets are .
They also learn that advertisements polishes the products and aim to create a fairy tale image .
The consumers use advertisements for knowledge .
They are not stupid enough to be deceived by the advertisements .
They are educated by the advertisements themselves of the characteristics of the advertisements .
A typical consumer is more or less able to distinguish what is real and what is fiction in advertisements .
To conclude , although I agree with the statement , the statement has to be qualified .
Recognizing the fact that advertisements make the products look better than they really are does not mean that advertisers are a bunch of criminals lieing unashamedly to the whole people .
They make the positive sides of the products accessible to the consumers .
It is up to the consumers to make their decision and to agree or disagree with the advertisers .
Will we have more cars in the future or not ?
This is a questions that many people would like to find out whether they are car producers , environmentalists , or just regular people who either taking public transportation or owning a car .
However , I think it is important to address that different parts of the world might have different results .
It is because people in different places give different cultural meanigns of the cars and they might have different priority in relation to what is imporatnt to them as a group .
I will start by pointing out how different places preceive cars in some ways and how these differences might increase or decrease cars in the future .

First , in some developing countries , such as China , car is a symbol of modernity and wealth .
When this connection is formed and built , it is quite difficult to expect that poeple will decrease cars in use within twenty 20 years since what people desire is development .
And , this image of developement happend to also means `` having cars . ''
In this sense , I think it is quite unrealisitic to agree that people will diminish the amount fo cars .
After all , the major goal of these places is economic development and decreasing the ownership of cars contracdicts to their major goal .

On the other hand , for some places in the world , especially countries in the West , the meaning of cars and the prority of what is imporant to them are different .
To them , car is more or less merely a tool .
Although I do realize that some people in the West aslo use car as a symbol of prestige , there is a degree difference in relation to how stronger that a car is tied with the concept of modernity .
Meanwhile , peopel in teh West might think the envirnment protection is at least as important as development , if it is not more important .
In this sense , when cars do not carry such strong desire of being modern , meanwhile the idea of environmentialism is appreciated , it is more likely that there will be less cars in the nearly future .

Therefore , I think teh amount of cars will decrase in some areas in the world meanwhile decrease in other areas depends on different context and the symbolic meanings of cars in different cultures .
I think it is problematic to make a universal statment on this issues .
Going by the spiralling rates of fuel prices , there definitely would be fewer cars in use twenty years from now , than there are today .
When , I say cars , I mean vehicles running on petroleum products and not the alternative fuels like solid fuel , solar cells and other alternatives .

Some twenty years ago , owning a car was a middle class dream , but today it 's a nightmare , because of the steep price that one has to shell out to keep the engine running .

Buying a car is easier today with greater competition in the auto industry leading to affordable prices but alas , no such competition exists in the fuel industry and prices are going only one way .
Installment schemes can lure people to buy their fancied machine but how long they can keep it on the road is a tougher question to answer .
And then when there are the alternatemethods of travelling that are available today , they make atleast day to day travelling much easier .

Traffic jams and congestions are a common feature on most roads around the world .
So that your travelling time is unnecessarily multiplied by a not very small number .
Whereas , a public transport system like local trains , subways , metro etc provide a very punctual and time effective way of travelling .
Be it travelling to office , college , school , movie , stadium , you know exactly how much time the train will take you .
So it gives people time for other activities , including relaxation at home or otherwise .
But you definitely are n't honking your horn at the car in front of you or scowling at the one next to you in a traffic jam .

One has trains and buses plying at most hours of the day .
Even for the other emergency hours one may hire a cab .

Also there 's much greater awareness today for our environment , so as more and more people get educated about our eco system , the deadly exhalation of toxic gases can be reduced .
Many cities in the world like Tokyo , Amsterdam have a cycling culture where it is very normal for people to commute to their workplace on cycles .
In fact , most new road projects around the world have a cycling lane as part of the road .
So this should also take some heavy load of our roads .
Also , cycling is an excellent exercise for our bodies .

Yes , there definitely are occasions when one needs a personal car .
like weekend outings , family functions etc .
but they are sporadic events and do n't put as much pressure on the roads and the environment as a slow crawl in traffic everyday does .

Therefore , when it comes to ` cars in use ' , for all the economic , environmental and health reasons cited above , and given a general common sensical point of view prevailing , there should be fewer ` cars in use ' twenty years from now than there are today .
Nowadays , cars are one of the most important features of our living style .
They make our existence easier by letting us move from one place to another faster than walking .
They also let us travel to places far from where we live which otherwise would be impossible to reach .
However , cars have disadvantages such as the difficulties to find somewhere to park the car , the amount of money we spend on fuel and the pollution they live behind .

In my opinion , in twenty years there will be more or , at least , as much cars as there are today .
But , the opposite could also occur .
We can find evidences for and against both statements :

On the one hand , the number of cars have increased at an important rate last years , at least in the country where I live ( Spain ) .
The different sectors of the economy have had good results and the situation right now does n't make us think that things will change all of a sudden .
So , the trend we have observed on cars growth could be remaining the same and make the total numbers of cars in twenty years beeing bigger than it is today .

On the other hand , as cars are very polluting , lots of people have started being conscients about the damage we are causing to the environment and have started using public transports more often .
In addition , governments are creating laws that restrict the use of a car in some cities or even they are taxing people who drive their cars in the city center .
These facts could have as a result a reduction in the number of cars in the near and even the far future .

Anyway , public transports are not usually as good as they should be and a lot of people , specially those who live in rural areas , do really need a car to go to work , go to the supermarket , etc .
Using a car is something confortable and we all know that people like to be confortable .
So , I wo n't go as far as to say that the number of cars in the future will be bigger for sure but , at least , that 's what I believe right now .
A successful person need not necessarily try new things and take risks .
The knowledge of a particular craft or art and developing on it could also make a person successful .
There are a lot of artists , painters , musicians , dancers who already know a particular skill or have a specific talent and they dwell on it , improve it , specialize in it and become successful .

Different strokes for different folks .
Some people are successful academically , others do well in athletics .
It would be unwise for a person who is good in athletics to switch to an academic profession .
It would be an uncalculated risk and one is bound to fail .
It is better to bank upon what one knows than venturing out towards the unknown .
This is not to say that there arent any entrepreneurs who havent been successful , they have been successful because they have done something no one has done before , found something that works .
But it is a matter of hard work and great bit of luck .
There are many entrepreneurial ideas that never succeed and also several skilled people who arent successful , but the chances of a skilled person being successful is higher than a risk takers .
The knowledge of a skill is very useful and definately the right use with hard work would result in success .
Also one must continously strive in their own field and keep upgrading themselves .
If a person has not yet recognized his/her potential , then trying new things to find out what is suitable is a good idea .
But leaving a reliable option to trying new things is not very safe and is not a garaunteed formula for success .
If someone has a talent and does it well , then there arent many reasons for the person to fail except , of course , the skill or talent is dormant and of no use .
For example , someone is excellent at washing clothes and washes them really well , but that skill will not be awarded because everyone washes clothes in a washing machine and so the skill is useless .
So , one must only try new things and take risks if one does not already know how to do a certain thing well .
It is then one must set out to self discovery and risk .
I can say that I agree with the statement above .
To my mind , it is much more important to understand ideas and concepts that to learn facts .
I think that a true learning experience comes from a complete understanding of some key points .
Facts are something that can support the key concepts that you have in mind , and help you memorize them , but cannot be the principal elements of a learning experience .

I would n't call ` learning ' what is instead a simple memorization of facts .
I will take History as an example .
History is usually treated as a subject that requires students to memorize a lot of facts .
This is not completely correct .
Of course , you will need to remember some key dates to organize the information you have collected from classes and from your text book , but this will not help you understand the importance of a particular event or of a specific historical period .
You will need to understand the main ideas that are behind that event or that period .
Otherwise , you will not have learnt anything , you will just have done some memorization exercise .

Of course , you cannot study a subject without needing to memorize any fact .
I will take one more example .
A student of medicine will need to study Anatomy , which is also considered as a tough subject because there are a lot of names to memorize .
Nobody can be a good doctor without a solid knowledge of the parts of the human body and of their names .
Therefore facts are also important .
Nevertheless , if there is n't any concept that connects those facts , you will not have any knowledge .
Facts alone have no meaning if there is no supporting idea or concept behid them .
This is the reason why students of medicine will learn Anatomy in an organised way , : the parts of the body are classified in different categories , and this will help students understand how the human body works .

Finally , there is another important factor to consider : The human brain cannot retain a lot of information for a long period of time .
If you simply learn names or a series of facts without any connection , without any concept behind them , you will soon forget what you have been trying to learn .
`` Why do n't you get more involved in church community activities ? ''
, my father used to ask me when I was younger .
In my oppinion there are a lot of factors that have to be taken in account , when analyzing the modern situation .
But the trend certainly shows , that young people spend less time for helping their community .

Modern improvements forced us to focus more on individuality than years before .
For instance , many television advertisments show successful stars , who want to show the importance of individual potential .
If you are a great actor or singer , why focusing on the community ?
This will sooner or later evolve to an attitude of egoistic .
Which means , I am the most important person in my life and this is what really matters .

Second , young people are less bound to their evironment and requirements for a successful life changed .
Today , you need to be able to adjust in a short time , for instance , to a new city or country .
Otherwise , employers might choose someone else for the job .
Furthermore , expactations of adults towards children changed , too .
School and marks are more important than anything .
As a matter of fact , students in Japan spend most of the time in school or at home , while preparing classes and learning from textbooks .
There is hardly any time left for the community .

Yet , the most striking factor is human lazyness .
For example , when you live in a big city , you do n't rely on your neighbours .
However , many people living in huge , crowded areas do not even know the people living next to them .
There is no reason for communication and as long there is a possibility , that people take advantage of your friendship without giving something in return , human nature tends to refuse interaction .
Supermarkets , cold stores and several other services enabled people to live independent from any community .
There is obviously no need for a community .

In conclusion , I agree with the statement .
Roughly speaking , young people avoid responsibility towards communities in recent decades .
Certainly , they should think about changing their minds in the future and realize the benefits .
Our education system is always being criticized because of its non-analytic education .
For example students learn something without even asking questions about the facts and the ideas of it .
They just learn .
However , It 's important for students to understand ideas and concepts than learning facts .
At first , I will try to summarize the advantages and the essential parts of understanding ideas .

Ideas and concepts are the first steps of creation .
Giving the ideas of an event or a problem forces the student to think aboout it .
As a result , the student not only asks questions about the event , but also takes it further by trying to make an explanation to the cause of the event .
This is what is called analytic reflection .
For instance , we can talk about the exam in Turkey before graduating from college .
We study for 2 years or more without understanding the main ideas .
Consequently our future depends on one single test .

On the other hand , learning facts is also important but not as important than understanding the essential .
If a student is only learning facts , he ca n't get any further than providing simple relations between events or comparing them .
He just ca n't figure out why .
But a student wh understood the concepts can ask questions , `` Why ? , Who ? , What ? , Where ? ''
.
He can eventually answer them too .
We can see this as an escalade .
The ideas help us to get to the top , while the facts help us to see two steps beyond .

In conclusion , both systems are important .
They help making progresses to the students ' view of aspects .
However for me , understanding the ideas and concepts are more important .
They provide an analytic reflection .
`` Seize the day '' used to say the Epicurists , who else but young people would apply this moral point of view ?
Indeed I think that young people do better know how to enjoy life than older people .
There are several reasons for this belief .

First of all I must acknowledege than the older people do , in one way , enjoy life for the simple reaon that their life is coming to its end .
But , given that , I think that the young people live their life more intensively than their fathers or grand fathers do .

Why do I say that ?
Because teenagers , and the young adults are eager to live their life , not only to live it in a normal way but to feel they are alive .
They want to feel the life flowding in their veins .
Thus they do crazy things thinking that they may be unable to do it afterwards .
For instance young people are very fast drivers , very heavy drinkers , and very good at partying all night long .

Moereover , they do n't only live more intensevely `` normal life '' but they are also looking for crazy things to do like jumping from an aircraft or jumping with an elastic from very high spots .
I do n't think that an eighty-years-old-grand mother would do that .
Thus for two reasons .
One is that she will be physically too old , an other one is that she will be mentally too old .
At her age pleasures of life does not remain in risky things to do .
She is just looking for some quiet stuff to make .
But is she still enjoying life ?
She is certainly enjoying the end of it when young people are enjoying the dawn of it .

That is the other main reason why young people are not only enjoying life but living it .
It 's because all opportunities are wide opened to them .
A young mind is full of projects whereas an old one is full of memories .
One is living things for real , an other is living them in fiction .

All in all it appears that the young seize the day when the older look at it .
But we ca n't deny them any pleasure for that .
They are just saying `` carpe diem '' in a more peaceful way .
Success is a relative subject .
Everyone 's success perception is quite different .
While one thinks that success is gained by following the given instructions properly and completing a task by this way , other thinks that success comes with invention and creativity .
I think the real success requires the both .
However , there is a risk factor for the second success perception .
What if one fails while trying the new things ?
What if a successful known person cannot achieve it this time ?
Those quetions sometimes prevent the people from trying the new .
In this writing two underlying reasons for that prevention is mentioned .

The first reason stems from the nature of the human beings .
We are all afraid of being a loser .
Think about the situation in which people behave dishonest about their current studies .
For example , think about a student who tells that s \ he does not study for the exam , although s \ he studies day and night .
Why do you think s \ he behaves so ?
The reason is that s \ he is not sure whether s \ he can achive or not and because of the fear of losing s \ he prevents the others from knowing about the situation as possible as s \ he can .
However , when we achieve something and get rid of the losing risk , we do not strictly try to be shy on the subject .
That 's the human nature from which we cannot escape .

Another reason that makes the people escape from trying the new is again related with the fear explained in the previous paragraph , that 's the fear of losing .
However , this time it is the fear of losing reputation and it is more related with the people who are widely known as successful ones .
Those people are afraid of losing their early gained reputations about success .
In particular , a professor working on a great project but keeps it as a secret can be a good example for the situation .

To conclude , I partially agree with the idea `` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they alraedy know how to do well . ''
I agree that successful people try the new and they should also : they do not take risk so easily .
I agree with the staement that , most advertisements make prodcuts seem much better than they really are .

I feel that most of the advertisements either in electronic or in print or any other media is nowadays , concentrate more on look rather than the usability or features of the product .
For example a clothing company tries to spend a lot on the models and presnetation rather than the comfort while wearing its product .
Creating the hype and fuss is the only motive of such advertisements , although public may not like the product at all after few uses of it , e.g. a big multistarrer movie might be opened with a big lavish event , but after few days of show only , public comes to know whether it 's a hit or a flop .
This is one case where extra hype is created for a product by advertisements .

In other cases , the side effects of the product are tried to make hidden behind the attractive advertisement .
For example , aerated drinks , cosmetics etc , which are not good for health .
In few cases , cosmetics have been proved very dangerous , when used frequently .

Cases have been found that after using cosmetics from a reputed company , the customers have generated allergic and skin problems due to toxic material present in it .
Although the advertisemnt doesnt mention any appropriate frequency of usage , it effect is visible after long usage only .
In such cases it is all upto the public which has to find out the consequence after sometime .

Another example is alcoholic dinks and tobacco products , which are pretty much dangerous to health are advertised in such a way that it appeals to the mass population .

As we can see , in most of the advertisements , which come out newadays focus more on packaging and making the product more attractive , rather than projecting there attributes related to general use .
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do and there are three main reasons why I think so .
First of all , there are more tasks given to young people than to old people .
For example , young people have to study in order to go to school and get a good mark at class .
They also have to work to make money or to be experienced enough to get a better job .
Sometimes they are too busy to do something they really want .
But older people have done all the tasks given to them .
All they have to do is to receive a reward and appreciation for their hard work and achievement .

Secondly , old people are wise enough to realize what pleases them .
In other words , they enjoy their lives whereas young people often get stressed out from living .
Old people have more experiences and clues about what life and they know how to behave when they face a challenge .
Probably the reason why young people think they are struggling through their lives is that they have less experiences than older people and panic whenver they find their lives difficult .
Old people know how to enjoy their lives , hoping young people will soon realize what they figured out when they were young .

Thirdly , and more importantly maybe , old people are richier than young people .
They have worked hard and have earned money as a result .
They can spend money on whatever they want .
They can buy a fancy car , they can make a beautiful garden , and they can even give their money to their children if they want to .

Everyone wants to enjoy life and the only difference is the ways of enjoying life .
People cannot assume that old people cannot enjoy life only because they are old and boring .
Obviously , there are many things for young people to learn from older people .
They need to learn how to work hard , how to achieve their goals , and how to enjoy life .
However , most of these questions will be answered completely as they actually get aged .
Look around you , there are so many successful people .
They come in various `` shapes and forms '' .
The shapes and forms being , the circumstance ( let 's face it , luck plays a `` minor '' role ) , the personality of the person and what the individual is successful in .
However , there is one common thing among all them successful folks , they are absolutely focused .
They know what they want , and when they want it .
They also take risks , something not all of us have the capability to do .
They are no doubt good at what they do , however the risk is the key factor .

People who are successful are inded very clever .
They know what they want , they know how to get what they want .
What makes them different from unseccessful people is the latter ; how they get what they want .
Risk taking is one of them .
They are no doubt very good at what they do , this is what gives them the confidence to go ahead and take that risk .

For instance , I play Badminton , and the best player on our school team is successful at badminton .
He is alos arrogant in his beliefs , however , it is his beliefs that have gotten him so far with the game .
He takes risks while playing a match that is very hard core and intense .
Plaing with him is a very scary prospect because his stratergies to win are such .
He let 's the opponets gain a couple points , so that they become over confident and then systematically goes about gaining back point and eventually beating them .
Now , for an amateaur like me , this is anything but comforting .
What if they become so confident that they actually are better than you are ?
This question he never answers because he is convinced his theory will will work , no matter what .

He is successful , i consider him so .
He knows the game so well and he watches his oppensts so well that he can manipulate the attitude of his opponents .
This could be an example of a successful person .
It 's his risks that make him part of what he is .
Advertisements are everywhere you look .
You can find them in the newspapers , on the television screen , in magazines , and on big posters .
These advertisements may be inevitable , but one question remains , do most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are ?

When hearing that question , Axe advertisements may instantly pop into ones head .
An advertisements , which has been on television for a while , show women running after a man who used Axe deodorant .
When thinking about that , it is probably hard to remember ever seeing a man run away from thousands of women chasing him because he uses axe .
In this case on would probably have to say that they make false advertisement , or simply use an exageration to show that their product smells good .

A product that definitely had false advertisement to it was the Nike Shox sneaker .
In commercials for this sneaker it was said that the shoe makes the person who wears it jump higher , and that it was proven by experts .
Later studies actually showed that the shoes merely took less pressure off of the back and joints , but did not really make the person jump higher .
One has to say that despite it being a good shoe that supports the back and joints , such as knees , it is definitely not what it is made out to be , and therefore also a worse shoe .

Another advertisements that make its product seem better that it really is , is the Powerade sports drink .
Who has not seen the commercials of a quarterback in football throwing the ball to a receiver who then falls a couple of yards ?
With much guarantee , this did not happen in reality , but was advanced by computers , therefore the advertisement makes this product seem much better than it really is .

One could definitely make a strong statement for businesses advertising its products much better than they actually are .
As shown through Axe , Nike , and Powerade commercials , these brands often try to convince the costumers through exageration .
One should not always take the advertisements completely serious , for some are clearly exagerating to bring a point across .
I disagree with the presented statement .
I think it is better to have an specific knowledge about an academic subject than having a wide range of academic knowledge .

To underline my opinion I would like to refer some arguments and examples .

First , I would like to refer my own experiences when I was studying law at university .
There was a mass of students that started with me in my first semester .
About 300 students had for several years the same courses , so we were all taught the same general subjects .
There was no difference between the students , though the number of students was so high .
Is it possible that 300 people like to be taught in the same way ?
This was something that disturbed me very much .
In order to get rid of that academic unity I refused to listen to each lecture and started to read books on subjcts I was interessted in and got specialised by myself .

Second , you have to keep in mind that you need to get a job .
I think most of the jobs are very specialised and you will need certain skills and knowlegde to get your work done .
This is why you have to specify in one or two subjects before .
Then it would be to late for you to specialise .
A as result you have to conclude , that it is better to specialise early in order to get a good job .

Third , of course I have to admit that there are so many things that are interessting to be dealt in class .
In that general way it is granted that you also learn about things you were not interested in ( yet ) .
Perhaps you find out more about other subjects , that you did not get in contact with , because you were specialised .

But neverless I would like to prefer to specialise myself and pay its tribute not to get into touch with other more general topics .
I think when you are really interested in arts , music or anything else you can still read books about that or occupy in any other way yourself with general topics in your freetime .
I agree that the best way to travel is in a group with a tour guide if the destination is one that 's new to you .

If one is visiting a country for the first time , and especially if one doesnt know how to speak the native language , and is completely unfamiliar with the visiting location , it is best to go with a tour guide .
Tour guides are very qualified and have a lot of knowledge about the country 's history , customs , food , traditions , culture and must-see monuments .
They also provide useful help regarding hotels and good eating and entertainment locations .
This is very beneficial because not only one sees and experiments a new country , but also one gets to know about it , to grow as a person and as a citizen , expanding one 's horizons getting to see more than meets the eye , experiencing the history of the place , the way people behave and live in that specific place , one gets to feel embraced by the country and its culture in a way that engages you to it , in a way you 'll never forget and hardly will experience again .

The first time I visited Italy and learned about its artists , its culture , music and history i fell in love with it , the first time I got to interact with its people I was certain I would come back one day and live the rest of my life there , in Italy , in Rome ...
I learned that there 's more to Italy than a Colliseum , there 's more than the language and there 's more than the famous ` gondolas ' to it , it 's what 's behind all those creations , the thoughts , the magic , the inspiration and the passionate drive what makes that country so beautiful , passionate and perfect in my eyes .
That 's why I belive it is better to travel with a tour guide , it takes you farther , you get to travel not only with your body , but with your heart and mind .

However , if the destination is a place one 's already familiar with , and specially if one 's traveling with a partner , or in a honeymoon , it would be much more comfortable to go as a couple , without any tour guides , rediscovering the country by one 's own means and visiting the places one wants to visit , not necessarily the most visited and popular places , but for instance , one 's favorite restaurant , one that probably not much people know about , but that it 's excellent and brings back beautiful memories .
Also if one 's traveling with the whole family , especially with small kids , it would be very difficult to pay attention to the tour guide without being interrupted by a tantrum and fights between brothers and sisters , so it would not be the best idea to go with a tour guide .

For instance , I am from Venezuela even though I 'm living in the US , and I think I know pretty much everything about my country , so visiting my country with a tour guide wouldnt make much sense to me , since I already know it and the places I like to visit and that are so special to me , and it would only take time from me visiting my best friends and my family , all of whom live there , and since my point of visiting would be to see my friends and family again , having a tour guide would only be an obstacle in the way of enyoying my trip , therefore it wouldnt be beneficial for me in any sense .

To conclude , I think its a great idea to visit a country with a tour guide if that place is new to you and you would like to know and learn about it , nurturing your mind .
However if its a place that 's already familiar to you , it would be much more enyoyable to go with a partner and enjoy the country as you know it .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
For example , when Albert Einstine discovered new things , he did n't know any of those things .
He was n't familiar with his discoveries and did n't know them well .
But he took a risk and tried new things which lead to his great discoveries .
If he did n't take risks and just kept doing what he was already familiar with , he would have never found out all those famous discoveries that he did .
Because he took risks and tried new things , he discovered new important things which made him successful .

Another example is the Lewis and Clark expedition .
Before they went on their trip , no one knew what was waiting for them in the west .
But Lewis and Clark took a huge risk , leading a group of peoples into the west , hoping that there would be a great discovery there .
If they just stayed in areas they were familiar with , they would have never found the great west .
Because Lewis and Clark tried something new , they were able to find the west which made them very successful people .

My last example has something to do with something that can relate to everyday people .
My little sister was working on a science project last week .
After she had done all the required things , she took a look at her project .
She was worried that she would n't get a good grade on it .
So she called me over and asked what she could do to make her project better .
I told her that she should do something creative that other students would n't do .
Something creative would make her project stand out and catch people 's attention .
So my little sister took my advice and did something that was n't even on the rubric for the project .
By doing this , she was taking a huge risk of losing points on her project .
But because she took this risk , the teacher told her that her project was the most creative project and got extra points .
By taking the risk and trying something new , my little sister was able to earn extra points which made her grade over 100 % and also a very successful student .
In all these examples , they would have never been successful if they did n't take the risk and try new things .
But becasue they tried new things and took the risk , they were successful .
I disagree with the statement `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
In this essay I will state the reasons why I am against this idea .

More often than not , people choose to travel in a goup led by a tour guide because they are either not familiar with the place where they are trvaeling or not familiar with the langauage .
Therefore , they are afraid of having trouble and have no way to ask for help .
With the advanced technology , it cannot be easier to find information about the place you plan to visit .
You can book air tickets and hotels and rent cars online .
You can download maps of the cities you are visiting and carry them with you so that you are less likely to get lost .
As for the language problem , with more and more people traveling around the world , local people more or less learn to speak several languages relating to their main sources of tourism .
Moreover , how much language will be required to travel a place ?
Not much , I think .
When you are doing sightseeing , you do not talk .
When you are shopping , you just need to know the price and you just simply look at price tags .
When you are ordering food , you just need to know what is on the menu .
Even though you cannot read , there are always pictures .

I prefer to travel with friends without a tour guide .
I enjoy more freedom by doing so .
There is no tight schedule to meet .
Plans are always flexible .
Most important of all , I am not always in a rush .
I can stay in a place as long as I wish .
By traveling alone or with friends , I have more opportunities to experience local culture and to observe the way local people live .
I am not in a hurry to run from this place to another .
When I find something interesting , I can stay longer to find out more .
This in turn contributes more to my memory than just storming from place to place taking pictures .

To sum up , traveling by oneself not with a group benefits travelers more .
Even though there might be more preparation work to do before setting out , you learn and gain more after coming back from the trip .
In my points of view , people learn to be independent by traveling alone to a foreign country .
Taking myself as an example , I always travels alone and I find myself grow up a bit after every trip .
I 'd agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are many reasons for this but none more than technology and the internet .

In today 's hi tech world , everything you want is available at the click of a button and the young people of the world are at the core of this Internet revolution .
Although the internet allows you to master domains never heard of before , it also makes you forget your immediate neighbourhood and your community .
And thats the downside to this revolution .

Lets take shopping for groceries for instance .
Shopping at the nearest store used to be a great place to meet people from your community .
Friendships were formed while shopping for fruits and vegetables .
But now with everything available at the tip of your fingers , the neccessity to go out has reduced greatly .

Going to movies with people was another great way to meeting and knowing people living in the community .
But now even movies can be seen in the luxury of our homes .

As a result of these changes , the need to go out has reduced a great deal , thus cutting young people away from the community and its people .
Young people nowadays hardly know who their neighbours are .
Because of this scarce social contact with the community , they do not feel the need or the urge to go out and help the community .
Even if they do , it 's more because of an external pressure rather than a real desire to do something for the community .

This trend can be reversed only if people go out and meet both the young and the old in the community and interact with them .
Some time has to be set aside for community help .
That way , young people will feel part of the community .
The urge will come naturally once they feel part of the group .
This will help both the community and the young people in the long run .
In the twentieth century advertising has become increasingly important , and it is one of the keys for the success of a commercial product .
Most of the advertisements , though , try to exaggerate the real features of a product , making it seem much better than it really is .

Even if of course I ca n't appreciate this behaviour by the advertising companies , I ca n't blame them because if they would tell just the truth they would have to do huge investments to fill the gap between what they used to advertise and what their product really is or they would lose against their concurrents .
This would stress also the workers , as they would probably lose their job or get less money than before .
The problem is that the global system is now based upon this assumption , and changing this incorrect behaviour would need a global correction of the values of concurrency .
But these behaviour is well established and so it 's due to the consumer to choose the right products , and not to buy the ones made by companies who just invest in advertising without selling good quality products .
There is nothing we can do besides using our freedom of choice in the best way .

There is a moment when this behaviour by companies and corporations is nearly criminal and they have to be pursued legally .
If a company sells a product that is toxic , unhealthy or if there is a lie in the advertisement , that company has to take its responsability about it in front on a tribunal .
For example , I know that sometimes the water that comes from the home sink , that we use and drink every day , is said to be pure in big advertisements around the city .
But the laboratory tests have been made in the valley , before the water passes through all the pipes full of rusts in the city .
This is an example of a lie told by the State itself .
What can a citizen do ?
I drink water in bottles , even if I 'm not sure that my one is etter than the other one .
We ca n't be sure about anything regarding what 's advertised about commercial products , but it 's important to keep our eyes open and try to choose the one we think is the best , maybe helping with our buying power those products that claim themselves to be natural and that do n't do too much advertising .
Saying wether or not knowing many academic subjects superficially is better than specialize in one speficic area of competence is very hard .
I ca n't give an immediate answer because there are advantages and disadvanteges of both types of knowledge .
People who have learned many academic subjects will be prepared more completely than those who specified in one single subject .
But the knowledge of the former will be clearly more superficial and inaccurate in every field than the knoweldge of the latter on the area of their competence .
I would probably prefer having a broad knowledge of everything because it allows you to try different studies and different jobs to test your ability and make your goals .
Furthermore I think it is more interesting to know little of everthing , you finally know a lot of things that you could always want to know better later in your life .

In addition this type of knowledge permits you to understand , .
although superficially , different aspects of the world .
On the other hand the person who knows one single subject and who excells in it is oblyged to do that thing all his life .
Of course he can always improve his knowledge and find new goals to reach in the same field , like a researcher does , but I think that not only it is more boring and less stimulating for our brain but it lessens one 's possibilities to find a job in another work 's field .

Of course I have to admit that without people with a very specific knowledge in one field we would n't have progress in sciences or new discoveries due to their patience and application in their subject .

In conclusion I would say that it is good for a country to have people who grew up with both of these two different types of knowledge .
I agree that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than nowadays .
Reasons for this opinion is as mentioned below .

To begin with , traffic problem is already reached its peak .
As a Korean dwelling in the city of Seoul , I always have problems to find an empty parking lot when I drive out in the city .
Similar to myself , many people living in Seoul does not use their cars if it is not really necessary because of parking problems and traffic jams .
Moreover , these phenomenons are getting worse .
Also , since more and more population are concentraing into major cities including Seoul , there will be less cars .

Secondly , the metropolitan cities are setting up the plan to establish more and more natural parks in the city areas that there no-car areas and streets are increasing .
It is expected , in Seoul area , that there will be so many sections that prohibits the access of vehicles after twenty years , it will not be efficient or comfortable to drive cars in the city areas .
For example , one of the plan of the mayor of the city government of Seoul , newly elected , is to convert the Yongsan U.S. military compound into a natural park .
He is even planing one of the bridges to be walk-only bridge to let people feel the natural environment of Han river .
Thus , using cars will be decreased because of its inefficiency .

Thirdly , development of public transportation is magnificent nowadays .
In Seoul , there have been influx of cars for last 20-30 years , but nowadays , many citizens use public transportations including buses and expecially subways .
There are 12 lines of subways in Seoul that you can reach to almost any place in and out of the city .
Since the cost of petroleum is ever growing , using buses and subways are becoming much faster and cheap .

In sum , it is expected that there will be fewere cars in use in twenty years .
This assertion is on the bases of the reasons taht serious traffic jams , growing areas of car-prohibition and efficiency of public transportations .
Some people claim young people live a more valuable and interesting life than the older people do .
The other people , however take the opposite point of view .
In my opinion , I believe older people can enjoy life more than young people do .
I shall set forth two major reasons in support of this .

Firstly , older people normally know the meaning of life better than the youth .
They have richer life experiences and from which they have learnt what kind of things are worth doing .
In this way they are more likely to spend their time on the pursuits more valuable .
By pursuing these precious goals , their life are full of meaning and have more fun than some young `` couch potatoes '' who do not know where they should go .
For an instance , I used to live with an old lady for a while .
She was eighty years old , but she kept making baby clothes everyday for the children in orphanage .
She considered it as considerably valuable , and thus she greatly enjoyed the way she lived her life .
So older people gain more life experiences through years and generally know deeper about the meaning of life , which brighten their life .

Secondly , young people are more likely to enjoy their life in more superficial way .
It is easy to see that a lot of teenagers indulge in video games and TV programs which keep them from sophiscated thinking .
They are easily attracted by superficial pleasures and the life they enjoy is less valuable than the life with deliberate considerations and long-term plans which older people normally make .

In brief , older people can live a more meaningful life and thus enjoy life with higher quality than some young people do .
Therefore , from my point of view , older people can live a more joyful life than young people do .
I agree that the majority of advertisements do make products seem much better than they really are .
However , they are made to seem much better than the actual product for several reasons ; to have consumers , to have good reputation for the prodcut , and to earn profit .

The advertisements , especially those which people have interested in , are made in an attempt to get attention of as many people as possible .
Therefore , it makes the products seem better than it actually is .
For example , an advertisements for reducing weight .
Because everyone wants to lose weight , the advertisements appear frequently than other kinds of advertisements .
This brings people to actually try these products , because people are so desperate to buy anything that would help them to lose weight .

There are companies that only states the real facts of the products .
Most of these companies are not able to succeed in the bussiness world ; majority of them go out of bussiness after five years or so .
If making products seem much better than it acutally is was bad , then why are these companies going out of bussiness ?
Without having good reputation on the advertisements , the company can not hope to have increase of it 's popularity .
Therefore , the advertisements tends to appear much better than the actual products really are .

We must think what advertisements are really made for .
If on the advertisements , said negative things about a product , I assume that none of the people will be willing to buy the product .
Although being honest is an important thing , it is a diffrent issue when it comes to advertisements .
Because it says only positive things , and successful stories , people who are suffering or wanting to try the products are willing to try the product .
By making advertisements for a product better than the actual products , it drives people who thinks the advertisements are true to actually by the product .

Advertisements are made to sell products in more efficient way .
A `` good '' product will be created from a `` good '' advertisments .
A good advertisement is an advertisement which only states good facts about product , without being too off from the actual product .
From people buying the products after reading from these `` much better than the product really are '' advertisements , the companies make profits .
If the advertisements were not made to be for selling , meaning if it only stated actual facts , the consumers will not even thing about buying them .
Because the advertisements make the product seem like a magical , the consumers will buy the prodcuct , profitting the company .

Companies which makes that products have people who they must pay .
In order to give employees payments , the companies must have consumers to consume their products .
In order for consumers to consume their products , the companies must have good advertisement , appealing to the consumers .
This is why most advertisements make products better than th
I agree to the idea that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The modern world has many commodities that keep youngsters away from doing something charitable , or even doing something for themselves or their families .
The TV , internet , video games , and extended means of entertainment blur the eyes of the young population , making them blind and deaf toward their environment .

The concept of free time nowadays have reduced to home and outdoor environment .
The young people are not motivated to do something useful during their free time .
By media , commercialization and more attractive means of entertainment they are kept unaware of things that go on with the community .
For instance , you cannot see a single young person in a retirement home today , unless they are forced to go by law or family .
This is because they are both unaware and unwilling to perform community work .

Another reason is that they do not give enough time to communities is that no means of authority advises , encourages or requires them to do community work .
They are merely ignorant individuals who are unaware of what is going on in the community they live in .
Charity work is shown as something irrational , giving no individual benefit and taking up a lot of useful time that can be spent on other things .

As far as the competitive educational system and technological improvements in entertainment industry goes , these young people will be less and less involved with their community .
If the parents keep on reminding their children that academic success is their sole responsibility , - which is not - they will be less involved .
Unless something is done by parents or the governments , the next generations will be less sensitive , more selfish and an asocial which are traits no human being should adopt .
`` If one knows all , he knows none . ''
All around the world there are people trying to do all the things they want to do , and causing other people of that expertise to be unemployed .
If a person is a professional in his or her expertise then this person should try to be useful for global researches about that expertise .
In other words , a person should not be trying other things than he is a professional on , but be the best in his own expertise .

In my country , Turkey , there are many people who are trying to be the best in everything .
For example , there are a lot of models who are trying to be singers or actors .
This causes the true singers to fade in the business in time .
Not only models , but many celebrities are doing the same too .
We have an author who also , tried to be the governer of Istanbul .
Not that he would not be a great governer , but he is an artist , he should do his art .
If a person is succesful in his or her business or area of expertise , he or she should try to help the worldwide researches about his or her topic .
The sharing of ideas would bring better solutions to the problems of the world .

I believe that China is in a great position to support my thesis .
In China , people are doing the things they have to do and they all think that their job is a `` great job '' for them .
This may be a hasty generalization , but China 's improvement throughout 21st century proves this statement .
If everyone does his or her own job , then every job gets to be the `` great job '' .

While concluding my words I would like to state my future plans about this statement .
I will try to be a professional in my area of expertise and try to share my knowledge with the world by all means .
This should be the plan for all to achieve great developments .
From my point of view , I totally agree with the statement that advertisements emphasize and magnify some products in a questinnable way .
For at least three caracteristics , which are quality , quantity and effectiveness , advertisements often misleading .

Marketing makes us believe that the product we are buying is the best on the market and that you could not find a better product in the whole world .
For example , Mac Donalds ' burgers are often cited in advertisements as the best burgers in the world .
Although I agree that they are pretty good , Burger King 's burgers are also very good .
Other examples could be find with toys .
Children often think that that will have a toy bigger than it really is because of the way it is exposed in the advertisement .

You could also manipulate people with the quantity you are selling to them .
As for instance , a marketing campain could make you believe that you are purchasing 1000 kilograms of a specific ingredient , when in fact your are purchasing only 1000 pounds of it , that is a typical trap .

Another manipulation from advertisements is to make a product efficient when this product is not working .
There are countless version of advertisements claiming that a product is the one with which you will loose your overweight or with wich you will refind your youth .
In fact it never works , but the marketing does .

As to conclude it must be said that people , especially children , should take care about misleading advertisements , because it could lead to many disapointments and sometimes more than that .
Marketing is a science with a unique goal , which is maximising the profit on the product it sells .
In many different ways of the transportation , I think using cars are the most comfortable one in our daily lives .
Although there are newer technological ways of transportation such as metro and plane ( preferable especialy for long distances ) , car usage will never decline in future years for several reasons .

Firstly , travelling with your car is different than most of the other transportation ways as you may travel alone in it .
But when you choose a bus or a metro or a plane you have to travel with other people whom you do n't know and whom you may not want to be together .

Secondaly , using cars gives you more freedom as you do n't have to catch up with scheduled times of other transportation ways .
You may plan your travel or vacation as you like , you may stop whenever and wherever you want and do n't have to worry about the restrictions of bus stop points for example .

Thirdly , although some people may argue that fuel stocks will be diminished and therefore there will be fewer cars in use , new technological inventions will always find a solution .
There are some studies such as cars working with solar energy .
Such kind of inventions will solve the giant need of fuel for cars and they will be in use also in future .
Perhaps , their appereance and thechnology will be different then now as a result of constant improves in technology .

Finally , as cars are different than other transportation ways , in their comfort and freedom , they will always be used in the future as much as they used now untill there will be an invention of a new transportation machine as speed as and as comfortable as cars .
Some people think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects while others think it is better to focus on one specific subject .

I do think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects for two different reasons .

First , students who study more than one academic subject are able to understand better the world around them .
They will have a more open minded view .
They will be able to talk with different types of people .
However , it is important to notice that it is sometimes very hard to study two very different subjects at the same time .
In addition , you are sometimes prevented by your college to pick up two subjects .
It is why I do think that the idea of broad curriculum introduced in some universities is a very good one .
Last year , I studied Law and was granted the right to pick up one subject of Business .
It was definitely a good thing because my business class helped me to underdand my Commercial Law class .

Second , in a lot of jobs nowadays , you need more than one qualification .
For instance , one of my friend studied enginering and business at school .
He is now the head of the selling division of an electric companies thanks to his double diploma .
As far as my concerned , I work part time in a property developer company .
This type of company is a perfect example of a job where you need the knowlege of many academic subjects such as enginering , business and Law .
You are faced with the writting of contracts ( Law ) , the financing of operations ( Business ) and sometimes a lot of problems related to the plans or the construction of the building .

To conclude , It is very important to have a broad knowledge of many acaedmic subjects because of the different types of problems we will have to face .
Even if I agree with one aspect of the subject , I disagree with an other .
Let me explain .
When you learn many different things in many different subjects , it makes you having very interesting discussions and debates when you meet people for example .
When the people you meet get interested in what you say , or when they see that you are understanding what they say on specific issues , they will appreciate you and what you are saying .
When you are specialised on one specific subject , people will think that you are very smart and that you know a lot of things , but they wo n't always be interested in what you say .
For example a specialised botanist who will talk during hours about flowers to someone who is n't interested in it , will seem to be a boring person .
Someone who knows many things will have more different friends .
There are also jobs where you need to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
For example , journalists are expected to know many different things on different topics , they would n't have time to get all this knowledge if they had to get specialised .
I cannot imagine a journalists who would n't know some things about politics , sports , history etc .
On an other hand being specialised , means knowing almost everything about an issue .
When you work or learn at school with people who share the same interests , they will appreciate all the things you know .
When someone has a passion in one field , why would he need so much knowledge in other subjects .
Finally , at school it is better to have a broad knowledge of many subjects because if you 're good at one and not in an other subject , you will fail your general exams and do the same class one more year , whereas when you are specialised in one subject it is good but it is not enough .
So even if I understand both opinions , I do more agree with the first one which says that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
The point of contention is wether young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I do not agree with this statement and believe the contrary .
The general perception might be that young people enjoy and live life to the fullest as compared to older people because they seem the more active of the lot .

I agree that the activities which younger people can indulge in are much more than the activities that older people can indulge in .
However the time required to enjoy these activities would be a factor tilted towards the older generation .
Young people generally lead a very hectic life and may have a very hectic study schedule as the early years of their life are more formative and demand more time towards their academics .
Older people on the other hand have more of leisure time once they retire .
Even people who are working at an older age have much more financial independence as compared to the younger generation .
As a result older people have a higher degree of freedom to indulge in activities they enjoy .
A person matures over the years and an older person can make better choices about activities that excite him .
An older person is thus more likely to derive a higher sense of contentment from the activities he or she indulges in .

A person who is old and , maybe retired is likely to have lots of free time and can learn more about the things he or she enjoys doing .
If for example a person likes to play golf then he has more time on his hands to learn the intricacies of the game .
A young person who enjoys playing golf on the other hand may be hard pressed for time .
Because of this the older person will enjoy the game more for the reason that he has more time to get involved .
As a result it might be the case that young people indulge in more number of activities but do not do justice to each one of them .

Thus in my opinion a person who is older would be leading a more content life and would enjoy his life much more for the reason that he has time to pursue his passions and also the financial independence to do so , both of which might be a hindrance in the case of young people .
Nowadays , people 's daily life are full of different kinds of information .
And with the high-speed development of technology , the relation between different fields ' knowledge are much more closer .
So if you want gain a successful career , you 'd better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

Car industry set an goog example for my opinion .
To make you company earn more profits , only imroving the technology is not enough .
It is true that people prefer the car that has better quality , good design , and lower cost .
And also technology can fulfill these target .
But after you producing such a good car , the really more significant thing is how to sell it or how to occupy more market , which need the theory and knowledge of enterprise management .
You should have a acute sense of what your potential consumer is need , what they think the car should be , and the most important factor that can determine how well your car 's selling is how much they can afford .
Without all of these useful knowledge , I mean what in different fields , the company will lose their customer , then lose their market and finally close down .

Service industry is another exaple that indicates what I have asserted .
Many people think that the only skill that a waiter or some other people who provide service is being good at making their customers or clients feel comfortable and satisfied .
However , it is not the case .
The fact is these people also need some necessary knowledge to cater to different taste of different people .
For instance , the receptionist who work in an international hotel .
Firstly , they need know how to serve customers .
They can learn from the books which contain different customer , different culture and suitable manners .
They also should master at least foreign language to make they can communicate people who speak different language .
If they can not , they may lose their job .

According what I refered above , I can confidently draw the conclusion that have broad knowledge of many academic subjects is not only make one 's life more colorful , but also make one much more competitive in today 's labor market .
Today , cars are an important object of our life , it has become one of the bases of our life and a great means of transportation .
It is also a symbol of freedom and independance for both young and older people .
But with the progressive disparition of crude oil , we could wonder how it will be in 20 years .
To answer this question , I will see in a first part that there are no signs showing a decrease of cars in use and in a second part that there will even be an increase of cars in use but different cars .

Fisrt of all , I do n't think that there will be fewer cars in use in 20 years , I mean 20 years , it is nearly tomorrow ; the situation cannot change so fast .
Nowaday , we are in a mass consumption society , which consommates a lot of all materials objects and especially cars .
A statistic have be done and shows that cars are not a familiiy object anymore but are now an individual good , so it proves the increase of cars bought .
Moreover , in 20 years there wo n't be other means of transportation as developped as the car is nowaday .
there will be new cars but still at their bgin .
Today the scientistic research cannot propose a means of replacement to the car .

At the contrary , I think that the number of cars in use will still increase for some decades , but it wo n't be the same cars that we have today .
Everybody knows that there are less and less oil in the reserves , that pits are going to be empty in some decades and that the price of crude oil is always and steadily increasing .
But all this facts do n't mean the end , the death of cars .
It only shows that we need new sources of energies and new ressources , such as water , sun , vegetal elements .
We are only mooving to a new type of car , a new age .
Today , there are already test which are made for new cars but it is not developped enougn to be sell and use .
There are some prototypes of cars using water as energies but it is still a begin .

To sum up , I do n't agree with this statememt ; at the contrary , I think that there will be more cars in 20 years that there are today .
There will certainly be less cars using crude oil but more and more cars using new energies
I believe that is better to have a strong knowledge about a specific subject , rather than a superficial and wide one of lots of academics themes .
I 'm going to explain my reasons using a personal example : my academic choice .
In Italy there are two types of Universities :
- One type is for the students that have a clear idea of what they want to do in their lives .
If you study Medicine , that means that you want to become a doctor ; if you study Law , it means that you want to become a lawyer ; - The other is for the people who does n't know exactly , or at all , what to do .
For example , Science of Communication gives you broad knowledge about many subjects : literature , psychology , business , art etc ... , but does n't prepare you for anything in particular .

I chose to study Public Relations , which is very similar to Science of Communication , because I did n't know exacly what I wanted to become .
Well , at the end of my carreer , after my graduation I asked myself : '' And now ? ''
I realized that having lots of knowledge about nothing is absolutely useless .
I had many interviewed , but I did n't exacly know what I wanted from that job .
The truth is that I did n't know anything specific .

This is why I decided to force me to understand what I really wanted to do , and , once I realized that I wanted to work in Events , I applied for a Master , that would 've gave me all the knowledge and the competence I needed to face the real world .

I think that all the high schools should help more the students to understand which is the best job for them , not to make the mistake that lots of people do : attending a University random , that gives general knowledge , but nothing concrete .
I do not agree with this statement because I think that it is more useful to know only a few subjects deeply than many in a superficial way .
I think that everyone , especially students who go to the university , should have a general cultural knowledge but this is something that goes beyond the accademical role .

In my opinion it does not make any sense to attend a class about a course you are not interested in or that does not have anything to do with what you really want to study for your future job .

Unfortunately , I personally experienced something similar during the past three years because when I started University I did not know what I was going to study precisely and as i wanted to graduate in languages and litterature i thought , as most of the other people in my class , that I was not going to study anything else except from economics in which I wanted to specialise .
Could you immagine my delusion when I found out I had to study many useless subjects ?
Why did I have to study things like philosophy or history when I knew i was not going to use it in my future ?

In my opinion the decision of students to go to University is something very individual and it has to be respected , from the Governament as the Educational Institutions .
I believe that it is up to the secondary school the responsability of teaching the general subjects and when a student goes to the University this must be taken for granted .

Finally if you really want to be strong in your future job and you really want to do it in the best way you can , you have to focus on it and learn as much as you can about the subjects related to it .
Why should a future manager want to know something about
I have once read a book talking about different stressful situations people would encounter in their lives and some solutions to these tough problems .
One of the unfavorable issues highlighted in the book is how to deal with a heavy traffic jam .
Undoubtedly , those traffic problems , no matter in which part of the world , has been remaining as a big headache for an extremely long period of time .
It seems the governments have tried every possible way to figure it out .
Thus , here is our concerns : are these policies and strategies being put into effect ?
In other words , are we going to see fewer cars on the road in , say , twenty years ?
From my point of view , I assume the dream would become true one day in future , though , I 'm not good at forecasting things ahead .

Firstly , it is now strongly advocated by policy makers to take public transportation system rather than driving private cars when traveling outside .
As a matter of fact , this plan is working well steadily .
People gradually have noticed that it is more convenient to take buses or subway to go to work and school than to drive private cars .
Take the subway as a striking example , if you take it to go to work during the rush hour in the morning , you wo n't be faced with traffic problems at all .
You do n't have to wait in an endless line and see no hope of moving your cars , in this sense , you can totally guarantee your arriving time at office and have nothing to worry about in terms of being late .
I believe there is nobody who would like to be blamed by his boss every day merely for not being on time .
Consequently , I found no reason for people to ignore the positive alternatives and still stick to his traditional and impractical ways .
In this case , there will be fewer and fewer people who purchase cars , or at least drive their cars during rush hours on weekdays .

Furthermore , the price of gasoline is increasing rapidly in recent time , which causes more and more people to complain that they barely could afford the cost .
Thus , in light of being more economical , the majority of people would not incline to buy more cars .
There are lots of perspectives and opinions about the number of cars in use in the future .
Some people think that we will have plenty of cars as the days are going by , however , I definitely think that we have fewer cars in our future than today .
I 'd like to represent my argument based on the three following reasons : the shortage of fuel , the mass transportation , and restrictions .

First of all , we are going to face the shortage of fuel .
As we know , cars definitely rely on fossil fuel such as oil and gas .
Without fuel , no cars can be moved and worked .
Current and future situation related to the shortage of fuel will lead us to hesitate to buy and produce new cars .

Furthermore , development in our science allows lots of countries to build well-developed mass transportations such as subway and express trains and convienent bus system .
Increasingly , people will prefer to utilize mass transportations rather than to drive their own car when shopping , going to work , and travelling .
Developed system in mass trasnsportation will casuse a revolutionary commuting habits to city dwellers .

Lastly , we are expecting governmental restictions on using cars in near future .
Currently in my home country , car drivers have to pay high tax and fee for causing trafffic jam and environmental burden .
Environemntalists strongly suggest that car producers and car purchasers have to pay more money for using car .
In addition , many people agree to the idea because they want to take clean air in .
Government has no choice but impose more fee and tax for using cars , and will create various way to prohibit car owners from using cars .

In short , I absolutely believe that we will have fewer cars on the road in near future based on the above-mentioned reasons .
Shortage of fuel and governmental restrictions will make drivers hesitate and at the same time , they will choose to take mass transportation .
LEARNING IDEAS FOR UNDERSTANDING FACTS

When students first start a course , they want to know what the methodology of the class is goin to be .
Students are interested in knowing the curriculum and the course description .
Once they know all of these details , the teacher helps them reach the proposed goals .
Every course a student attends , exposes him/her to learn facts and to understand ideas and concepts .
However , for students is more important understanding ideas and concepts than learning a certain fact .

Nowadays , there is an approach to teaching pedagogy called learning for understanding .
This approach , consists in acquiring knowledge through internalizing ideas and concepts .
In other words , the learning for understanding approach , stands that once a student is able to understand a concept or and idea , he will easily learn the facts that support it .

Although this approach is not directly exposed to the students , they unconsciously prefer to learn facts by understanding the concepts and ideas on which it is founded .
A student , finds it more interesting to discuss , to explore or simply to inquire on a theme .
Therefore , once they have a reason to research , they start to inquire .
In this way , students are able to learn from details , conjectures , opinions , concepts and ideas to be capable to reach the facts that support the investigation .

This is a kind of inductive method to acquire knowledge .
It can be boring for a student to start with theoretical facts just to discover new ideas , because the student will be first exposed to a list of theoretical concepts that may demotivate his learning process .
On the contrary , if the student is guided to an inquiry , he will be interested in questioning , exploring , debating and understanding facts .

Finally , the process of learning should captures a students ' attention with any kind of motivation , and what really motivates students is to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn a list of facts .
And this conclusion has to become a fact to keep in mind because this new approach can encourage teachers to change their pedagogic ass .
People that try new things and that take risk rather than doing what they already know how to do well , are considered successfull .

A succesfull person is someone who is open minded .
This person is always willing to do something else , to try new and varied experiences in life , and always learned from the experience .
That person will not care if someday she will have to go to another part of the world , to run an office there , she will only see it as a new ecperience in life and as an adventure .

Another point is to take risks .
Life is full of risks and people should be ready to face them with optimism .
If people stay always doing the same they will live in a monotonous world , and this will only cause them to get bored of what they are doing and stop believing on themselfs .
Instead an optimistic and succesfull person will always find the way of tuning that into an expereince given by life , find the positive side of it , or in other cases they will see this as a lesson to learn , and so they will change what they are doing or the job they are at .

An example of a succesfull person , is someone that , is starting a new company .
This is taken as a risk , but as a risk that is worth trying .
Changing the way of living , that you have always been used to , into a wild and adventurous life , full of travels in which you meet new people , and learn a lesson of life from them , that later on you could apply on a company , is also concidered as a quality .

Humans learn from mistakes , they teach you life lessons that you could only gain by facing new experiences .
Trassspasing the save side of life , and taking risks , in any type of way , no matter if you make mistakes or if you regret it , will always be a price you recive .

This qualities I believe make a person successful
Well , the first thing that came to my mind when i read the statement was Oh my god this is so true , because we all experienced at least once in our life , buying this perfect shampoo that will makes our hair smoother and shinier , because you know the girl in the advertisement seemed so happy and beautiful and then we go back home try it on the next minute to end up really disapointed when loooking in the mirror .
Or when you try that new ultimate fantastic diet that promised you to lose one stone in a week and then a week after you are sitting on your sofa eating two bars of chocolate because it did n't work .
It really seem like a big lie but then I thought that as witty as it can seem it is somewhat logical because then why would i buy a product that does n't make thing better , that everybody wears ?
If you see in a newpaper the picture of a car with no feature added that you just have the crude photo of it without light to enhance the color or a particular settin , you are not going to buy it in anyway .
I mean it is the whole aim of advertisement to sell us a product that is n't common because common equals to boring or bad quality in our head .
It has to make us dream in some way .
In a way i think that when we buy those product we intimatly know that it wo n't make us skinnier or perfect as the model in the advertisement but there are still the hope , and that with what publicits play , that after all this product might really work .
But i do n't really blame the publicits because althought it can be perceive as lying , it is their job to do that and the only solution to that problem would be that us , customers , we stop falling for the advertisement they create , that we go beyong all the fuss they are creating to face the reality ( come on you know anyway that you would n't lose a stone in a week , that just does n't make any sense ! ) .
Besides who has n't try to make reality better in his every day life , i mean it is a human reaction , you know when for example you try to convince your kid that spinach do taste good , and i just think that it is how it works the same with advertisement .
Companies spend a considerable amount of money in marketing of their products .
The principal aim of these marketing campaigns is to increase sales of their products .
A secondary desired effect is to strengthen the image of the company and of the product .
Consumer choices are often based on brand prestige .

In view of these goals , it goes without saying that companies regularly try to make their products as attractive as possible .

To name just a few recent examples , we may think about Airbus 380 , Sony laptops and AMD processors .

Airbus presented their new airplane in a very glamerous way , highlighting the exceptional comfort , high speed and low fuel consumption .
Recently we learnt that they knew about many major problems , in particular the wiring problem .
Of course they did n't mention such problems in advertising spots nor will they ever do .
They had to admit the problems because they were unable to deliver the aircrafts in time .
Moreover for the stock market they have to provide some information regularly to their share holders .
But even then they did not really tell the truth .

Another example is Sony .
They are producers of power supply for laptops .
They recently found out that batteries may explode causing damages to objects and injuries to persons which are close to such notebooks .
Even if they now offer to exchange all the batteries , it do not expect them to mention this in TV advertisement spots .

The story of AMD is somewhat different , because their product is working as you may reasonably expect from the TV spots .
The newest processors are much faster and cheaper than the ones of previous generations .
So where is the flaw in this case ?
The flaw is somewhat more subtle : they once compared their products with the ones of their strongest competitor and showed their superiority in terms of processing power and power consumption .
Meanwhile in recent advertisements they do not mention that Intel has now the better processors .
So they deliberately omitted that their products are now inferior in many aspects .

Their are many more examples of the style `` By my product and you will be successfull '' .
What successfull is depends on the product , but many times one can spot admiration or other positive feadback from friends and envy from competitors .

Consequently these examples give evidence that companies are unwilling to disclose their weaknesses in advertisement .
Advertisements are the bread and butter of today 's commercial market and economy .
They can be best described as the `` necessary evil '' .
Although necessary , they can also contribute to waste of people 's money when they buy things they like on television but realize long after that the product is not at all satisfactory .

As an example , consider an advertisement of a depression medication .
If you watch it carefully you will notice that first it tells you all about its uses and good effects and then it tells you about all the numerous side-effects it can cause .
It is really interesting to note that the side-effects are mentioned really fast and can be overlooked .
And thats the way the advertisement is designed to be .
An advertisement is made to attract people toward the product and if such an advertisement is made for a non-prescription drug , a person may realize all the side-effects once they start using it .

A second example to emphasize the way advertisements can act as a blindfold for the customers , is the promotions for cosmetics .
The way cosmetics are shown to improve an individual 's comlexion and beauty by showing really pretty faces , the advertisements often fail to indicate that the brand being advertised may not suit every skin-type and may be harmful to someone 's genes , causing serious mutations leading to cancer .

But , inspite of these arguments about the way advertisemnts manipulate a customer 's mind , they do make us aware of all the new products in the market and normally if you see carefully an advertisement will definitely tell you all the positives and negatives about the product .
But somehow , it is the nature of human mind to absorb all the nice things , ignore the negativities while watching and then find someone else to blame for their ignorance .

Even though necessary , I still feel that advertisements do make the real product look much better than it actually is because of the way they are designed to take our minds off the problems about that product .
I believe successful people like to take risks and are not afraid to engage new situations .
Success is being in control of one self in order to achieved certain goals .
If you believe you can do it , you have much higher chances to obtaining that .
Successful people are motivated to try new things , to be creative , and to follow objectives even if the situation changes .

Successfull people differ from ordinary people becasue they take risks .
For example : Most of all great business ideas are innovative .
What makes a business man successful is the way he or she manages to develop the business model .
Most probably , it will requiere to invest both time and money to an entrepeneur activity .
It will also requiere to learn new things , maybe processes and managerial skills .
To do so , it demands to learn new things and to take risks .

In the other hand , ordinary people are most likely to stay where they are , in what I call comfort zone .
They are not willing to take chances , and usually bypass great oportunities because they believe that it is too risky or too hard to achieve .

Basically , I differentiate people by their attitud .
Successful ones , have a positive attitud toward change and are self confident .
They believe thay can achieve it .
And even if they fail , their attitud rise them up again to keep on developing greater ideas .
Success is a continious activity , not a goal you reach and it is over .

They are many examples of success .
I like to state my own experience .
I have worked for 3 years achieving professional goals , and learning new activities .
I have been recognized for my committment , and now I work as General Manager for the company .
I have great attitud toward change and problem solution .
I have made my mistakes but always learned from them .
I believe everything is posible when you are clear about it .
Now a days , I am on my way to study a specialized master degree , ready to learn new things , to share my own ideas and listen to others .

I believe success is a way of living .
Do young people really enjoy life more then older people do ?
Being a young person I cannot say that I 've experienced old age , and this makes the question all the more difficult to answer .
However when I hear about all attempts to try and remain young , with skin care products or even people selling their soul to the devil in exchange for eternal youth , I ca n't help but assume that being young truly is the most enjoyable age group .
Why would people fear old age otherwise ?
When I consider all the things I can do but my grandpa ca n't , I really do consider myself to be lucky .
I can play soccer , run around all day , eat thousands of calories without taking a pound but he can barely get off the couch to eat his soup .
I 'm constantly discovering the world and participating in it 's development but old people live in the past loosing themselves in deja-vus ...
Is this however only what makes us truly happy ?
Physical well being cannot only be the source to happyness .

Old people appreciate what has been done , they are proud of their accomplishments .
They get to see their familly grow , watch their children become parents , and grandchildren grow slowly taller then they are .
Older people do not have to worry about the mundane and often supperficial preocupations of a teenager .
Old people get to look forward to retiering , young people only the unfortunate prospect of a lifetime of work ...

How can someone judge happyness to be a inverse relation of age ?
Older people and young people just as they have different problems , can also have different ways of percieving joy .
I think it would be using a very limited perspective if we only took into account our steriotypical criteria .
Can the thrill of playing a hard fought game of soccer not be compared to the blissfulness of tranquillity ?
I personally agree with the statment about the advertisement , which says `` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''

As time goes , the number of the firms in the market is constantly incresing , and those firms are competing with one another in order to survive in the market .
Since they want consumers to buy their products , they are making so many creative advertisements .
That is why there are flooding advertisements in the newpaper or television .
But I think it is unfortunately true that the new copies advertisements thesedays are more like alluring the consumers eyes , preventing the consumer from making the right decisions , as they are losing their originally meaning which is providing the usefull information .

As other consumers of the modern society , I have experienced it in so many ways in my everyday life .
When I was in the primary school , I dreamed about having the human-sized Barbie doll .
My desire was basically coming from the advertisement in which a girl and a huge barbie doll were dancing together and putting makeups on each others faces .
The advertisement was saying that the barbie doll can play with a little girl , moving however the girl wished it to move .
Since I did not have any sister , I really wished I could have had such a doll with which I could dance and play .
Of course I did not think about the exaggeration of the advetisements , neither did my mother .
One day my mom ened up buying me that huge doll , but I could not do anything I imagined I could do with the doll .
The overall advetisement was exaggerating , and the doll was not even be able to stand by itself .
Relatively , my disappointment was great .

Not only as a consumer , I experienced the exaggeration of the advertisement but also as a producer .
When I was in middle school , the student government where I belonged to desperatively needed money for the upcoming school festival .
So we decided to sell some toys which we purchased from the local Dollor Tree .
But later on , I was greatly disappointed at the school student government when I witnessed the exaggerating advertisement copy we had to make , because none of the copies was hesitating to mention that the toys were from the luxiourious toystore , which was not true .

From my experience , I learned that the copy of the advertisement is hardly revealing the truth .
I think it is quite understandable becuase I know how hard it is to sell something for a seller while it is competing with other sellers .
But I still cannot agree with that one can buy something only considering what the advertisement says , because I know the advertisement is relatively supposed to be quite exaggerating .
I strongly agree to the statement that the advertisements ( Ads ) make the products much better than the actual product .
The ads and promotional campaigns are promoting the products to increase their sales and get enough profits but they never take the account of the consumer and its adverse effects on the users .

The daily use products like toiletries and food products , their ads are so tempting that a layman just want to buy them .
The ads promotes the products with all those qualities which may not present .
Some time they make the image of the product as it has all super qualities and it is the ultimate solution of all your problems , for example the hair care products .
Now a days a lot people are suffering with the hair problems and the companies are promoting the products that it is over night wonder and you will be changed person in 2 days or 14 days or so .
But is it really true ??
People are just going on the marketing stunts and they buy it with out knowing what are the consequences and side effects of the product .
I know some people who have used these dyes and other hair products and now they are suffering with skin problems , which are developed coz of chemicals present in these products .

Similarly the advertisement companies which are promoting the food products .
They also ignnore some concrete facts about the ingredients of the product or the quality of product .
Recently this truth has been accepted by the Mac Donalds that they are using animal fats in preperation of so called veggy burger .
Also , I would like to mention aboout the recent fact that just two days back a big bread company in England has been accused of not maintaining the standard and quality of food as some glass pieces and hair are found in bread packets .

Thus the consumers should not just believe on the ads as they are for the benefits of the company not for the consumers .
But I would not keep all ads like the promotional ad campaigns run by government and some NGO and societies like WWF , WHO , etc. in to this category .
Their ads are genuine and are purpose fully made for the benefit of society and noble cause .
These promotional ads should be supported and publicisize .
As people climb the ladder of success their ideas tend to change from dynamic and innovative to static and conservative .
I believe that succesful poeple focus and doing what they already know how to do rather than exploring or trying out new things and taking risks .

Reaching a level of success whether in bussiness or in life requires time and hard work , and upon reaching success risk would be to huge of a price .
For example , a bussiness man would prefer to `` keep-it-safe '' and insure his position rather than jeopardizing his whole career over a simple mistake .
The same goes for trying out new things , because successful poeple are who they are due to the priciples and polices that they have followed ; and for them to abandon such polices which lead them to success would be highly unlikely .
Thus the latter would prefer to follow a path of conformity instead of radical change .

Another important factor that renders successful poeple to aproach new things would be their mentality ( as in how the think ) in which they tend to rely on their past experiences as a measure for thier actions , while on the other hand fresh minds tend to graps new ideas faster and better thus striving to try out new things and build new experiences .
A typical example for a dynamic mind would be a fresh university graduate which is eager to learn and follow the path of success .

The ladder of success changes people in many ways , as they take the first step people are willing to take risks and try out new things ; but as their journey progresses they develope a new mentality which is built on past innovative , dynamic , and fruitfull experiences thus paving the way for a more conservative and limited mentality .
It is sometimes difficult to discuss people 's views on the way of travelling because it is such a multifaceted topic .
Some tend to think that there are many merits to travel by their own plans while others say it is better to be led by a tour guide .
I have developed my own opinions on the topic .
I favor the latter position over the former for several reasons , and I would like to explore two of the conspicuous ones in the following passages .

First of all , if we are led by a guide , we do not have to spend a great amount of time considering where to go and how long to stay .
The guide has already arranged the schedule for us .
As a result , all we have to do is follow the schdule and have a good time .
For instance , when I was a junior high student , my parents and I went to Singapore led by a tour guide .
The tour guide was so familiar with the country that she introduced us everything about Singapore .
Needless to say , we visited the most important spots in the country .
All of us really appreciated the tour guide for such a wonderful trip .

Second thing that must be taken into consideration is that we are likely to make new friends in the group .
It goes without saying that it is very boring when we visit some interesting places without friends .

In the group , we can make good friends with one another and share all the happiness on the trip .
For examples , on the travel to singapore , my new friends and I played together day and night .
They did bring me a lot of fun during the trip .
Though the trip is over for a long time , we have still kept in touch closely .

Of course , I do not suggest that my perspectives are unassailable .
There are still some advantages for us to take a travel on our own plans .
Nevertheless , I think the opinions I have provided above are more important and stronger .
I agree with the idea that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
But it is not so easy to apply this thought to the life that we are in .
Because doing something that you know without taking risks has advantages .
You may not feel stressed and may feel relaxed when doing the things that you are always doing .
As it is easy to estimate the results of your action .
On the other hand , it wo n't help you to discover new things , try different ways or widen your vision .
You will stay closed to your surrounding but can not find the ability to try different things , as you are not willing to take risks .
So you become an ordinary person doing a regular job as usual .
That seems so boring to me that I do n't like to be that kind of person .

Staying away from ordinary life , trying different things , being open to new discussions , taking risks will definetely change our life .
Hard things require difficult steps to take and sharp hills to climb .
You must tolerate these steps by taking risks , if you want to be a successful person , different from the others .

Risk means loosing or winning .
Imagining the positive sides of the risk , that can make revolutions and bring success in our life is the key point for motivation .
We can see its best examples in business .
For instance ; Bill Gates had taken a big risk by leaving school and tried something new that was not popular at that time .
But now he is considered as the leader .
That does n't mean that he did n't face any diffuculties since then .
But he endured the diffuculties and did everything step by step to the way to great success .

In a nutshell , I agree with the topic that nothing can be achieved by sitting or doing the usual things .
You must try different , new things and take risks , if your aim is to reach up the peak of success .
I believe that both things are necessary .
This is a great question and also it could be a big dilemma .
Based on my own experience is how i reach this conclusion .

Nowadays i am dentist , but i just got my degree five months ago .
While i was still in my fourth year of university , i came up with the same question .
I was a very good student with high grades , but all i could talk to people about was teeth and the oral cavity .
I even used to say , as a joke , that i had tooth-shaped brain !

I felt really bad about my reality so i looked forward to find an extracurricular activity that had nothing to do with dentistry .
Thus i registered myself for the Selection of the Universidad Central de Venezuela in the World Model of the United Nations ( WorldMUN ) .

WorldMUN is an event organized by Harvard University with the purpose of gathering students from universities from all over the world , in order to discuss the current agenda of the UN ; in other words , students play the role of diplomatics that defend the position of certain country , regarding an especific topic of real life .

I have to admit that it was quiet hard for me because the training process implied to study and know many things about general culture , universal history and current world events , and those where subjects i was not familiar with at all .
But after a huge effort , i finally got to go to Beijing , China in march of this year , with 28 other UCV students .
The team got the first prize among more than 200 other universities from around the world .

That does not mean that i am not interested anymore in getting an specialization of my career .
On the contrary `` i want '' now to do an oral and maxillo-facial surgery specialization .

So my conclusion is that someone does not need to be completely in favor of one option , i believe that one person can manage him or herself to have knowledge in many academic subjects , but at the same time , he or she can have a specialization .

The mind has no limits , you put the limits !
The statement is ambigous and could have more then one interpretation .
What I do belive is that both of the tecnniques for learning are necessay for students to acquire enough knowledge in the field they are studying .
A general way of studying is the basis for good learning skills .

The understanding of ideas and concepts is important for the students because not only it gives them the opportunity to be interested in what they are studying and to learn more and more profound information on the topic , but it also allows the student to open his mind to new ideas and therefore have his own opinion on the topic he is studying .
This is important for the lerning process because it gives more profound knowledge to the student and prepares him for debates and essays which might ask for his opinion or might ask him to sustain theories previously studied .

On the other hand allowing the students to learn the fact is obviously necessary to achieve the understanding of the material studied .
This is because without the basic facts of the topic the student might not be able to draw conjectures on the topic and might lack severe knowledge that would result important then in giving his own opinion , giving lectures and debating .
For example a student that has to give a presentation infront of the class and has not only to show his fellow students what he learned from the various lessons but even how he uses the knowledge he owns to formulte his own hypothesis needs to know all the basic facts on the topic or his presentation might result full of conceptual holes and lacking important concepts that in the end would impair the student to construct his own opinion and to give a thorough presentation .

In conclusion it can be said that the statement is right in the sense that understanding ideas is very important but is wrong in the sense that to achieve the understanding of several topics it ca n't lack the basic facts and materials or the understanding will be impossible for any student .
I believe that someone should be prepared on many aspects and subjects .
But not everyone could have the possibility to follow this result and be very skilled on many subjects .

Sincerely I like to be prepared on many arguments , I daily read many newspaper and many books about economy , history , science , philosophy , but also thrillers and novels .
I have seen many films and visited many places and knew many cultures .
Overall for this reason and for my deep preparation on many subject I can recognize that it 's quit impossible to be skilled on each subject .

I believe that the specialization on a specific subject is the key to be successful on your own field .
Improving everyday the subject of your specialization is absolutely the way to reach many positive results and the way to be the best in your field .
For example I have took my degree in Business Administration three years ago and after one year I decided to take a master degree in Finance to be more specialized .
And after some months I obtained a Certification as financial analyst , so I think to be more specialized .
I believe that is the way to be very very skilled .
Studing , learning and improving is the right way to specialize ourselves .

For me all that you can learn more than your specialization is called personal culture .
All that I read and learn from the life of everyday is culture that can help me in many situations , during my job or also during my free time .
Knowing the different culture of the world and our history is a way to look at the future with a different view , to be global and opened to receipt other cultures can help me also in my specialization , because in this way you can change your way of thinking .

So , to conclude and to answer the question , if you think to your life as a result or a mix of your deep knowledge and specialization and of a broad knowledge of many subject , you can live very well .
It 's important to be always in the middle , the excess in everything is never considered well .
I agree to the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities for three reasons ; too busy to participate , priority in helping their communities is very low , and fact that existence of community itself is questionable .

First , the young people do not devote their time for helping their communities becase they are simply too busy .
There are things they need to do in order for their dream to come true .
For example , I put in a time in my acadmic work in order to achieve enough grade to be accepted to the University I wished for .
On top of this , I participated in three different sports team , so that the Universities knew that I was an active member of school .
And on top of this , I had attended to the SAT prep course to maximize my score .
I just did n't have time to spend time in the community volunteer .

Secondly , the young people 's priorities are usually in different direction , so that they do n't even pay attention in helping their communities .
I sure was not a kind of teenager to give up my time to help communitity instead of going out with a girl who I liked .
The range for the definition `` young people '' is some what ambiguous , but its very likely that people in their teenage choose their private and personal life over helping their community .
The reason is very simple ; they like private life better and feel excitment .

Lastly , the young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , because young people ca n't find the community itself .
It 's not just young people , who ca n't find community , I believe people nowadays do not rely on community at all , that their existance might have been forgotten .
Especially in the city life , it 's possible for someone to not to interact with anyone or anything to retain your lifestyle .
Personally , I agree to the following statement : It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Many students tend to only memorize the facts and formulas when they study for a test and do not try to go more in depth to understand the meaning behind it .
However , memorization of facts only limits that person 's knowledge .
Although to learn the facts of a particular lesson is very important , a student needs to realize the greater importance of fully understanding the ideas and the concepts .

For example , when a student learns new formulas in his/her math class , usually he/she undergoes a process where the teacher explains how these formulas work .
If the student is only taught to memorize the Pythagorean Theorem , he/she will be missing the important value about the theorem .
It is after the teacher has fully explained on how Pythagoras discovered his theory when the students are able to understand the value and the use of it .
They also will able to understand the `` why '' question .
Without the knowledge of why mathematicians use this formula , many of the students will not be able to distinguish when to use these formulas on a test or on a problem .
This is not only a case in a math class .
In many of the science books , students are taught vast amounts of scientific facts such as friction , gravity , and light .
However , to fully understand what these facts mean , they must understand the concept of it .
It is best for the student to understand why friction occurs and how it happens rather than learning what is is .

By learning facts , the students can learn the concerte , objective portion of the subject .
However , through ideas and concepts , they are able to further learn about other possible solutions and perspectives .
When a student fully understands the knowledge and the concept of it , he/she can use this new knowledge in other fields .
For example , just memorizing the facts of sine , cosine , and tangent formulas does not help the student to answer some of the physics questions about angles of light incident and refraction .

Learning the facts only give shallow knowledges .
When the students understand the ideas and concepts on how scientists and researchers came up with the facts , it means that they are truly learning .
On the one hand , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can be a tremendous asset because we can say when we apply for a job that we are polyvalent .
This is well valued by employers because we will be able to evoluate in many different fields , services in the firm .
Many business schools deliver marketing , financial , linguistic skills which can be used in different posts in a firm .
And this is a security for students who do not have a specific project for the future .
But after all those advantages , there is one major drawback which is that the student only know few things about many subjects .
Indeed , only basics skills can be treated when this is not a specialized subject .
So the student will be penalize against a specialized student .

On the other hand , to be specialized in one specific subject is the best choice for students who have a clear idea of what job they want to exerced in the future .
They can say to the employers that they are the best in one particular subject .
This is very good way to apply for a job .
Firms need the best .
Multinational firms put in competition students over the world , so being specialized in finance when you want to apply for a job at Price Water and House is required .
Its is impossible for someone who have only basic skills in Audit .
The disadvantage is that if the company wants to put us in an other service , which is not our specialisation , we will have to do trainings , formation , or at least to learn alone with our own experience .
This is more stressful and very risked .

So this a thorny problem for a student .
To tackle this issue , we have to compare the strenghts and weaknesses of each education like I have done .
There is one solution adapted to each cases .
Then , we have to know if a job in specific interest us .
If this is the case , we have to specialized in the subject appropriated to apply for this job .
Anyway , in our studies , we are never totally specialized in something .
There is always a few basic skilled mastered .
And this is a good thing because polyvalence if very appreciated by employers .
I do agree with the statement that `` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .
There are four reasons show that it is benifitial to travel in a tour group .

First of all , it is much more safer to travel as a group than by one ' self .
Especially when people want to travel in different country , it is possible for them to get lost or get in troubles .
If they travel in a group , since people can take care and protect each other , the opportunities of getting lost or even get ripped is very small which keep them having a wonderful trip .

Secondly , when travel in a strange country , there are too many things needed to be considered .
Sometimes , it will be exceedingly confused for people to figure out which way to go , what bus to take or even where to live .
For example , once I went to the capital of China , BeiJing with my parents , it should be a wonderful trip for us , since we had no much time to get together .
However , it took us almost the whole day to find a hotel to stay over night which we wasted time and energy .
Eventually , the trip was ended in a unhappy mood and everyone was so tried to even look around .
Threrefore , travel in a group and having a tour guide can make the trip more efficient and easy .

Thirdly , sometimes due to the misunderstanding of different culture , people who do not fimiliar about that culture may make mistakes .
In addition , the mistakes can be very seriours that tourists may cause accident or hurt .
However , having a tour guide can give tourists the best and most accurate suggestions and warns which provide them avoid making unnecessary mistakes .

Lastly , the tour guide always know the best place to shopping of presents for friends or tourists themselves .
Usually , tour guides will set up a day or particular time for shopping , since it is not only about shopping , it is also about the culture in that country or city .
However , if people travel alone , they probobly may not find the cheapest and the best to shop .

In conlustion , I think travel in a group led by a tour guide is a bright idea for saving money and energy , keeping themselves safe and having the most efficient and wonderful trip .
I agree that `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they are already know how to do well '' .
As we are in the 21 century , the world is fast changing , so we need to keep learning new things so that we can keep up with the world 's step .
If someone wants to be susseccful , only follow the others is definitly not enough .
A successful man , a talent , must know have to lead behind the people , he must always be one step faster than the ordinary people , thus taking risks is quite necessary .
Only follow the traditions and rules and do the things `` what they already how to do well '' will never make people successful and even may destroy them , makes them the ones how can not follow the changing world .
People should not hesitate to take risks .
Talents take risks , they never afriad of losing because it will only make them stronger .
No one can deny that Thomas Edison is a successful man .
He is probably the most famous inventor of the world ; he is the father of modern light .
What does a inventor do everyday ?
He takes risk .
If Thomas Edison has not invented modern light , the world will be complete different today .
Another example of successful people try new things and take risk is founder of Microsoft Corporation , Bill Gates .
He has studied in a famous university but he has stopped doing `` what he already know how to do well '' .
He has quited from the university and has started his own business .
Now , he is the richest man is the world .
He owns billions of dollars and everyone who has a personal computer use his `` Windows '' software program .
He is successful and he takes risks .
`` Only doing what they already know how to do well '' only makes people nobodies .
Every year , millions of skilled and experienced old worker in developing countries like China , retire from factories .
They have kept doing their works , `` what they already know how to do well '' every workday .
When they finally retired , they have found that they are nobodies and are not successful at all .
It is their fault that they have not taken risks .
If they have started business or got other creative ideas , they may have much better lives now .
In conclusion , successful people are more likely to take risks .
I do n't think it can be considered as a `` natural rule '' the fact that older people enjoy life less than young people do .
At the same time I must say that it is what generally happens , and for several reasons .
First of all , we live in a society ( I 'm specifically talking about the italian society ) in which the age a person decides to leave his family , for many reasons such as lack of job opportunity , lack of `` bravery '' and so on , is close to 30 .
This means that , until that age , young people do n't face a lot of responsabilities they 'll be obliged to face in the future .

Less responsabilities for young people means at the same time :
a ) more available time for them , who generally use it to enjoy life ;
b ) less available time , and more and more thoughts in consequence to their responsabilities , for the parents .
This is the general scheme of a normal italian family 's dynamic .
Fortunately it-s not always like that .
My personal experience support me stating hat .
In fact I left my house when I was 18 and I came to live and study here in Milan , where I found a job and have my life without any dependence from anyone .
That allowed also my parents to spend the time they `` earned '' in some other activities , like having hobbies , or developing their personal interests .
Enjoying their time .
Enjoying their life .

Even if this is the most important reasons that brings me to affirm that young people generally enjoy their life more than older ones , there 's a second that is just a physiological reason .

It is not difficult to understand that when we are young , we feel like we can climb mountains , travelling around the world without stops .
We are full of energies , our bodies are ready to face almost every kind of situation .

It is not the same thing for older people , who necessarely have to maintain a sort of proportion between their efforts and the forces they dispose of .
A lot of things become forbidden just for physical reasons .

But on the other hand , as I said before , older people can enjoy their life in a different way , proportioned to their possibilities , like travelling , or developing interests
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know .
Todays world of comfort and happiness we are enjoying is , because of the efforts of many successful people .
I can mention the following points to support of my argument .

Firstly , Each and evry person has their own success , in their own terms .
People who have urge to get a good life keepaside the things what they achieved , and try to do things what they have n't achieved .
If we take the school going children , success for them is to complete primary schooling , and after that undergraduation , and then graduation and then getting a job , then they will start thinking about the familly and their children .
Though they remember about their past at the back of mind , they will concentrate more on the future and be a sucessful person at that instance of life

Secondly , success may vary from person to person .
For me success is more like a getting a good job .
For my parents success is having abetter education for their children , eventhough it is difficult for them to invest for the studies and taking the risk .
If my parents just stop investing on my education thinking that they cannot risk it , we will not have a better future .
Each and everyperson try to be successful by trying newthings and taking risks .

Finally , each and every country have their own successful leaders and buisiness people and people of variety of fields who took the risks and invented new things .
We must be thankful for them for what we are today .
They are responsible for happiness and comfort of life that we are enjoying today , and we must put our effort and be a suceesful person rather than sticking and doing the same things .

In conclusion each and every person can be successful , if they work hard and give more better life for the future generations
In my opinion , young people already do spend enough time helping their communities .

There are at least two kinds of communities they currently can be involved in , one is the parental community , consisting of the family members and the closer friends of the family , sometimes up to the whole village some people live in .
The other community is the one where the family usually is not involved in , this can be the colleagues from work , but also communities found on the internet or by creating or simply appraising works of art .

Some young people nowadays tend to spend more time in the latter , thus leaving the first community behind with a kind of ungrateful feeling .
This feeling is a remnant of former days , where people where forced to live together in order to survive and support themselves .

Nowadays these tasks that used to be distributed among all generations in a family can be transferred to public organs or private institutions .
This relieves other parts of the family off their burden , giving them more time to do and produce what they really like .

Even more , our modern societies practically force people to leave home .
People are required to be able to travel for work , or to move to different cities in order to obtain a proper education .

The possibility and the need to leave the community in which people grew up in of course weakens this link back home .

These young people pay back their former duties to their families or communities by different means .
Some of them are taxes , which in turn - at least in most of the European countries - are put back into community projects , or specific dwellings for retired people .
Another , equally important way , is to pay back their duties by creating works of art which can support the whole society .

I think by giving the people a choice of what to do with their time is having the biggest impact on the societies , and also communities .
The communities profit indirectly from this freedom .
I think the impact is a good one , the people who are criticizing this simply have to accomodate to the fact that the ways of feedback are changing .
I totally agree with the statiment .
The company that want to advertise their product is making every effort to make it look better .
They have to make it look better than the product of the other companies to sell more .
Otherwise , they will loose costomers .
I agree with this effert to some point , but there shoud be a limit .
They can make it look better , but they should not make it look different , or say something different .
For example , a frozen food company can advertise their frozen vegetable during the TV commercial by making look good with some special lightning , but they should not cheat on their vitamines that the vegetable contains .
Scientific aspect of the product must be true to the real data .
Like this , there is a need for the testing group .
Sometimes it is a non profitable organization , sometimes it is government , that do all the research if the company is not cheating in what it says .

After I moved to Germany from Japan , I found an interesting aspect of Gemany .
There are a lot TV programs and magazines that make test and research to compare products .
I have never seen such things in Japan , but I think it gives you a lot of information .
It will be useful in a case like when you do not know which hand cream to buy , because all the advertisements make them all look good , the information gives you scienticic data that help you to decide .
A normal person , who has no scientific background , can never compare the ingredients of hand creams , but the testing programs or magazines do the comparison for you .
Like that , you can decide on the product with a scientific base , and at the same time , you know how better the companies are making their product look good .
Sometimes , the product with an advertisement that did not succeed in making the product look good is better than the others with advertisements that made them look much better than in reality .
This essay will deal with the question whether young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There lies a certain provocation in this question because young people are often considered not to take life seriously .
But can they actually ?

Most young people in the Western World nowadays grow up in a peaceful environment .
They have enough to eat , get good education and also have enough sparetime to have various hobbies - provided that their parents make a good living .
In the ideal case , there is not much they should worry about .

For older people , this scenario was not true at all .
They grew up after times of war and had to become adult much faster to support their families in order to survive .
They did not have what we understand of `` childhood '' .
This has the consequence that many older peolpe never had had that chance to learn what it means to enjoy life .

Young people often miss the pressure to take life seriously because their parents never showed them the importance of doing so .
There is a problem with the education of the youth .
Due to the fact that the older people had such a hard time when they were young , they want to make the lives of their offspring as comfortable as possible .
Unfortunately , thereby they often fail to prepare their offspring for `` real life '' .
Instead of learning hard to achieve something , most young people worry too much about having fun .
When they grew up and move out of their parents ' home , they suddenly face the problem that they have to organize their own life and often they fail .

So I think that young people indeed enjoy life more than older people and that this fact has something to do with their education .
Older people should try to learn from them , so that they are able to relax when they stop working .
On the other hand , young people should remind themselves that fun alone is not suited to make you happy in the lon
There were always innovations and people who try something new .
There are three reasons why I think that it is important to try new things and to take risks to be successful .

First , if people take the risk to sell its new idea they have the possibility to be very successful .
New ideas have the characteristic that nowbody else offers this idea or product .
For example , Bill Gateshad the idea of a new computer software .
He was successful because he was the first who sold his idea and he took the risk of losing all his money .
Second , humans always need to develope new products .
For example , medicaments for new illnesses .
Scholars have to take the risk , that the medicament does not work or causes other illnesses .
Before the medicament can be sold to the people it has to be tested for a long time .
If the tests are not successful , the work of the scholars is not worth anything .
The scholars want to develpe something new and take the risk .
Third , new things and innovations are very interresting .
People like new electronic devices , dangerous attractions in theatres or shows and new tastes and smells for food or deodorant .
Every company that developes a new product has to invest money to invent it .
After the company has to pay money for marketing , product placement and so on to sell its product successful .
The amount of money the company spends is the risk it takes .
But without taking the risk it has to sell its old products but mostly costumers do not want old products .
They are only successful if they take the risk and be the first company that offers a new product .

In conlusion , these three reasons show that it is important to use new ideas and innovations and to take risks to be successful .
I strongly disagree with the quote .
The quote seems to be a typical statment that elders make .
The young people nowadays do give enough time to help out their communities .
The amound of time that young people spend on their communities is small compared to the young people in the past .
However , this does not mean that the young people nowadays spends little time to helping their communities , which can be their school communities or local town .

Compared to the past , students are usually given relatively more work today , causing the indvidual student to have less time for their community services .
The amount of homeworks and extracuricullums that the students do almost reaches the limit of some students .
As a high school senior student , I ca n't break my weekly schedule because if time period of one of the activities that i am enganed changes , I ca n't afford to change my whole schedule .
This is very common in my school .
During the school days , I devote my free period to study and review the previous classes .
After school , I have activities that i would like to do such as volleyball for every monday , wendseday and friday , math team for every thurseday and model united nation for every tuesday .
On weekends , I rest and prepare for the following week .
These activities are difficult to stop because they help the students to learn the skills that are essential in the real world such as time management , responsibility , team work and so on .
Also , there are large number of homeworks and tests that i must complete and study .
With a deluge of these important activities and academic works , students nowadays can not devote themselves to their communities as much as the young people did in the past .
Today , the majority of the students spend equal proportion of their time such as weekends to be involed in their communities .

In my school , we organize Habitat for humanity and visit construction sites in rural area of the city , Warsaw , in order to help the homeless people to build their house .
We physically help them through laying and cutting bricks and digging ground .
Also , as a treasurer of the high school , I organize a fundrasing event to send some money to the local hospitals ; the turn outs are great , proving that the young people still care about their communities , and the only problem is that they do n't have enough spare time to help the communities everyday .
The students try to support their community physically and financially .

The young people , students nowadays spend eneough time to helping their communities .
Although the quantity of the time of helping is smaller than the past , the percentage of the helping time is equal .
When it comes to the topic of tour , there are many perspectives about the best way to have a enjoyable travel .
Some people may hold the view that it is travel in a group led by a tour guide that provides the best method .
However , as far as I am concerned , travel with friends or other acqaintences without a tour guied is a more rational chioce .

Obviously the fundamental element to decide which way to take a travel is what you want to acquire from the travel .
Do you choose to travel for the scenery , relax or business ?
The reponse is different from person to person .
However , the most possible case if for both scenery and relax .
So the tour guide accompanying the travel group might give rise to some negative effect from that degree .
Why ?
Considering you are traveling with your best friends to Paris , one of the most romantic cities in the world , it 's normal even irresitible to feel uncomfortable because there is a strange man of woman who is keeps saying besides you for the salary he or she would get from that trip .
Taking this point into consideration , I often choose to travel with my intimate friends or relatives without a tour guide for more natural and comfortable atmosphere which contributes to the enjoyment of my travel indeed .

Furthermore , it is so commen that many people who had chosen to let a tour guide arrange the travel felt very regretful for that decision .
There are many cases which are given by my friends who felt angry about the tour guides .
Some of them complained that the tour guide were ethusiastic about leading them to expensive and extravagent stores rather than illustrating the history and scene of the scenic place .
Others felt disappointed because the tour guide arranged the travel in a tight schedul which made them feel so exhausted after the trip .
Such types of complains are numerous which demonstrate the flaws and drawbacks of travel led by a tour guide .

So if we take a careful consideration of that issue , it 's not difficult to make the conclusion that the best way to travel is without a tour guide rather than with a tour guide .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Yes , I do agree with this statement .
This is the twenty first century , we boast about better living , advanced technology etc .
The use of palm tops , cell phones , better vehicles has all become a matter of mere show off rather than its actual use .
Lets talk about cars ; well we all want this luxury in life .
Nothing can be as exciting as a brand new car , and the number of cars shows how rich you are !

In all this show off and luxuries we tend to forget the enviroment .
Its a topic which has brought concerns .
Its very obviuos , more the people more the number of cars .
People are concerned about the pollution in the environment but equal attention is needed for the non renewable resources like petrol and diesel .
As the name suggests non renewable resources are those which will get over in next few years .
There are not infinite deposits of petrol , natural gases , oil etc in the environment .
There is a danger that these will get used and there will be nothing to substitute it .
These are non renewable because it takes millions of years for these resources to be formed ; and these are the resources used for driving vehicles .

As said earlier we are more concerned about our luxuries .
We have started using vehicles not only for long distances but also for short distances just because we feel lazy .
The number of cars and other vehicles has increased exponentially , and its soon that it will come down in the next twenty years .
As the petrol and oil deposits gets scarce the number of cars will drop down too .
As they say , one thing leads to another .
Thus , depleting fuels will cause depleted number of cars .

If we all realise this problem as soon as possible we will get good results .
Because the more early you know the problem you will be able to solve it before it gets too late .
We can satrt walking the nearby distances ; it will not only help save fuel but also be healthy for the individual .
Apart from this we can start using renewable sources for our fuel purposes .
For example using solar battery operated cars .
We can also use public transprt systems to cut down on the fuel shortage .

Thus all this would help us see a better future with better environment and good amount of cars running on renewable sources
The statement infers that advertisements often make products seem much better than they really are .
On the one hand I believe that this suggestion often might be true .
On the other hand you have to consider that every enterprise wants to make the best of his product and advertisement is always a good way of addressing customers .
The enterprises are doing great research work to produce the best possible advertisement for a product .
They pay other enterprises to make studies on what customers are attracted by .
Of course they have to present their product in an very attractive way .
For example the advertisements for body - lotions often include very good-looking women .
The customers are firstly attracted by the advertisemnet with the beautiful woman , then they relate the woman to the product , they buy the product and then they might be dissappointed because they do not look as the woman on the picture after having applied the lotion on to the skin .
It is understandable that the customer is dissappointed but the enterprise has reached its goal and has sold its product .

At this point I will come to the other side .
It is not fair that the customer has spent so much money on something he believed in but was dissapointed .
Of course an advertisement has to be attractive but nobody is allowed to lie .
The customers often loose their confidence in the enterprises and will never buy anything of this enterprise again .
I believe that it is more effective to stick to the truth .
The customers would not be dazzled by promised results and might buy the product again .

Additionally advertisements are not only been made on TV or on the street but in conversations .
People tell each other of somenthing new they have tried and they give good reputitions so other people might try this product , too .

Sometimes it is in my opinion even more effective to make advertisements in form of promotions in supermarkets where a real person talks to you and lets you try the product .
Having tried the product and having talked to somebody who knows more about it is in my view better than having unpersonal advertisements on walls in the city .

In conclusion I would say that there are much better ways to present a product than to overrate it and lie to the customers .
On my opinion , the success during life is given by a variety of elements : luck , capacity to choose the right moment to do something , knowledge of course and , for sure , the capacity to try new risks , new thinghs and new challenges rather than only doing what you already do well .
Let 's think about some examples .
The economic field is full of people that started from nothing , had a particularly good business idea and became rich and famous in a relatively short time .
I have in mind the example of Henry Ford : he had the idea , he developed it and everyone now knows his name .
Of course , you do n't just need a good idea but you need also other elements , like the ones I wrote above .
Moreover you have to know that you are facing big risks that could completely destroy what you have made .
Let 's Imagine an hipotetic world in which people do not love cars : the Henry Ford 's idea would probably not have been successful .
This is part of the risk .

Another good example is the following .
Let ' s imagine a shares market investor : he could behave in a not aggressive way , investing almost all the amount of his money in bonds and just a few money in shares or he could risk trying to gain as much as he can with the shares of an emerging country .
Well , if everything goes well for him , he will become richer than before otherwise he will lose what he has .
Stating this , I do not want to say that it is better to risk instead of having a secure return ; I just want to say that to have success you need to be a little risky and try new challenges that you have not already tried .

But maybe it is not the only way to have success .
If you do something well , sometimes it is not useful to try new experiences .
It could be better to try to specialize yourself more on your activity to achieve the success in your field .

So , on my opinion , the best way depends on your personality and on how much you want to risk everything you have done until the moment you decide if it is better or not to try new challenges .
`` You can have any color you want as long as it is black '' .
This famous sentence from Henry Ford is the symbol of the beginning of the mass production of cars .
Before Henry Ford 's use of taylorism , car production was linked with customization and very limited .
Since the 1920s the number of cars produced has increased exponentially .

Back then , there seemed to be a plethora of fossil fuels and nobody could ever imagine that cars could be one day an `` endangered specie '' .
Nowadays , with the knowledge that fossil fuel is a finite resource , researchers are looking for alternative transportation ways or other energies .
Taking all aspects into account , I strongly believe however that in twenty years there will be as many cars in use than there are today .
In this essay I will present the reasons why I believe so .

First I believe that people will not renounce to use their car that easily and that quickly .
Since the 1970s and the first oil crisis , oil price have increased .
This has had only few repercussion on people 's use of cars .
Even in Europe for instance , where consumers felt ( and are still feeling ) this increase in price , you can see many people commuting to work with their car .
Furthermore car is a really practical way to go from one place to another really quickly .
People have gotten used to such an advantage which gives them a lot of freedom .

Second I believe that the solution of the problems does not lie in reducing the amount of cars .
I believe that it rather lies in finding alternative resources .
Researchers are working hard on other energies , such as bio fuels .
In Germany for instance you can buy cars that are adapted to accept bio fuels .
In France , a law has been passed on that subject allowing bio fuels to be sold .
Therefore I think that there will be as many cars , they will however use another energy .

Third I truly think that cars have become as necessary as a home in people 's mind .
Having a beautiful car is a sign of wealth .
It enables people to dream and to show off sometimes .
Some people invest in really expensive cars in order to belong to a certain class , even if it means that they will have to do some sacrifices .
For many people , a car is a dream object .
This positive image of car along with its role in the society ensure that in twenty years there will always be as many cars if not more .

To conclude I think that cars will not disappear within the coming twenty years .
Even if there are problems that could cause the car to disappear , its importance on our society is such , that scientists will always look for solutions and consumer will always want to keep on driving .
Capitalism cannot survive unless it alters the social reality we are experiencing .
This alterance of social reality is most visible in the case of advertisements .
In this essay , I will argue that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , since advertisements are the facades which are needed in an environment of intense competition .
First , I will start with the need of the companies to make advertisements .
Afterwards , I will give several examples to support my argument .

Capitalism in our age has produced a society which some thinkers name as `` consumption society '' .
In this consumption society , even cultural events are mass produced and the proliferation of all kinds of products result in converting reality into an hyperreality , if we may borrow Baudrillard 's and Eco 's usages of the term .
The masses ' experience of hyperreality leaves them in a passified situation exposed to all kinds of advertisements of products .
People may do nothing but think that the advertisements are telling the truths about the products whereas they are not .
Some specific cases will illuminate this point .

As a result of globalism , production has shifted mainly to East and South-East Asia .
Many firms making the production by exploiting the labor force in these parts of the world although the consumption of these products mainly occur in the West .
For example , all the firms producing ` iron ' for ironning , except Moulinex and Roventa , produce it in China .
All !
So the production process of different brand-names are the same .
Therefore , the item that is produced is also the same .
Just the brand name differs .
However , the advertisements manipulate our thoughts in such a way that we think one brand is better than another one , whereas there 's no difference at all .
Another basic example would be one of the advertisements of ` ColaTurka ' .
The brand has adopted all kinds of cultural values in order to make it attractive to the Turkish population .
It has , in fact , succeeded since the sales has increased when ColaTurka was first available in the market .
However , then it has dropped because people comprehended that they were manipulated by the illusion of the advertisements , and , after all , the taste of ColaTurka was not really good .

To sum up what I have put forward thus far , I have to stress several points .
The global economy of the world has favored capitalism in producing a consumption society .
Products and brands have proliferated and since there was serious competition between different brands , advertisements have become the rings to fight .
In this war over the products ( which are basically the same since they are produced in the same place or are exposed to similar production processes ) , the advertisements display the item in such a way that people are manipulated towards buying it .
There are , of course , exceptions .
There are really good products which are advertised in a good way .
However , most advertisements make products seem much better than they are because this is the only way of selling the products .
Although there may be some special cases where youngsters are helping their communities , I agree that they are not spending enough time .
There are three reasons why I arrived at this conclusion .
Firstly , in these days every one is striving for a good career - to get a good job in some reputed company or to start his own business .
In this race for a good career , most of us will not care for what is going on with the outside world .
Instead we will concentrate only on our aim until we get it in our hand .
We will motivate all our thoughts in that direction .
We will spend each and every second in our life for that goal .
So we are not getting time to help our communities .

Another reason is that , now a days a person becomes famous mostly because of his wealth .
He will be given respect based upon his fortune .
In this scenario , it 's no surprise that every one becomes greedy for wealth and fame .
So we does n't waste our time for non-profit activities i.e , activities which will give no profit in form of money like helping our communities .
We will focus all our time on doing some work to earn some thing .

One more reason is that most of us enjoy playing sports .
So if we find any leisure time we will cater it to playing instead of doing any other thing .
What we also feel is that playing is conducive to health and also maintaining a good physique always fetches .
Obviously there will be no free time to us when we are spending it in another way .

Finally , youngsters now a days are giving more preference to their career , accomplishing wealth and also maintaining good health .
They are missing the fundamental rule of helping others , which inturn helps us .
Let 's hope a time definitely comes when our people will realize this truth and thrive for the prosperity of our human community .
I believe that in twenty years , there will be more cars than there are today .
Population is increasing , the age requirement for driver 's lincenses are dropping , people choose personal cars over public transport and the building boom in third world countries have increased the need for transportating matirials .
With all of these reasons , it is more likely that there will be more cars in the future despite minor setbacks .

The population in the world is rising , and with more people there will be more cars for them to travel in .
In many third world countries , like China and India , where economy is booming a family normally has 6-10 children who grow up to fill up the ever growing jobs caused by the growing economy .
And although not all of those children survive , half of them grown up to work that requires cars becuase most of their work places are not walking distance .

Also , many people today seek comfort and so a family might own more than one car so that the father could go to work , and the mother could drive the kids to school , ect .
I have seen many families that have more than two cars actually .
Also with more and more people today choosing to stay single and not marry , this causes there to be more cars because families share their cars and single people own their own .
( or maybe even two )
This doubles the number in cars and will continue to do so as long as people choose to stay single for a longer period of time .
Also many people also get sick of their current model and covets a newer model without selling their old car which doubles the car number in each household .

The age requirement to aquire a driver 's license has been decreasing .
For example in Kansas it is now 15 instead of 18 , in the Philippines it is 17 instead of 18 , and in Korea it is now 18 instead of 21 .
The younger they allow kids to drive cars , the more cars you will need , because there will be people reaching the required age sooner than before .
I also would n't be suprised to have the age requirement lowerd even more within the next 20 yeras .

Another reason that we might have more cars in the future is that we are a growing world , economically and industrially .
There are a lot of factories , resorts , hotels , houses and other buildings being built and they all need cars ( trucks ) to transport matirials to the alotted places .
Cities are expanding and more and more people are wanting to find recluse places that they can reside and rest in which require trucks and cars to haul things down to those places .

You might say that gas prices keep going up which will counter act the increase in cars , but statistics show that if people really want to use cars , ( and they are very convenient ) gas prices will not daunt them from driving and owning cars .
Also hybrid cars are being developed , which can be charged by solar batteries rather than using gas consumption .
So with the increase in population , decrease in age requirement , increase in builidng construction , and the increase of comfort seeking people , I think that there will be a lot more cars in 20 years than in the present .
Is it more important to understand concepts than learn facts ?
This question is mainly about the opposite educative systems in the world .
Anglophone countries such as England or The United States give more importance to facts whereas French educative system highlights the major role of concepts .

The French educative system is well kown for the large set of concepts you have to learn before being able to practice .
Teachers evaluate one 's ability to increase its theorical knowledge rather than the way he performs .
This system allows students to understand all phenomenons and to konw how they work .
For instance , comparing the french set of laws to the english one underlines the major differences between learning concepts or facts .
In the french code of rights , numerous articles are written in order to take into account all citizen behaviors .
On the contrary , the english legal system focus on reals cases that happened in the past .
This lead me to the second part of my study .

To contrast , anglophone countries believe in the pratice .
In universities for example , students work on case study more than on concept .
They consider that student will better react to their environment if they have already experienced all alternatives .

In my opinion , i agree with the angliophone educative system and with the importance to learn facts rather than concepts .
I consider that our future life will be full of positive or negative experiences and that we will need prior experiences to reference to .
As wll as i am concerned about education , i would say that french system should take example of the english system .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Instead , I feel its the other way round .
Its the old peole who have an opportunity to enjoy their lives rather than the young ones .
There are various reasons which justify my position .

First , a young guy would always have a lot to think .
He would be worried about his career .
He knows its a crucial time for him which shall shape his future .
He spends most of his time planning and thinking .
A lot of his effort goes into this .
Since , an old person would be through with this phase of his life , he will not have any tensions related to career as such .
He has achieved what he wanted to and could now enjoy his success .

Secondly , when a person is young he 's knows that he has to take care of his family .
He knows he is the bread earner .
This fact of life does n't allow him to savor his youth .
He spends his time working in offices or runninng businesses to cater to his familiy 's needs .
On the other hand older people donot have to work .
They have retired and free to enjoy their lives .

Third , a young person is still learning to survive in the world .
He does n't have all the wisdom and exerience to deal with the difficult situations which an older person would have .
From childhood to youth , he learns how to adjust , deal with relationships and handle pressures .
For the young , the life is full of hardships and he 's learing to find his way through .

Forth , its a time when a person gets married .
It 's said , a right marriage can make you and a wrong one can destroy .
The person need to develop that level of maturity and understanding to deal with his spouse .
He does compromises , making it a not so easy life for him .
On the other hand , having lived so many years together , older people have developed that understanding .
This leaves them with a good partner to enjoy their lives with .

Undoubtely , according to me , when a person is young he 's building a platform for his older life .
A platform on which when he grows old , he can live and relish life and can enjoy things which he missed when he was young .
The contemporary society requests people to be very focused on their own goals , and achieving better positions is possible only if you are available to find the best solution to your problems every day .
In my opinion , I completely agree with the given statement , according to which if one wants to be successful , he or she should follow new ways to deal with his or her matters , and also being available to take risks .
I can support my judgement with examples from my personal experience , expecially if I consider my studies and my work .

Like my father and my uncle , I graduated in architecture , so I was expected to start working as a building architect , but I did not like that idea at all .
In fact , as I have been fond of gardening since the age of fourteen , I wanted to became a landscape architect , in order to plan parks and gardens rather than civil buildings .
Consequently , I attended two post-graduate courses in landscape architecture and now I have the right qualification to plan them .
Moreover , I have started a PhD in that specific field , because I am very interested in pursuing an academic career at university .
If I had followed my father and uncle 's path , I would have lost my unique chance to do what I really prefer .
But there is also another positive aspect .

Considering that I knew lots of Roman students where I attended my masters , I decided that it was better for my career to open a new associated atelier in Rome to start working as a landscape architect .
It was really risky , because it requested a considerable amount of money and we had not enough work at the beginning , but I was determined .
Now , I can state that we are quite successful , and this fact makes me very happy .
If I had continued to work at my father 's studio , I would never have been able to achieve this success .

All considered , I suppose that it can be easily understood why I think that successful people need to try new activities or ways to achieve their goals , even if they are risky , rather than following their previuos experiences .
My aim to become a landscape architect has been reached only giving new directions to my life .
In conclusion , I have no hesitation in recommending young people to keep this statement in their mind .
I totally agree with this statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time for upliftment of their communities .
The reason behind this is that this young generation do not have enough time to devote it to their communities because of their busy routines and immense pressure of work .

our society has changed dramatically in last couple of decades with growing population and increasing pressure on our existing resources .
This growing population has implied immense pressure on young people for their survival because there are limited number of jobs available which are very less than required , so what happens is that these young people devotes most of their time in studying and competing with each other .
As a result there is no time for them to think about the community they live in .
For ex : a person looking forward for his bright future will be more interested in his education & job opportunities and will not be much concerned about his community .

I personally think that our community has changed to such a point which is not much suitable for young people .
Earlier there was less competition and less pressure as compared to now , so at that time people were more concerned about their community and had the time to devote it to for the upliftment of their society .

Secondly , in today 's context everyone is looking from his perspective only and care a damn about their society .
There is a lack of interest in public participation from young people .
For ex : young people prefer watching a movie whenever they get time instead of helping for a social cause like awareness camp for AIDS , which will benefit their society .

So I think time has changed , conditions have changed , mental perspective of an individual has changed which has resulted in this situation .
I completely agree with the statement .
According to me , Success cannot be acheived by a particular formula or a so called tried and tested method .
To become successful you need to have your own new or derived set of ideas that you think will make you successful .

If you have to acheive great success you have to come up with new ideas otherwise you will lose or at the maximum be moderately successful .
For eg. We all know about the `` easy '' group which is headed by Mr. Stelios .
When he tried to venture in Cruise business there were preset notions and fixed rules like the Ship had to be always be on Sea and all the luxuries of life were to be enjoyed there .
Moreover , the average age of Cruise goer was in 50's .
Stelios completely revamped this strategy and brought his ideas .
His prime area of thinking was that the cruise should attract younger people .
So he developed his own way by bringing in new concept of low cost travel and also halts at prime locations .
The Cruise took stop at places like Monte Carlo during F-1 racing which is a very expensive place to stay .
Thus it can be said that Stelios did venture into risks and tried new things in which he was successful .

If you to survive in the competitive world of today you need to try new things because there are large number of people who are goin to do the same old things that they know .
Venturing into risks is other major aspect of being successful .
You have to take calculated risks if you have to survive the competition .
For eg L N Mittal formerly the Chairman of Mittal Steel took a calculated risk by weighing his options and did a bid to take over another steel major Arcelor .
He did became successful in his venture and now runs the biggest Steel making company Arcelor Mittal .

So if you have to be successful in any field you would have to break the stereotype and find a path for yourself that you feel is going to make you successful
In my opinion the assertion that young people should give more time to helping their communities is right but I also want to point the reasons out why there are fewer teenagers or even young adults making less contribution to their communities nowadays .

The claim that young people should take care for their communities is certainly right but there are so many reasons these days that make it much more difficult .
People have their own problems nowadays .
Especially young people always face the threatining of unemployment .
The labour market today is very difficult so when students finish school they are frightened of getting unemployed what makes it difficult for them to additionally care for the interests of other people .

Furthermore nowadays the connection to your community is not as big as it was fifty years ago .
My grandmother went to the chirch every sunday and she knew nearly everybody in her community .
Everything was more personal .
Today many people do not even know their neighbours so there is a lack of interest in helping other people and many people just care about their own .

Some people may also think that charity does not get appreciated in an appropriate way .
I must totally agree with that opinion because I just helped in the church doing some work in the garden and there was not even anybody who told me thank you for it .

This are all reasons to exemplify why I would disagree with a claim of more help from young people in their communities .
Even though I think that especially elder people and the government should make an effort to help getting young people envolved in their community again .
If children , teenagers and young adults would identify with their community , get a feedback of their contribution and see that they can change things and in this way can make a contribution to the community I think they would certainly think different about charity work or even just helping an older woman crossing the street or carrying her heavy bags .
Earlier people used to study and by-heart their topics in order to gain high grades in exams .
Those who scored high were praised for their hard work and effort.a student gaining the highest was considered to be more knowledgeable and the most brilliant of all .
Those ones who devoted lesstime in studying and more time in thinking wre thought to be less sincere .
Gradually the trends changed .
Hence a drastic change occured and more attention began to be paid to research tasks and the pace of understanding the conceptual factors related to a particular topic .
This opened the minds of many creative people .
This sense of understanding slowly began to establish even among school going children so as to ponder about what topics had they learnt , how and why a respective phenomena occured etc .
It is not always necessary that learning a specific chapter will help an individual to enhance the skills required .
A particular memorised lesson ca n't prve to be the boon to answer the questions during exams unless we posess the thorough concept of the related subject .
Dedicated hard work in creating a conceptual underatanding pays a lot as compared to the mugged-up tasks learnt in aless period of time .

Albert Einstein is a brilliant example in this regard .
He had been punished by his history teacher during his childhood because he had never been interested in studying the past unless knowing the proofs to certify the previous events .
He shared the same feeling with that teacher as he was not interested in learning the gone istead of innovating new and apt ideas .
Hence his strong capability to think made if fa famous scientists of the time .
So inculcating profound thoughts into our minds in place of memorising can help us to attain better knowledge and create a global and broad approach in any sphere of knowledge .
I do not agree with this statement that understanding ideas and concepts is more valuable to students than learning facts .
I do not deny the importance of understanding ideas and concepts , but there are several reasons to students continue to concentrate on learning facts .

First of all , ideas and concepts are theoretical definitions .
Even students can understand study concepts and main ideas , if they cannot apply them to real society , it is useless .
There are so many things possessing gap between concept and fact .
If students concentrate on only understanding ideas and concepts , it is easy for them to study just artificial area .

Can you imagin a class without case study ?
It is impossible .
Even the mathematics textboox has examples of real life .
It is because the importance of the fact .
Students can be motivated from real examples and they can find the reason why they are studying .
Suppose that a student learned government .
He or she do not understand fully what government do and why it is needed in the society .
After he or she accessed numerous articles dealing with goverment , they would percieve importance of government 's role .

It is hard to understanding ideas and concepts without learning facts .
There are so many theories and studies extended for a long time , and people should know how they can apply studies to real life .
Difficult theories and study results usually from the experiment of facts .
People cannot reach the eventual ideas or concepts without learning facts .
Ideas and concepts existing for facts .

Learning facts will provide people motivation of ideas and concepts .
Consequently , it also makes people continue to think about new ideas and concepts .
Through learning facts , people would have question about them and try to solve them , and finally , could achieve genuine results of study .
Therefore , understanding ideas and concepts without learning facts is not efficient to students .
It would really depend on how much time I have to make the trip .
If I had more than two weeks to travel trough a city or two I would rather prefer to travel on my own and follow my own pace too , and more likely if it was a Historic city of the European Union .

If I had to do a fast tour through several cities in a short time , I would prefer to have a guide , so he or she could show me the most significative places to be seen in each city and I would not feel I missed the most important things .
Other good thing about guides is that they usually are very familiar to the place and its history , they know the little details , shops , stories , costumes and typical food every visitor has to try at least once to get to say they actually been there .
Maybe there wo n't be much time left to wander around looking at the arquitecture or the landscape furthermore than what the guide has already scheduled , besides there is always a great number of persons within the same group of tourists , taking pictures and asking questions all the time , so the tour can turn into a stressing race against time .

I would really prefer to travel on my own with plenty on time , but who would n't ?
Unfortunately that is not always possible .
It is always nicer to walk looking around at the same time , steping by little shops and cafes , talking to people , asking for directions , going to the places you choose to go to and discovering everything on your own .
I think that is the travel ideal for many of us , but we usually have a hard time on finding the time to do it that way , and instead make plans with too many destinations all at once in a small schedule .
I completely disagree with the fact that automobiles , especially cars , are going to degrade in number in the next couple of decades .
With the increase in present day technology and the rapid life these days , cars have become of the most essential part of one 's life .

To start with , as the years are passing by , the standards of living of the people has changed dramatically , to be more precise , there has been an increasing hike in people 's way of life .
Modern generation people are beginning to prefer cars to any other automobile , like for instance , bikes , motorcycles , etc .
The reason for this may be due to the overwhelming social economic uplifts , or due to the increasing temperatures day after day .
Travelling on motorcycles and bikes can be tough after 20 years from now with the mercury rising year after year .
Some people , for example industrialists , consider possession of a prized car as a form of pride and honour of their status .

Not to mention the technology that has been increasing rapidly , which inturn proves to be more useful to the automobile industry by encouraging the makers of these cars to evaluate their cars more and more , and their never ending attempts to satisfy their customers can also be named as one of the reasons .
In a recent survey conducted by the Reader 's Digest magazine , it has been stated that the sales of various car companies , for example Hyundai , Toyota , Ford , etc. , have been soaring sky high from the past two decades or so .
There have also been cases of almost 200 % increase in the sales of automobiles in a considerably short span of time .

In the earlier days , possessing a car was actually a dream for the people .
But now , it has almost become accessible to everyone which ultimately decreases its chances of subsiding in numbers .
Taking the next couple of decades into consideration , automobiles , especially cars , can be expected to have an important role in the social as well as economical life of a person , in whatever form possible .

Neverthless , as far as i 'm concerned , i can rate minimum scope for the decline expectation of cars from the world , as per the reasons stated above .
In short , `` Life without Cars ca n't be imagined in the present day ! ''
Today , the advertising sector is the biggest supporter of capitalism .
Its main purpose is to make the consumers attract the product and buy it .
Throughout decades , adverstisers are serving their creatibility in the best way to attract consumers .
However , they sometimes deviate from this purpose and attract the consumers in an unethical way , which makes the consumer go and buy the product , but then see that he \ she is fooled in a mean way .
The great competition for production and getting more money is urging the advertisers to be even more deceiving in their advertisements .
The producers want to obtain products in the cheapest way , so that they can earn more money and today the quality is not important anymore , the more significant one is the quantity .

Most advertisements use psychological manipulation as a way of fooling consumers .
When the consumers just hear the things they want to hear , the advertisement simply starts to sympathise itself with the consumer and the consumer just wants to go and buy the product .
When the consumer faces the sithuation , it is too late , because consumer rights have not been fully developed yet in many countries , and the person may not even contact the company .

There is another way inwhich the consumer gets fooled .
It is the force of appealing to the authority .
As a matter of fact , when a person shows on the advertisement of the most ridiculous product , the sales explode , which is just only a matter of time .
For example there has been going on a trend in Hollywood , the stars drink water from a brand which serves the normal water that everyone drinks , in a bottle surrounded by diamonds .
So a person would feel the most stupid after paying lots of money on that water and when it is finished .

To result , advertising happened to be the biggest market of lies , since the need to highlight some products had risen at the corporate world .
An honest person has no place in the advertising market , except for being as janitor or the security guard .
So vexatious , but that 's just what seems to be going in this world .
The constant urge for earning money and the greed of humanity has left no trust of consumers to the product , which is very ironic because advertisements can still manipulate and persuade one in the must deepest and the subconscious way just to go out on the market and buy the product .
I do not agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I base my belief on a number of reasons .
First of all young persons ' most important duty is to concentrate on school .
They should be able to focus completely on their studies rather then be concerned with what they can do for his community .
If they failed in school they would later become a problem for their community because tehry would have to rely on public benefits in order to survive .

Likewise I believe young persons should be able to spend some of histtheirs free time with ativities that are distractive from school and help to relax instead of investing that time into helping the community .
To be successful they need opportunties to relax from their school work .
So for example young people should be given time to do sports or other distractive activities instead of forcing them to invest their precious free time into community work .

Beyond that I think young people nowadays have certain duties at home , too .
Runing a family is not just the parents ' task but also requires the childrens ' help .
Thus they have another important duty to fulfil .
Also , happy families that do not rely on community support for example because its members are able to run their everyday life do not rely on the communty 's help .
So young people give important time to their communities as they help running their families .

In the end I cannot support the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities because they have other duties like school that need to be fulfilled in the first place .
However , by helping at home and doing sports they contribute to a healthy community .
This way they give precious time to helping their communities .
Due to better possibilities of communicating and optimized wazs of transport , in the last century a process took place that incorporated the world : the globalization .
One result of the globilazation is the increasing advertisements for products all over the world .
On the one hand advertisement helps us to inform about products .
But on the other hand you have to ask yourself if this process of advertising is really neutral ?
And in my opinion the answer is no .

When you watch TV , you can see beautiful cars driving through the landscape and beautiful womans sitting in it and enjoying it .
But the question is if you also will enjoy to ride this car ?

When you go to cinema you see several advertisements for films that are promised to be exciting .
But again there | s the question : is it really that exciting when you see the whole film by yourself ?

There are cases that confirm that the promises become true .
But in my opinion , in the most cases you will be disappointed of the product you decided to pay for .

The globalization certainly has positive effects on the world if you just think of the possibility to convey products or information .
But in my opinion it causes that quality isn | t anymore guaranteed in every case .
Let | s take the example of the advertisement for the car .
In TV you saw the car with all the beautiful impressions and it | s great equipment .
But you | re not able to judge the quality of the car by only seeing it .
So you may be dissappointed when you actually buy the car .
This is a typical example of the thesis that advertisements make products seem much better than they are .

In earlier times , you offered someone a service or a product and what you got back was also a service or prducts .
This was the process of exchanging things directly .
And you there you were able to judge quality .

But the globalization caused competetion .
And competition causes lies , so that the products seem better than they actually are .
Because of the increasing competition between big companies , the promises become better and better , the quality of products instead becomes worse because of mass production .

So you can definitely say , that , not in all cases , but most of the time advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
And in this case the question I asked at the beginning of this text is answered : globalization does not have only positive effects .
Although I 'm a young person myself , I have to agree with the statement with a heavy heart .

The lack of participation in community service among young people results mainly from lack of time .
I am currently a student in a competitive high school , and the demand of schoolwork allows me very little free time .
School begins at 7:40 in the morning and ends at 5:10 in the afternoon .
Since I live very far from the school I attend , I have to commute by train for three hours each day .
When I reach home , it 's almost 7:00 pm .
The sun has set , the sky has darkened , the community is almost asleep , and I have tons of homework to do .
There is neither time nor opportunity for me to help out in my community , regardless of how much I want to serve and contribute .

Most high school students in the United States have finished hundreds of hours of community service before they graduate from high school .
Colleges in the U.S. often consider the hours spent on community service when evaluating an applicant , emphasizing the importance of a student 's willingness to serve his or her community .
Colleges in Taiwan , however , put very little emphasis on community service when viewing applications .
Instead , test scores and academic accomplishments are given major consideration .
Students devote their time and energy to activities that colleges find more important and neglect those that are thought trivial , resulting in a lack of dedication to community service .

Some high schools in Taiwan require their students to finish a certain amount of community service hours each year .
The minimum my high school sets for us is 8 hours each semester .
Students use the little free time they have during summer and winter vacations to finish the required hours of community service , doing simple jobs such as sweeping up fallen leaves , volunteering at the local library or tidying up the lobby .
Students have no time to participate in more meaningful and long-term communty services , such as helping out each day at the local day care center , orginizing a group to reinforce the recycling habits of residents , or tutoring for free at a public middle school .

From my observations and personal experiences , I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It is a regrettable situation , but it is a situation that canbe improved if students are given more free time and a stronger sense of community .
That way , students will be able to participate more in community service and receive a wonderful experience by spending time helping others and building a better community .
Cars will be around even in twenty years .
Well , the look of cars might change and the size also .
They might be even more environemental friendly compared to today 's models .
But at the end , there will be even more cars around than today .

But why ?
Well , there will be still people around who buy them because they are very convenient .
They allow you to move from one part of the town or state to another part .
You could stop by at a friend 's place whenever you want .
Besides conveniences they offer independence and in consequence freedom to each and everybody .
And freedom is a very high value for each and everybody of us .

Cars are also a product a lot of people strive for .
Are n't a lot of kids playing with toys that are cars ?
A lot of kids dream about cars and are all exited about them .

But these arguments that play out in favor of the individual are just one side of the coin .
The other side offers economic reasons .
And that is why , on a world wide scale , there will be even more cars than today .
With big developing economies like China and India there are more than two billion people that strive for a better , a more independent and more westernized lifestyle .
Those demands have to be met either by building cars in the country or importing them from the outside .

Besides , the car industry has always been an important industry in any industrial evolution in the past hundred years or so .
Think of Ford in the US , Daimler Benz , now Daimler Chrysler , in Germany or Toyota in Japan .
These companies invented back then new technologies , like the moving belt in Ford 's case , and even today .
Think of the hybrid technology Toyota is using in some cars .
In these last years big discussions have been raised about the most effective methods of teaching .
Two main factions have resulted : one magnifying the advantages of learning concepts and ideas , and another stressing the importance of a solid knowledge .
I think that neither of the parts is definitely right , since I believe that `` the true lie in the middle '' .

The first faction highlights the importance of knowing facts in order to continue to advance in learning .
Moreover , they criticizes the counterpart asserting that without strong knowledge the most complex problems cannot be solved even with the strongest deduction .
For example , if a student needs to face any kind of study , he needs to know all the facts on which each argument is developed .

On the other side , their countepart contrasts such opinion affirming that teaching concepts and ideas permits students to reach automatically every kind of facts .
Moreover , it allows students to reinterpreting all the facts they learn from new points of view .
For instance , learning the basic concepts of the style of an author in literature allows students to understand well all his books without any strain .
Moreover , they can compare their own opinion with that of the author and can reinterpretate in a different manner the same arguments .
In fact , it is quite common in classe incentivijng students to discuss about social conditions in which Dante wrote its Commedia to obtain a different point of view .

In summary , many debates have been raised about the optimal method of teaching .
Many teacher asserts that facts are needed to learned in order to obtain a complete and strong knowlegde from school , while many other thinks that basic concept and indeas are enough for students to undestand and learn fast .
I personally believe that a strong knowledge should be integrated with a good possession of the underlying concepts , because in this way student can reach a real critical knowledge .
The majority of people thinks that success can be achieved by a combination of different things , such as good fortune , knowledge of influential people who can help you , intelligence and self confidence .
In particular , this latter thing , self confidence , is very importatnt in order to realizes one person 's goals .
In my opinion it is correct to say that successful people has become successful thanks to determination and self confidence , which are , in my opinion two essential qualities to obtain what you rally want to .
Thus , for example , if one wants to succeed in the business world , he or she has to be courage enough to take his or her risks to take .
For example , supposing a person works as a plummer in a company .
This person is very good at his job and would like to take the important decision to work on his own without working as an underling for the boss of that large company .
If that plummer really believes in himself and in his ability he will take the risk to start working on his own .
In this case , a possible good result could be considered the consequence of the fact that that man has be self confident enough to risk .
In the opposite case , if that man is not brave enough to risk , he would not give to himself the opportunity to succeed .
Thus , i personally believe that successful people are not like this because they are smarter and luckier than other ones , the reason the have success is because thet are more disposed on take risks .
They probably know that it would be better to take as many opportunity in life as possible without unusefully worrying about the consequences of their choices .
If we do not take risks we cannot even have the opportunity to realize our aims .
Things in fact cannot happen as a consequence of a magical intervention , but because we want them to happen .
In this way , twe should follow the exemple of succcessful people who believe in themselves , in their potential , and sometimes they maybe confide in a bit of a
It is often said that older people enjoy life more because they have more money and time to buy something or travel .
However , I do not agree with that older people enjoy their lives more than younger people .
There are several reasons and examples that young people enjoy life more .

To begin with , young people have much better physical condition .
They can go wherever they want and do whatever they want .
For example , my uncle , who was over 60 , really wanted to try bunge-jump at least one time .
But he was too old to do that kind of risky outdoor sports .
He regreted that he could enjoy his life more than now if he were young .

Secondly , young people have more desire about their lives than older people .
I believe that dream is a essential factor to feel happiness in their lives .
As people age , they tend to lose their dreams because the possibility decreases to fulfill their dreams or goals of life .
It often leads to frustration and abandonce about their lives .
For instance , a lot of parents in Korea sacrifice themselves much for their kids .
They have little hope besides their kids .
It is almost impossible for them to work more , make more money , or make new friends .

In addition , young people can feel happy in thier lives from even small satisfaction .
There was one TV program how each generation react to some given events .
They were more likely to smile and laugh than older people .
They felt happy very easily just because they were more happier people .
Very small comedy or even trivial action was able to satisfy young people and make them laugh .
It shows that young poeple can enjoy almost everything in all situations , in contrast , older people are picky .

In short , I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people have better reasons and conditions to enjoy life more .
They have enough both physical and mental energy to try what they want to .
And their desire will encourage them to explore and enjoy their lives vigorously .
Also they have more tendency of satisfation .
The amount of cars will certainly decrease within the next twenty years due to both economical and ecological facts .
Oil has become more and more expensive due to many reasons .
The wars , which are held because of the oil certain countries have will steadily influence the prices in the future .
The weapons need to be financed , which force but and also enable certain countries to receive as much money as possible and save wherever they can .
This will lead to the raising of taxes and , predominently , of oil prices .
The citizens will try to change their means of transportation by using trains , buses or even bicycles .

In major cities , traffic jams cause people to lose a large amount of their time , when trying to get to work in the morning , or even travelling around their country during school holidays .
Soon many people will realize the other type of convenience : when arriving at a certain place without the negative aspect of having dealt with a great amount of stress moments before .

Another problem , which the people will be faced with , is the pollution the cars produce when being run with normal fuel .
It is certain , that the Ozone Layer is being damaged daily and soon the people will become confronted with the effects this will have on their direct environment .
In this case , the sollution could be using fuel from plants .
But the gas stations , which offer this specialty cannot be found easily , especially when one is dealing with an emergency of a broken down car due to lack of fuel .

The conclusion is that many people will slowly realize how switching from cars to other transportation will positively effect their lives and their environment .
They will not only be able to be more flexible due to more time spent with not having to wait on highways but also realize , how much money can be saved by not having to be dependent upon raising oil prices .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already kown how to do well .
This statement is absolutly perfect and i completely agree with it .
Most of the successful people try new things and take risk rather than sticking to the traditional and knows ways of doing things .
All the new things invented in this world were as outcomes of the experimentation of new things , some people try new things to satisfy their natural instinct of experimentation and after experimenting with the new things if the result is productive the person who tried it automatially gets the credit .
Here we have take an account of risk involved trying new things .

Firstly , success comes with effort and not every effort is fruitful .
The success and experimentation is also in same relation .
But people who have already tasted success are more willing to experinment and take risk because they alredy know what happens if they follows the same treditional method .
If they could suceed the expeiment they can get additional accollades .

Secondly , some people with out having sucess in the past are tend to experiment new things to satisfy their natural instincts .
They may suceed if every thing goes as planned .
All the people who are successful are not born successful , but their harwork and tried things came in there way and got success .

Thirdly , if any body tries new things he may loose all his credis this is call risk factor involved in experimenting with new things .
But if the experiment is fruitful he will get patents for his results and lots of money in return .
He can also get the satisfaction of contribution to the modern world .

Finally , success and try new things are directly related but it is not always currect , because all experiments are not fruitful .
We can say thet all the succesful people tend to try new things and get success .
If the experiment fails they may learn from the failure .
I do n't agree with that statement .

In my opinion , enjoying life does n't relate to the age directly .
Of course , usually a young person can make an advantage of his youthful and healthy body .
He can do more extreme sport activities , like snowboarding , surfing or bumgee-jumping .
But more often young people are not that independent as they wish to be .
Most young people need financial support from their parents , especially during the studying time at unversity .
That means one has to explain the expediture exactly to the parents every time one needs money .
That can be very exhausting and demotivating .

After university , financial worries decrease on the one hand , but on the other hand concerns on the job arise .
As a rule , the first years on the job are the most stressful ones which are accompanied by immense pressure to establish oneself in the new company .

Thus , I think that the thirty-somehows can enjoy life better than the younger people .
Those people usually have already gained acknowledgement in the job world and in society .
Moreover , they are financially independent and do n't have to fight for the career that intensly .
As a result , that group of people can spend more time for their hobbys and their family .

Older people are also enjoying life , because they have more experience .
I think they know how to appreciate the real things and values in life and are more confindent .
Because of two reasons , I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
The reasons are as follows , 1 ) ideas and concepts are the fundamental of study and 2 ) learning facts does not always explain us everything .

First of all , I believe it is necessary for us to study and understand ideas and concepts in order to understand the specific materials and advanced ones as well .
For example , when students want to answer math questions , the first thing that they have to do is to konw the ideas and specific fomulas .
If they do not know what is `` to add , '' they cannot even answer the questions by themselves , even though the students know what the answer is going to be .
In addition , if they do not know the ideas and concpets , they cannot progress to the advanced studies because the advanced study is particulary based on the main and basic ideas and conceps .

Second , I think that learning facts does not always tell us everything .
For example , when the students study the typical example of the law , such as who won the specifc cases in the court , and so on , the students cannot explain why they won in the specific cases if they do not understand ideas and concepts .
In addition , only to learn facts does not tell us the process why facts were born .
To learn the facts is also importnat when the students learn at school , however , the facts cannot explain everything , only ideas and concepts can .

As mentioned before , it is also important to learn facts because facts sometimes give us more clear explanation .
In general , the ideas and concepts are more obscure that facts and it is more difficult to understand them perfectly .
However , only ideas and concepts can be the base of the study and facts cannot be .
Therefore , even though it is also important to learn facts , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concpets for thier advanced study .
Most people travel to different destinations and visit historically significant monuments to know more about them .
It expands the span of their knowledge about the culture and special features of the kind of people inhabiting that area .
So I would prefer travelling in a group which is headed by an able-headed and knowledgeable tour guide .
For me it would be more explorative , interesting and a good worth for the money I spend .

Traveling in a group with a guide makes one explore an area extensively .
Like a couple of days back I went for a day trip to the grand canyons in arizona .
We had a a guide who made our trip an outing to remember .
Since he was a native of the region for the past thirty years he told us about all the interesting houses of golf players and movie stars on our way .
He gave a little background information about what we were likely to see on our way in his own happy - go - merry way with a small anecdote which made it all the more interesting .
I was initially skeptic of embarking the trip due to the number of hours spent in the bus but the five hour journey just flew away and seemed like an hour or so .

We all want that the travel guide we choose should be able to provide enough information so that we get our money 's worth .
I also think that with a guide I might not feel insecure and worried about losing my way or wasting my time looking at inappropriate sites or even .
It will make me feel more relaxed and will fulfil my purpose of embarking the trip even more which always is to invigorate my mind and elevate my spirit .

As far as it is good to have a travel guide , at times it becomes messy and irritating having somebody following you around especially if you head out on a day when your stars are bad .
Guides can even be quite interfering , poking their noses unecessarily in other people 's affairs , or one might feel restricted to his whims and fancies .
At times they may even get on your nerves .

But in my opinion your trip proves to be more fruitful when you travel with a guide to lead your way .
It will aid in gaining a lot more information about a place and one would feel that they have spent their time and money in a purposeful manner .
The statement agreeing with having a broad knowledge and not a subject-specified knowledge is to one extent wrong .
Having a broad knowledge on many academic subjects might be a positive thing but in the end there is the need of some kind of specialization in order to achieve and get some results .

During the years of formation ( middle and high school ) a range of subjects is needed in order to give the student a chance to get a better idea on where they want to specify later on in their lives .
But once school is over some kind of specialization needs to be required .
Children and teenagers are required to learn no many subjects not because it is better to have a broader knowledge but because they are not old enough to choose which specialized subject they want to pursue .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subject is the same as having shallow knowledge on something .
With this shallow knowledge no results can be achieved and the result , in the end , is someone that knows a little about everything and nothing about something specific .

Engineers , doctors , lawyers are all specialized in their on subject .
This professions that are the most respected ones are based on specific knowledge and not on broad knowledge .
There is no time or real need for a doctor to know about law and how the judicial system works as long as he knows about his own profession and how to apply medicine .

There is something called General Culture that everyone should learn and use in every day basis but it should not be the only knowledge a person has .
The general culture should be accompanied by some kind of specified knowledge on something that would lead to something .
People that only have general culture do not have enough knowledge to pursue a carreer that would lead somewhere in the future .

The Nobel prizes , for example , are subject-specified and there is no General Culture Nobel Prize .
The physicist that earns the Physics Nobel Prize has specified knowledge that accompanied with research and work in this subject led him to a discovery .

In the end , what is needed in the world of today is a general sense of what is going in the world ( i.e. General Culture ) with some specified knowledge in a subject that might lead to an achievement that would help the world in general .
Having only specified knowledge is also a negative thing because there is a dettachment of the real world that could harm a person and disconect him from the world .
Many people think that the best period in life for trying new things and taking more risks in the job is the period in which this job is successful .
In my opinion this is absolutely right , even though there are other events and situations that could get a person to take a risk .
Of course , risks should be taken in the time when a person is stable enough , both in private and economical aspects , to succeed in facing the possible consequences that the actions could cause .
With reference to this , people tend not to take risks while they already have a difficult situation , like for example the foundation of a new work activity or a problem in the family .

However , this is not a rigid and strict rule : sometimes people could have to take risks beause the situation itself forces them to do it ; similarly , someone could decide to take a risk because in his opinion the result of this action is highly predictable .

Trying new things is in some ways like betting : maybe you do n't know wether you 'll win or not , but anyway your duty is to be in the best condition to risk , and then to prepare to acknowledge the result .

Another thing that affects this choice is the success itself : people try to prove their value , doing new things that they previously did n't know ; in this way , the diversification of a business activity can demonstrate what eventually a person can achieve and do well : if you succeed again , you 're a winner ; otherwise , you 're just a loser .
It 's like a challenge that people accept to take .

Of course the statement does n't only refer to the business situations : people act and follow their desire to challange theirselves also in the everyday and private life .
This reasoning is part of the life of all human beings , and normally helps them to develop and improve , or at least to learn something from a bad experience .
I agree with the statement that most adevertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
As a matter of fact , I believe that this is precisely the whole purpose of advertising : convincing potential consumers of the good qualities or advantages of a specific product or item .
It is the ultimate goal that the consumer , buyer , or customer does what is being recommended in the ad .

Unfortunately , people in advertisement business may use all sort of techniques to sound convincing and be effective , which goes from mentioning only good qualities - and exclude those which are not so good - to emphasizing the bad qualities of alternative products or services .
For example , any shampoo advertisement will claim that it will make hair get shinier , glossier , and easy to handle in , probably `` no time '' .
Is it true ?
If we carried out a research to classify hair products ( just to choose any product ) into those which are effective and those which are not , we would probably end up with a ration of 1 to 9 .
For one effective shampoo , there are 9 which `` claim '' to be but they are not .

As consumers , advertisements have made us less gullible and more alert , as well as more careful when we make decisions on the basis of impressions created by advertisements .
By making a comparison , advertisements are similar to the reflection on a rear-view mirror , reason why a sticker reads `` objects in rear view mirror are closer than they appear '' .
We need to widen the use of this statement to many other contexts .

I personally think that , although there are regulations to control the advertising business in terms of using true/untrue statements and claiming results that they do n't actually deliver and sometimes even cause others , there is a strong need for further more-detailed regulations regarding the use of misleading techniques which make consumers make wrong decisions .
Consumers should be better protected because most advertisements use questionable technoques which manipulate the truth and that is dishonesty .

.
I agree with this sentence , especially after the increasing of different ways to sell a product .
In fact , at the beginning there were shops and his owners , so the main work was to convince a client to choose my shop and not another .
The focus was on the relationship between the singular shop and each singular client .
The rule of owners as vendors was critical for shops ' sellings and also for products ' line success .
Then arrives supermarkets and stores with publicity , which develop a mass production in order to sell high quantity of products .
Publicity made with flyers and big images in the main streets of big towns ' made the success of a kind of product in contrast with the falling of another .
Nowadays the increasing of technologies , such as TV and Internet , and better conditions in people 's life make the focus on advertisements .
It 's not important what you said or who 's your message for , the important is how practical , how significant , how brilliant your message to clients is .
A spot on TV , created as a `` short story '' or a sort of `` soap opera '' , can convince million of person to buy your product .
Also using a famous testimonial for your spot , like an actor or a sports ' man , is very creative and successfull .
The globalization made by Internet allowed a product from Japan to be bought in Italy in large quantity and news about innovative products created in different countries are communicate in real time all over the world .

In conclusion , well-done advertisements not only make products seem much better than they really are , but also make these successfull and be able to begin a trend , too .
Understanding the ideas and concepts is exceptionally crucial when it comes to learning for it creates the foundations of learning .
Unlike facts , fully understood ideas and concepts are appliable and can possibly extend the knowledge .
This is especially true when it comes to numerical fields of studies .
Without understanding the basic concepts of countless laws of nature , it is impossible to modify or apply the concept and develop them into new ideas .
For elementary example , kids generally learn multiplication by applying and expending their knowledge and concepts of addition .
By adding same groups of numbers several times , the multiplication is understood and learned .
Without understanding the basic concept and ideas of addition , the child may not follow the mere fact that three times two is equal to six .

Compared to understanding ideas and concepts , learning facts is a mere memorization .
Facts has their beginning to the end .
Facts can be specified to certain events that can be fully described .
Facts are obtained to us by memorizing them .
Ideas and concepts , however , cannot be fully described in words .
They are understood through more sofisticated advanced features of our brain .
If education was based largely based on learning facts , the students may not be able to develop and use their brains fully ; rather , they would be trained to memorize than to understand and apply .

Also , it is through understanding other various ideas and concepts that students learn to perceive different aspects and form their opinions .
Through learning the different ideas of great thinkers such as Socrates or Confucious , which differ significantly , the students may see the broader view of the world of ideas .
Learning facts however , cannot teach us or make us perceive various aspects of life or world as effectively as the variety of concepts does .

It is not an exaggeration to say that understanding ideas and concepts form the most basic step to the education and knowledge .
It is through fully understanding ideas and concepts that one may learn the different view of world and be able to modify their understandings to more advanced and developed concepts and ideas .
Learning facts may be important in obtaining knowledges , however , it is understanding ideas that teaches you how to expand the knowledge .
To answer this question I will first give you some ideas from the business area , as I think that this is the ideal environment to prove that successful people try new things and take a lot of risks .

As you can see on daily news , a lot of people invented successful new products for example like the google founders .
But these people also had a high risk in not succeeding .

So , I think that you can only have a lot success if you try new things and take all the risks this might include .

One reason why I believe this is , because consumers are all looking for new not already existing things .
They want to be more and more unique and seen as individuals so you should not copy an already existing product but create a real new one .
If you take the Tamagotchi as an example , the developer had some producing costs , but he took this risk and was successful , because he developed a completely new product which people looked for .
Therefore , by trying out somenthing new he was really successful and generated a high return on investment in his new idea .

Furthermore , I think that by trying out something new you will learn a lot about how things work .
Of course you will make mistakes , but you will not do them again if they occur the next time .
For example , if you take a baby that has touched a hot oven , you can be sure it will never touch it again , because it has experienced the negative effect of burning his or her hand .

Finally , your life will be more interesting if you always try something new instead of doing all things in the same boring way .
You might gain a lot more life experience and you will develop into a real interesting person .
For example , on parties you can always talk about the things you just did and you will be respected by the other people for the courage that you demonstrated and therefore , you will be considered as a successful person .

In conclusion , these are the main reasons why I think that successful people try new things and take risks is the better option .
The answer to this question greatly depends on the way one rates succes .
If succes is mesured in financial terms by the accumulation of money for instance , then it does seem that innovative and risk taking people have the high hand to being succesful .
Howerver , if been succesful means living a happy and joyful life , then doing what one does best may be the answer .

Entrepreneurs who have proven themselves by building florishing businesses , are in most cases daring people that had the courage to try new things and take risks .
Bill Gates , the founder of Microsoft , develpped at a young age a passion for computers .
With a group of friends , he latter decided to develop an inovative computer software .
His company has been the most succeful of the last two decades because its founder had the guts to take a risk , and the will to try something new , a business that did not exist yet .

On the other hand , success can come from doing what one knows to do best .
People who concentrate on doing their best on what they already know how to do well are often very successful ones .
Passion for a precise subject can be highly stimulating .
By concentrating on what they know to do , people can evolve in an environment much faster than others .
Moreover , they might reach a more satisfactory way of life by a better balance between their personal and professional lives .
Therefore , if success is mesured in less material ways , a person with more harmony in his life is more successful .

Competitiveness and risk taking are probably more rewarding .
People who never take risks or decide to discover new things have certainly lesser chances in life .
They also risk becoming quite boring people , lost in their routinious lives .
Personnality is a decisive factor .
Some people are less adventurous than others , and we are probably for that reason not all equal in front of success .
In my opinion , a choice between understanding ideas and concepts , instead of learning facts , cannot be made .
Both clearly appear to me to be important , for different reasons .
Understanding of ideas and concepts is the final purpose of the study , and it is what students will retain for all their lives , even if they would have forgotten facts .

Knowledge about main political ideas , or major historical processes , will always help them to understand the world they are living in , even if they could have forgotten what happened in Paris on July 4 in 1989 .
Knowing all details and dates of French Revolution is not helpful in itself .

But on the other hand , without facts , ideas and concepts are only empty boxes .
One could not understand where they come from .
E. g. in the case of French Revolution , it would be difficult to recognize contemporary French patriotism 's roots in the country 's Modern History .

Moreover , connecting concepts to reality is very helpful in memorizing .
Students can be best helped in learning if a complete frame is provided them .
The best way to teach could be to present students with facts , and then stimulate them to draw their own conclusions .
Anyway , it must also be noticed that the weight of these two skills - understanding ideas and concepts and learning facts - is different according to the matter or subject of study .

For example , in a Physics course , the most important thing is learn physic 's laws .
In this case , understanding concepts would be more useful for students than knowing how scientists formulated a certain theory .

On the contrary , without a strong knowledge of facts , many theories of Anthropology could not be fully understood .
Finally , what is the priority , must be evaluated differently case by case .
The issue whether the advitisements makes the product seem better than other products or not is debatable .
I agree that advertisements helps to make product seem better .

Firstly , As we all know , many companies believe in successfull advertising and marketting to improve their product marketshare .
Whether an advertisement is successfull or not depends on its influence on the consumer .
To influence a consumer , advertisements can represent its product far more superior through any unrelated or false evidence .
Since , first impression can be the last one , many consumers read or watch about the product and instanly make up their mind about the quality of the product .
Unfortunately , still in many countries there are no harsh legal penalties for duping consumers through these false claims and hence , companies are not discouraged from such practices .

Moreover , our modern economy fuelled with competition encourages and somewhat based on `` winning with hook or crook '' theme .
For an example , in USA , many car manufacturers are competiing to gain market and profits .
But the advertisement about their car might not depict the truth about the car .
Advertisements are done such that , the bad qualities about the product are not highlited while the positive points are shown highly in the advertisements .
So in car advertisements , if the car lacks some additional feature like , music system , then it will not be told in the advertisements , on the other hand comparative mileage will be shown as a big plus point against competitors .

Also , the concept of `` real '' advertisement about the products may just boil down to Ethical behaviour .
The companies should be held responsible for double meaning advertisement about the their products which may lead to serious injury or dissatisfaction among the consumers .
Companies advertising the product should not leave the advertisements interpretation to the public .
Lack of information is same as false information in coming up with the conclusion about the product .

I would like to conclude that , yes , advertisements does make the product seems better , and the main root cause behind it is the higly comptitive economy and struggle for existence among companies and products .
But with strignet laws this phenomenon can be curbed and consumers can make correct decission about the product .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to uderstand ideas and concepts than it is for them to lern facts .
In this essay , I would like to explain why I have this idea , with using examples of how I used to study in Japan and how I am studying in The Netherkands .

in Japan , I 've never had experiment in science class .
What students do in the class is remembering the formulas that are given by teachers and prepare for tests .
With this way of learning , students can remember a lot of formulas in short time .
However , once they finish the test , they will forget what they remembered also within a short time .
It is because , they do n't need the formula any more .

Whereas in The Netherlands , we have severaal times of experiments in a week .
Students learn the process how the formula works so that they can understand ideas and concept of it .
With this way of lerning , it takes quite long time to remember the formula , because students need time to do the experient to reach the formula .
But , students do n't forget the formula so easily .
This is because , students can remomber the formula as an ` experience ' .
I think I can remember formulas that I lern in Dutch school after forty years , because it is my experience in the school .

Also , it is so stressful to learn only by remembering formulas , and taking tests .
Students will get bored with listening to a teacher and solving questions in a textbook .
They ca n't concentrate during the class and the efficiency of stadying is low .

On the other hand , it is fun to have experiments in the class .
Students can learn while they have fun .
Humans are tend to remember happy experience and forget unhappy experience .
The efficiency of studying is hihg .

To coclude , it is much more important to understand ideas and concept than learning fact due to its efficiency .
Students , who understand ideas and concept , will remember the studying forever .
The statement claims that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I disagree with the claim that young people do not spend enough time to help their communities .
Some of the reasons for my opinion is stated below .

First , these days we see that are lot of charity organisations which are being taken up and run by young people .
Let us take an example of an organization called Banyan , which is very popular organization in South India .
The organization mainly aims at helping people with mental disabilties .
This organization gives them love and support and also educates people about certain disablities like Alzheimer 's disease , etc .
This organiztion was formed by three young girls in their mid-twenties who realized that these people need the support and love of a family .
There are many such examples of organizantions coming up all across the world all run by young people .
These days youngsters because of greater access to information and also as the overall standard of living of young people in the world is increasing , they want to give something back to the society that helped them grow up .
There are young doctors who are ready to go to the remotest parts of the world and treat people , there are youngsters starting rallying and processions to fight for the various problems faced by the communities of the world .
Young people these days are aware of the situation in many parts of the world where poeple do n't get the basic neccesities of life .
They want to work towards a society which is truly free and does not discriminate a person based on his color or the language he speaks or the place he comes from .

Let us take the 30's and the 40's , most of the youngsters then were at war front fighting for their countries .
Fighting for country does not exactly translate to working for the betterment of your community .
You fight for your country to ensure her freedom .
These decades , were the time when almost the entire younger generation of the world was engaged in the World War , and could not spend time explicitly helping the community .
Following the war came the Cold war and the arms race , during this period the youth of the world were wary that a war might start and were busy protesting against it or preparing for it .

Following the end of the cold war , started atime when young people start making many great achievements in different fields and they all wanted give something back to the community .
Let us take the example of Chris Martin , the lead singer of a band called Coldplay .
The albums he and his band have made have sold in millions acroos the world , however he spends major part of his income in the fight against AIDS and he also to charity shows to raise money to eradicate poverty in the Third World countries .

Thus in terms of money , time or effort young people these days are actively taking part or they are starting their own efforts to help the communities across the globe .
I think that it is more important for students to understand ideas than it is for them to learn fact , and I will take a controversary example , which is History .

First , when you learn History , it is important to be able to give their relative importance to the different facts .
For example , it is impossible to understand different facts of French political life , such as the Popular Front , without any idea of what the Left and the Right mean .

Moreover , sometimes ideas happen to inform reality .
It would be absurd to learn a factual history of the USSR or the history of the Cold War without any idea of what communism is .

More profoundly , there is no discourse about facts without an interpretation of the facts .
Nietzsche and , more recently , Michel Foucault have explained that all the facts are constructed .
There are no `` natural facts '' that we should examine without a theory .
Even the selection of the facts reveals an idea of what is important and what makes History .
Economics provides us with countless examples of theories that are necessary to explain facts , and even to construct them .

However , it does to mean that there is no escape to general relativism , and that there is no necessity to learn fact .
It is important to cast light on the hypothesis that are made in Economics as well as in History , but it is also important to give some information about the facts .
At the same time as they improve their critical view , students should be able to learn precise facts .
To take another time the example of History , the chronology is very important : it would not make sense to explain the facism thinking that it occured before World War I. As far as Economics is concerned , it is important to test empirically economic theories to demonstrate that they are useful to understand real economic relations .
Most of the people are happy with the knowledge they have or say they are unconcerned about new topics , while some other type of people , have an appetite to do new things that is try out new things .
My type of category is the second one , So i would go with and agree to the statement - `` Succesfull people try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well. '' for their insatiable curiosity , always active and open , risk involved .

Unquenchable curiosity is the driving force behind all the successfull people .
It is this force which keeps them engaged in their work .
As for example , let us consider an scientist .
He is a person always wanting to know how thing work , what will happen next , what would be the response if i do it that way - are some of the question arousing in minds of these mens .
Thomas alva edison is one of the most succesfull scientist & a men with these virtues .
He experimented with around 1200 ideas , and finally invented the electric bulb .
It was this appetite for inventing , rather say doing things differently from rest of the mass made him a successfull person .

Always active and open to ideas is an another attribute of the wise .
They clasp or hug new ideas with open arms .
Isaac newton can be a considered to be a part of this species .
Everyone saw apple falling but only newton was the one to cast doubts by thinking `` why that apple fell . ''

By taking calculated risk they take their bussiness , principles to peak or pass off as an forlorn entity .
A whole lot of people get success by trying out new things differently and innovating an already active idea .
Some of the ingredients of these kind of people is their curiosity towards their work , their open mind and the ability to take risk .
To be successful in life , a person has to be : keen towards his work , open to different views by different peoples and the ability to take some good risk ...
atleast once .
Advertissement is represented everywhere .
Every year , millions of new products born across the world .
Communication agencies develop better campaign that in the past .
A product is not anymore a good or service .
It becomes the identity of a compagny or a specified target .
The competition getting harder , the creators and infographistes use manipulation technics to sell the image of the product .

Firstly , everyday life products are more and more difficult to promote .
Every theme has been used in the past .
Agencies has to give a new identity to the product .
For example , Saatchi Saatchi , one of biggest European communication agency has developed a campaign based on erotism and exotism to sell a car .
The performance of the new motor or the shape of the car where not the main informations to communication .
In order to sell the model , the agency has created a dream situation which will transfer the customer into a harem of wonderful feminin creatures swearing only abouth this car .

Secondly , the industrial market is overcrowded .
Compagnies are developing new products which are already in the market due to their competitors .
For instance , the role of the advertissement will be to give an idea than the new product of Coca Cola is better than the one of Pepsi .
The two products are similar in a way but differ by their name and image .
On one hand , Coca Cola will be represented by young and dynamic persons singing in the street , breaking the rules .
On the other hand , Pepsi advertisement will show drawings .
The two advertissement campaigns will make the products seem much better than they really are .

To sum up , the main role of advertisement is to sell goods and service .
Whatever the real capacity or necessity of the product , the advertisement will present a product more colorful , more useful and promess to the target that it will change its life .
For some reasons I totally agree with the statement , although sometimes risk can destroy a people , it is a part that people must go trough to get succeed .
First , if someone wants to be succeed , he or she must try to do something new , something others never did before , it is just like invention , new things are always the things people focus on , that is why people are interest on new cell phones and computers but not regular phones and calculators , the future successful people has to find something that can interest people , but as an addition , there are always risks while introducing a new product or working in a new field , but if people want to recieve , they have to give , people who want to be succeed must give up doing the thing they already know how to do well , but learn to do a new thing , for most times , there are n't even books to introduce how to do the new thing , but once one people finds out how to do and does it well , he or she may be secceed throughtout one night .
Many people surround me are worrying about their jobs , some because they ca n't find a job , some worries about how far they can go in their career , for those who want to be more excellent than others , who are looking forward to be successful people , wo n't only try to do better than others in the same thing , because as people always say ` what you can do , others can do ' , take Bill Gates for example , when he was determind to found a software company he was only an college student , bravely , he did n't scared by the risk but went out from the college to the true world to discover new things , to chase new goals , at the time he had a friend who ahd the same major as Bill did , rejected the invetion of Bill Gates to found a new company together , may be he thought it is more unrisky to continue his study , or maybe he still thinks so now , but after years , Bill Gates becomes , we can say a legent of success , every body admire him , and seeking for ways to be as successful as him , and his classmate at college I 've mentioned before , is now a college proffessor , I 'm not saying that being a proffesor is not successful , it is also a marvolous job , but in most people 's opinion , being best one in the world , is cooler , and a people like Bill Gates , is the most successful one .

It may depends on that kind of life people want , but if people want to bu really successful , I think the best way is to face the risks and do new things others never did before , there sure will be failures , but if he or she succeed , it will be a huge pride .
Conflicts between generations have been aroud for centuries and still generate much debate .
Older generations often disapprove of the behaviour of young people , and this disapproval is obvious in the way that we understand young people 's commitment to their community .
Although I acknowledge the generous contribution of some young people in helping their community , I agree with the statement that `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .

In the last three years , I have volunteered as a tutor for children from disadvantaged backgrounds and for various jobs at university .
I feel that it is very important to help one 's community , but when I try to think of examples of such generosity in my fellow students and in younger people , I struggle to find two examples .
I only need to look at the employment website of my university to see that the voluntary jobs being advertised are not popular ; the website counts the number of times that a page is seen and that number is particularly low for voluntary activities .

If we forget about volunteering and think of helping one 's community as just spending time with that community and taking part in its activities , one will still find that young people are rather absent .
Life has become a very private enterprise now .
The advent and the popularity of video games , the internet and mobile phones shows that it is now possible to enjoy oneself without leaving a room .
It is possible to be part of a virtual community ( in chat rooms for instance ) without having to spend any time with the local community .
This privatization of entertainment and of life in general means that young people seem much less concerned about their direct community and are more focused on themselves .
Most teenagers are rather self-absorbed and forget about the community around them .
For instance , my sister is often more concerned about the outfit that she is going to wear the next day than about sick members of the family .
She feels that she does not have any time to spend with my grandmother , so absorbed is she in her fashion concerns .

In a way , young people are involved in another community .
It seems that communities have become much bigger in the last century .
While a few decades ago events happened at a local and community level , the development of information and communication has led to an enlargement from a village community to a world community .
In the 1900s , people would listen to the news of their community , of their village , and maybe of the nearest town , but today we learn about the world on the news .
Although young people might be part of that community , there is still little sign of them truly helping in that community .

I therefore do agree that young people do not spend enough time helping their community .
However , they should not necessarily be blamed for this ; we just need to give them a sense of community to make them want to participate in that community ; it is up to parents and to the educational system to achieve this for a better world .
As far as I can see , this statement is absoluty correct .
Learning or even memorizing facts might be usefull and effective right in front of an examination if you just want to pass it .
But if you want to obtain good results , memorizing will not help you win the day at all .

Let me clarify this .
As soon as it comes to similar topics which are only associated with the content that you are familiar with , the one who only learned facts will not be able to answer the questions as appropriately as if he had learned the concept and ideas behind the facts .
But as far as you are familiar with the main ideas , you will definetely be able to give brilliant answers as you only need to transfer them onto the new topic .

Let me point this out on an example .
I work as an assistent at the faculty of law at my university .
My job is to correct term papers on several subjects associated with labour law .
Within these papers students have to proof that they on the one hand have understood what was lectured during the semester and on the other hand that they are able to transport this knowledge onto new subjects .
In general , I call a student `` smart and clever '' when he is capable of transporting knowledge to different subjects and develop his own position .
Unfortunately I came recently to know that obviously piles of students have not really understood what the professer tried to convey .
Reproduction of facts is quite boring to a teacher after having read them several times .
But transportation of knowledge and using this knowledge to evaluate new problems is exciting .

Therefore I would say , that memorizing facts is definetely less important than understanding the main concepts and ideas of the subject .
`` Taking risks and gainig success is a combination which connot be split , because one thing is the reason for the other one '' .
This was nearly the first setence I heard by my professor of economics .

Now , approximately 18 months after I heard this statement , I am discussing the advantages and disadvantages of people who take risks and the effect this has on their success .

I reckon that , as it can be observed in the global economy , business just seems to work by taking risks .
Therefore people like managers , who are involved in deciding-processes , are responsible for their decision .
In some cases they can be wrong , but in others , they are right and for being right they ear honour , apart from the money they get , which makes them successful even in another direction .
If there were no people taking these risks , our whole economy would not be so developed as it is , because without visions of people and their risks to put them into action , many of us would not have a job for instance .
Additionally , I think that it is routine that makes people sick of the life they live .
People who always do the same things for years are often unsatisfied with their life .
I would truly recommend those people to live their dreams and to go for their goals , because everybody has visions and targets , which are worth to be fought for .

However , in my opinion , every change is connected with a certain risk .
Consequently everyone should balance if a new beginnig would lead to a better state of satisfaction .

It appears to me that successful people nearly all share one common character trait : their self-confidence .
Self-confidence is absolutely a most for being successful because there are always hard situations and some people who do not make life easier for someone , who is progress of changing something .

Finally it want to support my arguments by citing my own philosophy of life : `` By taking risk , connected with a bit of luck , people can built a bridge from all the stones they get thrown on their track to success and satisfaction . ''
I completely agree with this statement .
There is no doubt that the advertisements do make a product look much better that they actually are .
We should understand that the adverstisements are aired to make consumers familiar of a product and to promote its sale .
If a company has launched a product it has to have maximum sale in order to have profits .
So , they try to attract the attention of the comsumers by projecting it as the best product available in the market .
Every company advertises its product as a super product as if no other product would ever be able to beat their product in terms of quality and price effectiveness .
I feel that they try to fool innocent people for their own intrests .
These days , companies project the researches about the products .
They just project the good qualities of the product and hide the negative ones to mislead people .
For example , they wiill air that the studies have established that their product is better that the product A , B , C and D in X , Y , Z parameters but they will hide the other parameters the product is not good in .

I feel that a good quality product does not need any fancy advertisement , its quality speaks for itself and such a product will become popular with population just by word of mouth .
According to my feelings , making a decsion to buy a product just because it is advertised as a very good product is utter foolishness and a waste of money .

I , myself have been a victim of fancy advertisements .
But , I learnt my lesson of not going by advertisements by incurring heavy monetary losses .
I now feel that it is resposibility of individuals to protect themselves from falling into the trap that companies lay to extract money from consumers by advertising .
Over the history , the life has evolved into what we call today the `` modern life '' .
Modern life has brought its problems with it .
The one problem that has a great effect in our social lives is youngsters not helping their communities as they used to do in the past .
Needless to say that this has its reasons too .
Two main reasons why youngsters are more selfish and care less about their families and everyone around them today are their parents and lack of education given in this direction .

While children grow up to be adults they just learn things from their parents .
They immitate how their parents handle situations and they internalize most of the altitudes their parents exhibit under certain situations at a very young age .
Therefore when a little girl , say Allice sees her mother being careless to other people around her , she just grows up to be that way .
She becomes more self-centered , individualist and less helpful to others .
That may be a person having a stroke on the street , or an elder who needs a seat on the bus .
She will just choose of her comfort and well-being and care less about other people .

Even though most of the children grow up with the company of their parents , they also spend most of their time at schools they attend to .
In schools they take the teacher as the model especially at the younger ages and their education has a great influence on what kind of a person they will be .
In schools we can turn them into good people who are not indifferent to their society instead of boasting on the individual success and assessing them accord to it .
Schools today produce rather self-centered , careless and selfish individuals .
This is a main flaw in our education system today .

In summary , it is an irrefutable fact that young people become more and more careless about the community they live in .
The reasons behind these are lack of family education and a bad education system .
These are the places to look at if we want more society-aware people .
We should give stress on parental education and revise our education system to train individuals with values that teaches them society comes before a single person .
This way we will have a healthy society in which people do care and help each other .
I do not agree with the statement `` the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide '' .

Firstly , because I do not think that anyone could pretend order travel either alone or in a group .
Traveling is one of the pleasure that is generally at your own discretion .
If people does not feel comfortable to travel in a group , it does not means that they are not going to enjoy their trip .
For them , traveling in a group could be the best way to waste your money and time .
One are not going to be able to do everything one wants .

Secondly , for people who like traveling in a group , they could like to travel with people they know .
So they would have somewhat the same interest , and will be most likely able to do the same thing .
In that case , they could want to prepare their trip by researching all the information they need before leaving .
For example , they would looking about the hotels , where to eat , what are the attractions , and so on .
Thus , they will avoid the need of a tour guide .
They will ends with the satisfaction of planning their trip , and seing only what they wanted to .

Finally , travel in a group led by a tour guide could be expensive .
A tour guide usually also has his `` own path '' .
It is a generic pathway made for everyone .
It usually have a lack of flexibility .
For instance , with a tour guide people have usually a tight schedule .
The tour guide tries to show everything in a very short amount of time .
Therefore , one has to be in good health condition in order to accomplish what could be viewed sometimes as painful path .

In conclusion , I personnally believe that the best way to travel depends on individuals .
One could be a solitar , and enjoy the pleasure of traveling alone .
Other people enjoy just the fact of researching , planning to travel with friends .
And finally , the fact that a tour guide is not personal and only show what it wants to shows , are the three main reason what I do not agree with the statement .
I disagree with the idea that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Because the idea seems to be too shallow and narrow to me .
I would rather say it depends on each individual whether they can enjoy life or not , than just generalize them by their age .
I am going to state examples to support the idea .

Firstly , there has been increasing number of young people , who do not have clear purpose of the life , being at a loss what to do .
These kind of people often do not even work , which naturally means that they do not have enough opportunity to show their ability .
That kind of life seems to be very boring and meaningless to me .
Although some people might enjoy their moment of the life by doing something funny and stimulas , my impression for that is they are just having fun temporary .
I think it does not mean that they fully enjoy thier life .
As long as there are many young people living without a obvious purpose or destination , I think it cannot be said that all young people enjoy their life .

Secondly , let me introduce my own experience about my grand mother .
She lives alone after her husband died , but she is so energetic and vigorous , and seems to enjoy her life very much .
That is probably because she has a lot of friends around her , who usually drop by to chat with her .
I think being needed by others gives people will of life .
Lately , she even started singing with her friend in Karaoke , and is now putting much enthusiasm in it .
By seeing my grand mother , I was well convinced that older people can live their life with many enjoyments .

That is the reasons I think given statement is too superficial .
Even Young people could feel their life meaninngless and boring , while there is enough chance for older people to fully enjoy their life .
It is all up to theirselves .
Over the years , people have developed two very important theories about a student 's development .
Some will say that it is more important for a student to understand ideas and concepts and others will say that it is more important for them to learn facts .

Personally , I believe that both theories are important , but the understanding of ideas and concepts is the real key to a student 's success .
I say this because if a student just learns facts , that is all that they are learning , simple facts .
On the other hand , if a student learns to understand concepts and ideas , he or she is getting the tools to face all types of situations in school , university , job , and life itself .

A clear example of what I mention above are two friends that I grew up with , but graduated from different schools .
One of them graduated from a school where their principal objective was to teach the student how to think , analyze and understand concepts and ideas besides just teaching them facts and the other one came from a school where the main teaching technique was to make students memorize all types of information .
When the time to go to the university came , both students graduated from school with excellent grades but the difference among them started to show on the way .
The one that was used to learning and memorizing facts started to experience serious difficulties if things did n't work out exactly as they were supposed to , while the one trained to understand concepts and ideas found out how to work his way through the changes and experienced much better results .
Over the years , the student who was just taught facts saw the results that the other one was obataining and finally comprehended that he needed to change .
Once he did , things started working out much better for him .

I am sure that the example I mention above happens all the time all over the world .
Personally , I was lucky enough to be taught to understand concepts and ideas rather than just plain facts and I can assure that it has helped me a lot throughout my life because it has given me the tools to comprehend , understand and analyze things from different points of view , from different perspectives and to look for solutions when apparently ther are n't any , which you wo n't be able to do if you just learn facts .
From my point of view it is right , that people nowadays do not give enoguth time to helping their communites .

I have the impression that the world we live in is a world of individuals .
Everyone just seems to live next to each other but not actually together .
In the past people , were forced to do certain things together and help each other .
Nowadays the technolocial change has made many thing easier and less harder .
Thus we have become lazier and concerning many things we do not have to rely on each other any more .
That 's the reason why we became more selfish and lazy .
Many people choose to spend their time in front of the TV instead of helping their communities .

As an example the amount of young men who do civil service decreased over all .
Most men neither go to the army , no do civil service : they just do not do anything .
But without civil service our whole social system would not function any more .
It is extremly important , that the young people take care of the old people and help them with their basic needs .

In the end it comes down to a discussion of values .
I am convinced , that there has been a moral change .
Nowadays for many people it seems to be most important to look after their owns , to focus on their live , sucess and wealth .
Regarding this helping others in the community does not seem to be relevant any more .
Everyone is responsible for his own life and luck .

Moreover it might be a problem that people do not indentify and related enoguth with their community any more .
This lack of identification hampers them to play an active role in the community .

Due to immigration people with different cultural roods and with different kinds of religion live together in one community but do not feel connected to each other .

In addition the problemes we have to face as a community todaz have become more complex in the process of globalisation .
They are no longer as limited as the might have been in previous days .

But especially regarding this , I come to the conclusion that even more help in the community is need
I strongly disagree to the quote given .
I believe that enjoying life depends on the mindset and personality of each individual , not on their age .
I have confronted many teenagers who stress about their academic studies and social relationships with their friends and families .
I have had conversations with numerous teenagers who simply do not stop complaining about their lives .
How much homework they receive each night , how much nagging they have to bear from their parents , and what kinds of social drama are going on between their friends are only a small portion of the complaints that I hear from other teenagers such as myself .
On the other hand , I have encountered many old-aged adults who are entering into their latter portion of their lives but are enjoying their lives to the fullest .
They might not be financial well off or socially successful but they see things in a positive way and are thankful of everything they have .
I know an old man who has lost his wife several years ago , but , even after such a huge emotional obstacle , he still interacts extremely well with his children and people in his community .
There is no doubt that he misses his wife with all his heart , but he leaves his past to stay as his past and forms a better future with every moment that he is living out .

I think that when a person knows how to learn from the past and to look towards the future by living their best in the present , he/she is the person who knows how to enjoy life .
To be satisfied with the things that he/she has and utilizing them to make the most out of them are the ultimate way to be truly happy and successful in life .
I believe that age does not alter an individual 's ability to be happy , but it is the way he/she views life and what he/she makes out of it that help him/her find true joy in life .
Which is better , to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjetcs or to specialize in a one specific subject ?
The answer really lies in the context in which you are speaking .

If you are still in school then it is always better to have a broad knowledge of all other subjects .
Just imagine what a person will become if he study only Biology his whole life .
He will never become a doctor , let alone a successful doctor .
There are some subjects or fields of study which are necessary or form a base for further studies in any field .
You can never succeed in life as a doctor if you do n't have any knowledge of Chemistry or Maths .
We do need elementary knowledge of all the subjects to truly appriciate the subject in which we want to specialize .
But at the same time we cannot expect a person doind PhD in Biology to know about difficult topics in Mathematics like Calculus .

Infact , the matter of fact is that as we move towards higher education , we should tend to concentrate on less and less subjects .
A person studing engineering , will usually do away with the subjects of History and Geography in College , but will still embrace Physics and Chemistry which are more relevant for him .
A person doing specialitaion must have pretty good knowledege of the subjects which are going to help him and facilitate him in his reaearch even though they are not directly related to his field of specialization .

In conclusion I would like to say that we need a balance of both the forms .
One one hand , in order to really understand and enjoy a subject we need to specialize in it , but at the same point we cannot afford to neglect other subjects .
A good combination of both broad knowledeg as well as specialized knowledge will make a truly knowledgable person .
Some people believe that the best way to travel is to go alone as they can spend time as they want .
But I strongly believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
In this discussion I shall present arguments supporting my opinion .

There are so many advantages for a guided tour .
First and the most important advantage is , a tour guide knows the place better than us .
So he/she can take us directly to the popular places that should be visited in that city .
This really saves a lot of time , which is an important thing to be considered in a short vacation and also we will not miss any good places if we have a guide .
Whereas in the situation where there is no guide , we have to enquire about the places to visit and sometimes we may even get lost in the process of finding the route which results in the wastage of time .

Second , as the tour guide knows about that place , he will be able to explain the history of that place .
For example , he can explain the reason or story behind the construction of a monument or sculpture .

Sometimes they also know about the native stories that were not written in the books .
In a tour with out guide , we will surely miss all this information .

Finally , travelling in group also helps in many ways like a guided tour .
First of all , it is fun to travel with so many people and it gives us a chance to make new friends .
Also , the other members in the group will help us when we have a sudden emergency like health problem .
In contrast , if we travel alone nobody will be there to take care of us in the new place where everybody is unknown for us .

To conclude , while there are arguments that can be made on both sides , I personally believe that travel in a group with a guide is better compared to travel alone with out a guide .
The young people , in today 's globally challenged environment , do not give enough emphasis on helping their communities .
I fully agree with this issue of socila responsibility .

To cover the subject from various angles , the potential reasons can be listed and defined .
First , the parents , today , are all working professionals and therefore they do not spend enough time on the subject with their children and let them realize the importance of helping their communities .
Because this area is not covered by the parents , it is only shown or taught in the schools which can not provide the basis for the subject to be covered fully .
Because young people are influenced mostly by their parents , as they get less attention from them , the subject matter is not held properly in the families .

Second , because of the economic needs of the society , the education and the trends are all influenced by the factors that create profit .
And since helping communities is not a matter of profit , the importance of the issue is not expressed via printed materials or media .

When we combine these above factors , we can come to a conclusion where it is an outcome of the efforts of the society in the end of the day .
Young people of todays ' globally challenged world are caring more on what they wear , what computer plays they can purchase and play .
They are becoming less and less oriented in the real world and society problems .

Lately , the individual professionals , celebrities and corporations are stressing more emphasis on the issues by promoting the idea of corporate citizenship and social responsibility .
This pormotion has become a trends in the last two years and the campaigns are generating more profits for the community .

It is believed that this new trend will become effective on not only the young people but also the middle aged and elder people .
Since it is widening and strengthening the scope of helping the community via media and printed press .
Yet all trends today are created and influenced in filling the gaps of the lack of social awareness .
Where it can easly be concluded that the lack of the young people helping the community is also observed by the whole world and actions are started to be taken to change it .

Thus , it can be concluded that the young people are not giving enough time to help the community but their attentions can be converted into the subject matter and they can be benefitted .
Most advertisements make a product seem much better that they really are .
And there is a reson why companies do that .
That reason is that with more buyers a product has , the more proffits they are going to make .
Producers are always looking for ways to attract more users of the product , and they do so by attracting people with adds that often might not reflect the truth about a product .

Firstable , in most of the commercials it appears that the person using the product is happier and is leaving an easier life than the one who does not use it .
For example ; in an add used by Toyota , the person driving the toyota could have a more pleasant trip and get to places faster .
And they show people in the street jeoulus and their cars seemed to be less effective .

Then we have the ads where only joung and beautiful people appear .
Beer add can be a perfect example of these ; because they are often shown whith girls in a bikinis and guys at a party .
This can measlead a persons thinking , and make them believe that drinking that kind of beer is going to make them feel goos and look `` cool '' in front of other people .
We know beer does n't make you more beautiful and cool it just makes you drunk ! .

Finally , adds never show the negatives effect of using a product .
In a cocacola add you are never going to see people getting fat or people showing a lot of cellulite on their boddies .
And there are the true long-term effect of drinking sodas .
You just see families and joung people having fun and saying taht cocacola is the best drink ever .

In conclusion , we don 's have to believe everything we see .
And to prevent being fooled by some attractive add , we must keep in mind that most companies are not tryinh to give us a better life , the are just trying to increase their proffits by making ud believe the product is right for us .
We need to be informed and make our desicions based on our other options and what is more convinient , not based on what an add says .
Differences between generations have been public concerns , even put into debates for a long time .
Among which there exists a widely discussed one - whether young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Needless to say , the answer varies from person to person .
As far as I am concerned , I agree with the above statement not only because young people appreciate diversity more , but also because they are more welcome to new things .

To begin with , with the development of human civilization , especially now globalization is an undeniable trend , diversity is increasingly acceptable and admired .
There are examples everywhere .
Young people , generally speaking , enjoy traveling to different places .
They are fascinated by diverse cultures and people they meet .
However , older people tend to stay in one place , and even hate changes .
In that case , their enjoyments are not comparable to their young counterparts .

In the second place , in contrast to older people. , young generation are more willing to accept novelties and enjoy them .
For instance , a couple of days ago , I was in the roller coaster in Bejing Amusing park .
It is an exciting experience , a challenge both pysically and mentally .
However , my parents just looked away and would not give a try .
Therefore , it is a pity that they never enjoy those thrillers in life , which are taken advantages by us young .

Nevertheless , to be fair , older people are blessed with their own merits .
On one hand , they pay more attention to details in life , which enable them to find out beauty in the somewhat mundane world .
On the other hand , they are more easily to be satisfied , thus feel more grateful to life , even if they are in adversity .

In a nutshell , despite all the advantages enjoyed by older people , I will not hesitate to side with the statement that life is more enjoyable to young .
My conclusion is based on the fact that young people are happier with new experiences .
Further more , diversity are held in higher regard in youths .
Therefore , modern society is more appealing to them .
However , we can never deny that every person enjoys his or her own happiness and blessings , which has not much to do with his or her age .
As long as we develop a genuine appreciation for life itself , life is definitely more beautiful .
TO KNOW AND HOW MUCH TO KNOW , THAT IS THE QUESTION

I always define my generation as based on the lyrics of a Brazilian pop song of the 80s which said , `` I know a little about almost everything , and almost everything I know badly '' .
On my day and age , a popular teenager would have to know about a vast array of topics , ranging from Boy George to The Cure , not leaving aside Shakespeare .
Of course , these are not exactly academic subjects , so an academic knowledge of Boy George would not be necessary , but we would have to at least have heard of him .
Shakespeare , however , is not only part of the academy , but also of a canon .
Would it be better , then , to know everything about the Bard and all of his forty plays , or to know a few vital facts about him and still have time to study Orwell , Huxley , Nabokov , Salinger , Woolf , Twain and Steinbeck , not to mention less canonical authors ?

It 's hard to say , since there are advantages and disadvantages to each approach .
One obvious con to having a broad knowledge of several subjects is that this knowlegde will eventually become superficial .
Lack of time will make it impossible to dedicate too much attention to one subject , and its treatment might be shallow and futile .
On the other hand , knowing many subjects will surely enhance our conversational skills in social gatherings .
Let 's just say that knowing Macbeth superficially wo n't be enough to write a thesis on the play , but it might impress some friends at a party .
It depends on the situation .

Although I do n't have a fixed opinion on this subject , I 'm more inclined to having broad knowledge about many topics than merely knowing one topic exhaustively .
In school at least , we have to be introduced to many academic subjects , for how will we know where to choose from and what interests to pursue if we only , say , know Algebra ?
As we go deeper and deeper into our studies , however , we will inevitably have to narrow down our interests , and dedicate more time to fewer subjects , even running the `` risk '' of becoming specialists .
Nevetheless , as much as I love Shakespeare , dedicating all my academic existence to him and him only would give me the impression of missing something .
I do not think that traveling in a group lead by a tour idea is a great idea .
While many would point to the benifits of having a seasoned , knowledgable resource who understands the lay of the land , the local language and is familiar with all the places and facts in the area , the idea of traveling in a tour group definitely does not appeal to me .
My personal experiences have not been very good with tours led by tour guides .

First , the guided tours try to squeeze as much in as possible and as such the schedules are very gruelling and tough and one does not get to enjoy the things one wants to do .
It is not always easy to tailor a trip that suits everyone 's requirements .
Human beings are different and have different preferences , for example someone interested in art may want to visit London only for its museums whereas someone else may prefer to go to London primarily for its fabulous shopping .
It would be very difficult to tailor a tour that keeps both these interests at heart and the outcome maybe a combination which satisfies neither .

Secondly , there is always the factor of control and independence , an impulsive side trip or extended stay may not be an option on these tours .
Imagine being worn out from a trek up the hill to see a castle and not having the ability to turn back to go to the Hotel because the tour bus has a schedule to see five more places .

Finally , there is the question of lodging and dining choices .
Individual tastes are very diverse and since its is very difficult to cater to the tastes of different individuals the tour guides may choose the least common denominator which again will leave many dissatisfied .

To summarize I would not recommend guided tours as a way to travel on account of problems you may face due to the reasons highlighted above .
It is true : youngsters do not care much about their communities or at least a fewer part of them do it with respect to elder generations .
Our society is now living a period of general wealth meaning that there are less problmatic issues than past years and that living style has been improved by new technologies to make us always more and more comfortable .
If we look back at the 1960s , the situation was more complicated : in those days , people were demonstrating in the streets to gather certain rights such as the right to divorce in Italy and the workers ' class claimed more facilities to improve their life conditions .
Many strikes followed and it is worth noting that students took part too .
This is why they were more concerned about community : they felt the need to manifest their opinions in order to achieve a better life style , the need to fight , without using phisycal violence , for their scopes , strongly believing there was something to change .
This is my generational problem : we do not have something to complain about , we are well off .
We do not feel the importance of manifesting a particular belief or claiming the fact the society still has something wrong simply because we are not able to see these problems .
Of course not all behave selfishly against the community : there are some young members working in associations aiming at community welfare .
These youngsters are most likely those who live close to community problems not only at work but during their daily life because they are the first to be aware of the situation and still the first that have to react .
From these harsh experiences awarness arises , followed by the aim to change in better the sorrounding enviroment as well as it happened during the 1960s .
There is another set of persons likely to help the community : wealthy people understanding that the huge difference among them and poors cannot be totally flattened but they can give their help as well , exploiting their advantageous positions .
With the developmemt of the industries all over the world , a though race or competition has begun between companies to sell their products and therefore keep surviving in the industrial environment .
For this purpose the companies put a lot on advertisement , most of which shows the product much better than it really is in order to sell it .
There are several reaons why a product is perceived much better than it is by the customer .

First reason is that when introducing a product , the advertisement mentions only the good and attractive aspects of the product .
The consumer purchases it without knowing its ' negative sides .
For example a product may have many technical properties , which are also presented in the advertisement , however the product may not be durable and in the advertisement it is never mentioned .

Second point is that many products have some certificates , presented in their advertisement , which do not really account for the quality of the product .
A low quality product can even get a cetificate because the requirements for the certificate are only based on the documents that the company presents to the quality assurance comapny .
The company is not actually examined for conformance to the stated issues on its report .
The advertisements tell that the product is very high quality and shows the certificates it has as a proof .
An example for this type of certificate is the ISO9000-9001 .
This worldwide certificate deals only with the documentation of the quality system in the company and usually fails to account for the actual quality of the product .
When consumers see this certificate on the advertisement of the product they take it for granted that the products ' quality in convenient .

Last point is that advertisements usually do not use real examples when introducing a product .
For example a person who is advertising a sports device is usually an athlet or even a body builder .
However when the consumer watches that advertisement he usually thinks that the man or woman on the advertisement has built those muscles and become fit by that device .
Another example might be on high fat containing foods .
People on the advertisements of these foods are usually slim and the consumer thinks he can also be slim although he consumes that product .

To sum up , advertisements generally mislead the consumers about the properties of the product due to several reasons ; they mention only the attractive and good parts of the product , they expose insufficient quality certificates as a proof of quality and they use unreal examples .
Therefore , consumers should be more careful in buying a product relying on an advertisement .
I agree with the statement made as it is clear that people have come to understand that there have been several attempts made to reduce global pollution .
The use of vehiciles has put the world on red alert as we are destroying our atmosphere day by day with emissions of harmful gases and intoxicants .

We are all aware of the amount of harm we are doing to our atmosphere because most citizens would rather go from destination A to B with their privately own cars without acknowledging what we are doing to the earth itself .

Governments worldwide and national organizations have been concerned with the issue of pollution and how it is going to affect in the near future .
Several organizations have acknowledged this issue and are implementing rules restricting the use of private vehicles .
There are alternative ways other than using cars , which are mainly used for transportation and rarely for recrational activity .

One option is that all cars , that are owned privately , are destroyed and all citizens and inhabitants of a certain area restrict themselves to public transport such as buses .
This will be of great benefit to both society and the atomshere around us .
First of all it would reduce our financial problems like car payment , petroleum , services and so on .

Another suggestion is that the make trains , also known as metro 's to be used more often which consume electricity rather than petrol .

Governments have stated that there would be a great drop in the number of cars purchased and the numbered currently owned , and not to include the rate of gas emissions would drop to around forty five percent in the coming years if people abide by this rule and follow it .
I dont agree to the topic given to me that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This is because , enjoyment is a vague term and there is no unique way of measuring enjoyment .
The defination of enjoyment changes from person to person .
I ca n't take a firm stand and state that young people enjoy their life more than older people do .

Lets take my own example .
As a young guy , I love playing sports , freaking out with my friends , going on an adventurous trip , listening to music etc .
I enjoy myself when I involve in these activities .
This is enjoyment for me .
Lets take the example of my grandfather .
He is not in a position to do all that I can do , but that does n't mean that he does not enjoy life or enjoys less than I do .
He enjoys the serenity of the place he lives in , he enjoys playing with us and also enjoys spending quality time with our family .
This is the meaning of enjoyment for him .
What I really ca n't do is to measure his degree of enjoyment and compare it with mine .

The defination of enjoyment might also change when I take an example of an other old man or an other young guy .
Lets consider an other old man who is fully fit and is in a position to indulge in all the activities that I really enjoy .
Though , the old man might not perform to the same level as I can but there is a possibility that he might enjoy doing the same .
Even in this case , measuring his degree of enjoyment and comparing it with mine is not possible .

Lets take the example of an other young guy who defines enjoyment as attaining success in his desired field of study .
He might enjoy each and every step that is involved in making him a successful person .
The same activity can be done by an old man but he might define enjoyment in a different way .
He might enjoy only by reading the same and not having any sort of concern towards the result of such a study .

I conclude my essay by saying that the term enjoyment is very vague and its difficult for me to take a firm stand on who enjoys more until and unless I am provided with a method or a formula that measures the degree of enjoyment for each and every individual .
There is a general notion among the older generation that today 's youth are irresponsible and are not socially concious .
They feel that young people do not care about their communities or their nation as a whole .
I disagree .

True , the older generation can proudly boast of all the help that they have done to their communities and their nation .
Take the case of the fight for Indian Independence in the first half of the 20th century .
The youth at that time were very social concious .
They were passionate about their country and involved themselves in various freedom movements .
Some of them were ready to die fighting for their country , such was their vigour and devotion towards their country .
Similar cases can be seen throughout the world at that time when the world was undergoing a change with two world wars and decolonilisation taking place .
But in no way can the older generation assert that the younger generation do not give enough time to help their communities .

Today 's youth may not have the social and political awareness that their parents and grand parents have , but it is incorrect to see today 's youth as irresponsible and bound by consumerism .
Young people are wrongly accused of having a do n't - care attitude towards their communities .
There are many instances that overturn this notion .
For example , in my colony , it is the young people who organize festivals and programs to celebrate and rejoice with their community as a whole .
I can often see college going students give lifts to old people who are too old to travel in public transportation , in their vehicles .
The recent Bollywood movie ` Rang De Basanti ' depicts four young men who eliminate a corrupt politician for the good of the society .

Therefore , it is wrong to believe that young people only think about where their next date will be or when they will see their next movie .
They are very respnsible towards their society .
I do agree with the statement that in the twenty years there will be fewer cars than they are today .
There are many reasons for this like the environmental impact , the distance to be travelled , the traffic problem , cost of the fuel , increase in the labour charges for fixing the car , the policies of the government , etc .
These are explained as below .

First , from the environmental point of view cars are a major source of pollution pouring heavy amounts of carbon monoxide in to the atmosphere .
So many people are these days much aware of the environment and are intending to live in a pollution free cities and towns .
The people stopped buying cars in many of the countries these days and are resorting to other means of transport like trains and buses which carry many passengers at a time having a negligent effect on the environment when compare to cars if all those people travel in each .

Second , these days since the cities being fully developed and no places being left in the city so many of the firms are being shifted to the outskirts of the city .
Many people will find it difficult to travel to the outskirts of the city in a car as the distance is much longer and they also find it safer to travel by trains and buses .
It is also cheaper when compared to travelling by a car .
The railways and the public tranportation these days have been developed a lot and it is much safer these days to travel by these sources .

Third , the traffic problem and the cost of the fuel .
As the population has increased the number of vehicles people used has also increased by a considerable number as a result the traffic in the towns and cities is very heavy .
Many people found that it is very stressful to drive in such a heavy traffic and the accidents have also increased .
Moreover the cost of the fuel like diesel and petrol is increasing day by day and people are finding it much difficult to pay so much for the fuel .
In the twenty years the fuel may cost twice or thrice of the present cost .
The labour charges for fixing the car have also increased by a considerable amount and in the future they are may be five to six times more .

Finally the traffic in the cities and towns is very heavy and the people have to get struck inthe traffic for hours and hours .
The parking lots alloted for the cars are filled by half the customers in the shopping malls and the people are finding it difficult to park the cars .
The goverment also imposed amny restrictions on the owners of the cars like cars should not be used for more than 10 years , they have to have the pollution check certified every two months , etc .
I hope that people will stop buying cars in the next twenty years basing on alll these factors .
But however the travel by car is very convinient as we can travel at any time we need .
Everyone lives in a communty that consists of peoples , In which , all the people , old and young , are supposed to join the community activities , and to help their community in many of aspects .
However , nowadays , It is argued that young people do not contribute to their community than in old days I agree with this opinion , since I believe the young people do not have enough time , do not have enough chances to communicate with others in the community , and also lack of the good motivation to help their comunity .

First , the young people now experience more presssure in their job and study than before , they have to work very hard to compete their peers , which make them really lack of time to have other activities insteading of working or studying .
They spend all the time in the classrooms or office .
And even when they go home at night , they will be so tired that can only go sleep at home instead of going outside to help their communities .

The other reason is that , nowadays the communities in human society seem have less chance for the people , especially for the young people , to communicate with each other .
For some stupid reaons , such as security , all the buildings in the cities are built like prisons .
All the doors are locked so firmly that even the mice could n't get in .
The people living in these `` prisons '' are usally not familiar with their neighbors even their are living in the next doors .
This makes the young people do not consider their community as their own , and thus might not show up publicly so ofte .
That 's why they do n't even have the chnace to help their community .

Finally , the people of all society , including the young people of course , become less and less motivated to help their communities .
As the economic development of our society , the people more and more focus on money as the value of the life , while disregard the good reputation they might earn from the society .
Usualy the young people will obtain nothing except some apreciation form their community if they do contribute to it .
This make them feel valueless to help the community , and thus spend less and less time to take part in the community activities .

To summerize , the young people indeed contribute less time to help their comunities , and I think it 's the problem of our cultrure nowadays , which actually encourage the people disregard their communities , and do not allow the people have enough time to paticipate the activites of their communities .
I think it would be better for our future , if the young people can do more for their coummnities .
It has been rightly said ,
`` Little knowledge is a dangerous thing ,
Drink deep or taste not the Pierian Spring ,
There small draughts intoxicate the brain ,
While drinking largely sobers us again ! ''
Indeed , I believe that instead of limiting kowledge to small draughts of one subject , it is much more beneficial to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects just like drinking largely from the Pierian Spring .

If we specialize in one subject , our knowledge is contained only within the narrow boundaries of that subject while the vast ocean of truth lies undiscovered before us .
We become ignorant about other impotant things that we need to know in order to attain a high level of intelligence and understanding .
By specializing in one subject , we tend to forget that there are millions of other possibilities in store for us , that there is so much knowlege to gain in this world and so little time .

With a broad knowledge or several things , we widen our vision and expand our horizons .
We realize that we have miles to go before we sleep .
Broad knowlege enlightens us about the vastness of this universe and makes us aware that even if we spend out entire lifetime gaining knowledge , there will still be thousands of things that we are ignorant about .

Another important fact is that various aspects of knowledge are related to one another .
Without being aware of other subjects , knowledge of our own subject becomes constricted and we tend to have a narrow minded approach towards things .
Moreover , if facts are bricks , accumulation of facts is as much knowledge as a pile of bricks is a house .
We need to know what is going on around us to put our knowledge to good use .

Also , practically speaking , what use is speacialization in one subject in our daily lives ?
Is a Ph .
D in microbiology going to help us cope with the obstacles of everyday life ?
Only awareness of every branch of academics can enable us to practically gain benefits .

So , it is my firm opinion that one should try to learn as much as possible in this short life given to us .
I , personally , would prefer to be a jack of all trades rather than a master of just one .
Many teenagers seem to just hang out with themselves and not help their communities .
However , this is wrong .
Students are actually helping the community they live in with small things such as keeping the community clean , and helping the elders and disabled people .

These days , almost all the schools are requiring the students to go to the government-related areas and help others for certain hours per year .
Because they get their marks off the grades , most students go to where the elders are , or to kindergartens to help out community people by cleaning and helping chores .
For example , a students will go to the daycare center and help the teachers -- or leaders -- take care of the kids and entertain them .
Helping them serving snacks and doing dishes will be another way to help the society .
Also , once in two weeks , students are to go outside the school building and are required to pick up small trash and garbages that are litered inside the school .
Even if it is just inside the school , it will help the school to look clean and organized .
Just like these , students are helping the community behind the adults ' eyes .

When you go on the public transportation , such as subways or buses , it is easy to notice a young student giving up their seat to someone who is carrying a heavy object , or someone who is old and hard to support themselves by standing .
This small thing can also be a big help to the society .
Others will learn this act from this student and will repeat the same act to help others .
The student will also feel warm about what he/sho had done .
Another example is that teenagers can help foreigners by just answering them how to get somewhere very kindly .
It is often for students to help others is minor things , but adults just think that the students do n't help the community at all .

There are more things that adults could help for the society , but not much for the young people .
Young people do n't have enough money to help others , when adults do .
They do n't have abilities to help other people in such a big scale .
Instead , they help others with minor things and be satisfy with it .
People who say that young people do not help the community should think about themselves if they help the community within their abilities .
As education is one of the most important sources to build a strong workforce , and western countries depend on their people as a resource , the concept how students learn is discussed in ongoing debates .
Some argue , students should focus on facts and learn the important past events by heart , while others claim to understand ideas and to have the posibility to make transfers of different concepts is of more value .
However both is im

Today , we are living in a changing world .
That what might be true today , does not have to be true tomorrow .
Therefore , adaptation and flexility are very important skills .
If students were to learn only facts , which could easily looked up in the library or the internet , they do not learn any unique skills .
As well these facts might be proven to be wrong , if not tomorrow than the day after .
To build all ones knowledge on facts is not very secure , neither provides it the confidence one needs to be successful in this world .

Anyway , I believe it is important to teach students some basic facts in different subjects like maths or history .
A lot of theories are based of these facts and one could only understand them when the facts are known .
The theories a students should learn during his educational life found in a great deal on the layed down facts .
Therefore it would be the wrong approach to leave out the facts completely of a student 's curriculum .

Having build a stong basis with the most important facts , the education should furtheron focus on the concepts .
students should learn what history has learnd the human race , what the backgrounds of certein decisions have been , and furthermore how this can be transferred into our present or even into the future .
To understand the idea behind the constitution of the US , explains how the Americans became to what they are today .
Understanding and adapting is far more important than knowing the exact date of the signature of the constitution .
This could be found within one minute by searching in the internet .
To be able to explain consequences and to infere possible results is only possible if one understood the idea behind .

To come to a conclusion , the question is not whether education should only be based on facts or on understanding complex ideas , but how to bring both in the best way together to prepare the generation of the future for there daily tasks .
To know facts is the basis to draw the interdependences between situations or people .
To know when leads to the question why , and this drives our world into tomorrow .
Is it more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ?
I think not .
First , because facts are things that can really be change .
Facts are the way they are and there is nothing we can do about then to change then or to modify the things they try to let us know .

In the other hand , ideas , as the name give us a clue , are the things we think or believe about something .
As an example , we all know that we need air to live .
If there were no air , we all would die .
But instead of only teaching this we get the Ideas of why air is necessary .
We breath it , it goes to our lungs then the oxigen is transported to the whole body traveling by the blood .
We can get to know that it is important .

Following the same example , we can find the concept of `` breathing '' then we get all the idea we mentioned above .
With that information we can reach a fact : Air is needed to live .

Another reason why ideas and concepts are better than only facts .
With the first I mentioned we can find out more information than with facts .
Thanks to the concepts , we can understand the way things are , the way why the sky is blue , why our blood is red , how is it that the light is reflected , etc ..

Facts let us know things someone else , thanks to investigation , concepts and ideas discovered .
Someone may say `` What 's so wrong about it ? ''
If we are not motivated to investigate , to satisfy our necessity of knowing , we will only take the `` free samples '' we recieve from facts .
Besides , if we cook our ideas , and bake our spicy concepts then we can find a complete menu of knowlage .
Free to whoever who wants to try it .
And once you try it , you are going to look for it .
It is better to cook thant just to but a pack of cookies .

To make my point clear , with facts we do n't reall y get to investigate or to make a research about things .
But with ideas and concepts we can create our facts , thanks to the information we looked for .
And that is why I disagree with the statement on the first line .
Successful people are often those who try new things and take risks rather than doing what they already know how to do well but not always .
One the one hand , I think that trying new things can help someone succeded .
Successful people are people who try to inovate and to make discoveries .
For example , one of the most successful man of the last years is Bill Gates .
It is because he has tried new things and he has found a new way of making computers that he is now one of the most powerfull man in the world .

An other example of a man who have succeded by taking risks and trying new things is Henry Ford .
He improved the way of working by introducing machines in warehouses and chain working in order to be more efficient .
This new model has been imitated by a lot of firms because it was a good model .

But on the other hand , people who do what they already know how to do well can also succeed .
For example , a person who would like to create a firm can create it by using all the technics and the theories that he already knowns .
If he knows how to use them very well its firm can be a real success without improving the way that already exist to built a firm .

An artist can also be very succefull by painting very well for example that is to do well what he knows to do .
According to all these argumemts , I agree to say that successful people are those who try new things and take risks .
I think that people who only do what they already know how to do well can only have minor success .
Because you can succeed by doing what you know to do well but the success wo n't have the same repercution in the history .
The succes that evrybody remembers are success linked to risks or innovations .
I disagree with the statment that in twenty years will be a fewer cars in use than today .
Cars are important now for humanity and they will be important till we find something more effective to bring us or our goods from A to B , but that will not happen in the next twenty years .
Cars are also important to people because they mean freedom .
With my car I am able to get to every point in the world it makes me mobile and more available to the world .
In the next twenty years the population an earth will increase .
More people also means there will be a bigger need for cars .
People will ask for them because they are available and companys are going to satisfy this needs in matter to make profit .
They statment could be formed by the fact that our fossile resources are getting less but I am sure mankind will find a solution for this problem .
Companys already started to test optional resources instead of the tradional ones .
If our fossile resources are empty we will just switch to another one so that is not a point why there should be less cars in twenty years .

Another fact why i think we will not see less cars in the twenty years is the reason we need cars .
We need them to bring goods to the destination we need them .
Our hunger for resources like water and food will increase in twenty years because we gonna be more people on this planet .
Since we live in cities and not on farms anymore this resources need to come to us .
We have to transport them from there origion to there destination .
Cars are the best solution for this problem because the are the cheapest solution to solve this problem so far and I am sure that will not change in the next twenty years .

I disagree with the statment there will be fewer cars in twenty years because we need cars to satisfy our need on resources on the fastest and profitablest way we can .
Also I am sure we wound see less cars because we dont wanna give them up cars give us the feeling of being free and people do not want to lose this feeling .
In my opinion , success is mainly the result of realized chances and opportunities .
As a consequence , I agree with the issued statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

I do acknowledge that there may be situations in which it may prove better to stick to what you are used to do .
In the course of a sports examination , for example , it may not be too wise to try an entirely new way of jumping across a hurdle .

However , even in a situation like this the basic fact remains valid that without taking some risk you may miss your chances .
In my example this means that this one different jump might just have been the one your teacher wanted to see .

Apart from that , I believe that you ca n't make any progress if you stay persistently at the same level .
And always doing what you know how to well already does n't mean anything else but precisely this remaining static and without progress .
In order to be successful , it is , in my opinion , essential that you make some progress .
For usually success is connected with some achievement .
This is just another reason why I agree with the issued statement .

However , the most important reason , why I affirm this statement , is that chances may appear suddenly .
And as I have explained prior to this , I consider taking and realizing your chances to be of fundamental importance for success .
If you always pondered about whether to seize an opprtunity or not , it would probably be gone before you came to a decision .
It is often impossible to realize your chances with an absolute certainty that everything will turn out all right .
Consequently , there always is a risk in realizing them .
And if you are not willing to take this risk and instead stick to what you know to do well already , you may very likely miss a chance to be successful .
I agree in part with the statement that It is better to have broad knowledge on many academic subjects than having speciality only in one specific subject .
I give my views and opinions to my decision .

Firstly , having broad knowledge in every field of academics is essential to know the different aspects of our day to day life .
Like having a knowledge about Biology is essential even to a Mathematician in his daily life .
Silmilarly , having knowledge about Buisiness , Art , Technologhy is also essential to him .
These apply to all the fields of people , a Botanist or Zoologist needs maths for his statistical analysis and Geography to study the distribution of life .
A Buisinessman should be aware of the Software programs to use in his Buisiness life .
A Software Engineer also requires knowledge regarding changing costs and about the finances .
On the contrary spending so much of time in studying all the fields makes his time less to master his own subject .
Society needs specialists in every field of academics from Doctors , Engineers and in every field of life .
Taking example of a Doctor , he needs to study all the subjects in medicine to a basic extent .
Later if he specialises in a particular subject like Cardiology , Pediatrics or Gyneacology .
He should have awareness of the complaints and diseases all kinds of people suffer from .
Because if a women comes to a see a Cardiologist and he finds she also has a Gynaecological problem he should immediately refer her to a Gynaecologist .
This shows the respect and smartness of a Doctor in dealing her overall health status .
But he is a specialist and he can correct her cardiac problem alone which a nonspecialist doctor could not do .

So specialisation is required in every academic subject to show maximum results of the study and master the field one is in .
On the other hand basic knowledge about all the other subjects should be incured in every individual which is required in this current era .
In my opinion I do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people .
Just because people are getting older does not specifically mean that they can not enjoy their life anymore .

One reason why I think that young people do not enjoy their life more than older people is that old people have worked a longer period of time .
Therefore they earned more money and could save also more money .
This means with the proportion of more money they earned in the past years they are able to buy more things .
Money is very important in our society and without it you are not able to enjoy life and all the aspects of it .
with more money ones has the possibility to do more , therefore to enjoy more .
For example they can travel to countries they have never seen before or they go more often in restaurants to enjoy nice delicious food or some people are more materialistic and they enjoy to drive an expansive car .

Another reason that I do not believe that younger people enjoy life more is because I think it is that the quality of enjoyment changed .
Young people may get very excited about a rock concert , while older people do not like this way of entertainment anymore , because its loud and crowded .
But on the other hand this older people may enjoy their time in a beautiful botanic garden or they could look at a sunset for hours .
Which on the other hand is not very interesting for young people .

A third reason why I think that old people can enjoy their life as good as young once or maybe even better , but definetly not less , is that when people become older they have already set up a family and the structure is well developed and the children are often already adults and thererfor they do not need a lot of care and attention , because they are able to live on their own feets .

The older people can enjoy their life without worrying about the childrens health status or school performance .
While young people may just start to build their own families and they have their fiirst children and all the accompanied stress with this situation .
Therfore they do not have quality time which they could spend on enjoyable things , because they are busy with other things .

In general I really do not think that young people enjoy their lifes more .
I do not believe , because I am getting older too and I always enjoyed my life .
There were different phases I did enjoy it maybe a little bit more then on other times , but this was independent of my own age .
I think the main part is that the point of view changed and therefore also the personal interest .
Activities or even materialistic things things which seemed to me enjoyable when I was young , does not seem anymore that interesting to me .
This has been exchanged by other things which are now more enjoyable then they have been in the past .
If you were to ask me whether young people nowaday give enough time to helping their communities , my answer would be definitely be a solid `` No '' .
At least it is the case for the young people of my country Taiwan .

There are two reasons why I feel that young people in Taiwan are not spending enough time in helping communities .
First , times have changed , the environment and the behavior of people have changed .
In comparison with the times when there are many children in a family , most families now have only one child .
His or her parents spend a lot of money and a lot of time providing his or her needs .
Most of the young people in Taiwan are being spoiled by their parents .
The young people , therefore , are selfish and inconsiderate .
They do n't feel it 's necessary to help the needy in their communities because they do n't think there are people that need to be helped .
It 's quite pathetic and sad , but it 's true .
How would they spend time helping in the communities when they do n't think there 's a need to it ?

The second reason why I do n't think young people give enough time to helping their communities is because there simply is n't time for them to do it !
Even if they want to help out , they do n't have time to do it !
Nowadays , young students have to learn a variety of things in school .
Aside from basic subjects like math , history and English , they have to perform well in other subjects like music and arts .
Students often go cram schools to learn their art and music skills after school .
When they get home , it 's usually around nine or ten o'clock .
Some teens even have to go to cram school on the weekends in order to get into better high school or universities .
Their schedules are already filled with subjects they need to handle in school , how can they have time to help out in the communities ?

The two reasons I mentioned why young people do n't spend enough time helping their communities are fair and true .
It is really a sad thing to point out , and I truly hope this situation will change in the near future .
Young people helping in communities is something that 's important and meaningful ; it would be a pity if no one helps out in the community .
The topic at hand is whether it is better , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or detailed and specialized knowledge of one particular subject .
I feel that depending upon the scope of application of the knowledge of a person , the requirement can be broad or specific .
The reasons are as follows :

Certain professions for example that of a medical practitioner , requires him to have a broad based knowledge of the human body , the interliks between various parts and what effects a medicine for a particular disease could have on any otherbody part .

Software professionals on the other hand donot necessarily need to have broad based knowledge of the functioning of the computer or its parts .
For them a specialization in programming languages , web page designing etc is what is required .
Basically it is the application of the knowledge and using innovations that is important .
For the case of a doctor , the more he knows the better he applies the overall knowledge .

Then teachers of physical sciences for example need to have proper knowledge of subjects like physics , chemistry , mathematics , so that they are able to impart knowledge in a comprehensive way to the students and not poder over the doubts of the students .
A chemist or a molecular bilogist needs to have specialized knowledge on the specific fields , but less of other academic disciplines .

Students on the other hand need to have broad based knowledge upto a certain level of educaton wherein all those subjects are addressed to which may find application , though not in great detail ahead in his proffessional career or practical life .
After a certain level it depends upon the career path of the student , whether he chooses to specialize on a subject or increase his range of broad based knowledge .
Due to the endless ken of knowledge that could be accumulated , the nature of knowledge that could be possessed really depends upon the task at hand , the purpose for which it is required .
I agree with the prompt .
Young people do enjoy life more than the older ones do .
It is only at a young age that one 's mind is jostling with innovative , imaginative and creative ideas .
A young person is jostling with curiosity to plunge into the outside world and explore the various mysteries it holds .
All the zest to explore life gradually fades away with old age .

Here is an example .
When you ask a teen about what he or she would like to do in life , you would get an answer right away that would sound something like , `` oh !
I want to be successful in what ever that i do ! ...
And have a lot of fun doing that ! ''
.

On asking the same question to an adult , say a middle aged one , can you imagine such an energitic and zealous reply ?
Well , at least I cannot .
At the most , it would be something like , `` I need to get all my insurances settled '' .

From this we can infer that with old age , our attitude towards life begins to change .
One starts to forget that life is something that comes only once and it needs to be lived to the fullest .
And with that I mean , the zeal to face the challeges that come up in life should prevail , whatsoever .

Also , the saying `` ignorance is bliss '' would hold true for a young person ( if taken in the right context , that is ) .
A young person need not worry about the complexities of shares and insurance policies and all the material worries that are ought to haunt them in their old age .
All that would ( and should ) matter in youth would be a positive approach towards life and the zeal to do something good for the society , the willingness to contribute to making the world a better place to live in .
Well , yes , that is the only time that one woud get the time to do good things for the world , like joining an animal welfare association , or helping organisations that work to do some good for the society .

All these factors sum up to one conclusion .
Life can be enjoyed greatly only in young age .
In whatever lesson , we learn ideas , concepts and facts .
Ideas present the topic and facts are an application of these ideas .
I think it 's more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it 's for them to learn facts .

The way to understand well a lesson is , first of all , to understand ideas and concepts and then , understand facts .
It 's not reversible .
For example , in history class about World War One , you have to understand why this war took place and why all the countries were involved in this fight before learning facts : battles , events , great names , famous days ...
Another example happens in mathematics class , you see that a theorem can be applied to particular cases but you should have understod before all the concepts which are used in the theorem .

Secondly , I think that , in a lesson , ideas and concepts are more significant than simple facts .
Indeed , facts are just applications of ideas .
I mean that without ideas and concepts , you ca n't totaly understand a lesson .
You can partially , of course , but it 's not the same .
I ca n't really explain it but you feel differently when you 've understood all .
I feel kind of victorious when all is clear in my head .
You ca n't get all the details explained if you 've just learnt facts because they are not enough to get to the heart of a topic .

At last , what is the point of a lecture or a lesson if you just remember facts ?
Facts ca n't exist without ideas or concepts whereas ideas and concepts do n't have to be related to facts to exist .
I know it sounds weird but some fields of knowledge such as metaphysics do n't really have any applications .
However , they exist .
Besides , we always can extract an idea from a fact , whereas the opposite is n't as easy as we think .

For all these reasons , I think that students should understand ideas and concepts before learning facts .
Science-fiction movies depict a future , where there are no cars in the streets because it is subsituted by teleportation .
Although it is mere fantasy and a funny expectation at the moment , some people think that cars will vanish or their numbers will be reduced in twenty years .
I do not agree with this statement partly because cars have become a part of our daily life .
More importantly they have become a part of our modern life .
Mobility is an important feature in today 's world since it offers escape from our daily routine , which is essential for refueling energy to ourselves to continue living .
Another reason is due to the market large corporations have at the present and they will not be willing to lose this market .

The first aspect why cars will not become unpopular in near future is due to their strong impact in our lives .
In this modern day , we do everything using cars : we drop and get our children from school using cars , we go out to entertain ourselves with our cars .
With the movement to the suburbs , we need to go to the shopping mall and get our weekly needs .
Other than that , families in suburbs are usually isolated , and their only escape is gained through going out with their cars .
In city life , we have to use cars too due to the fact that city has a fast life and we have to adapt to it .

Another point regarding cars is that they offer us an escape from the daily routine , which is something we need for continuing working .
Some might argue that we already spend time in cars in our daily routine .
However , a car and an open road is usually associated with freedom and escape .
In today 's world , leaving our daily routine for a few days is considered as a way to feel ourselves comfortable and relaxed : we go on vacations using our cars or go for a picnic at the weekends .
As in seen in the movie Thelma and Louise , where two women go away from their houses for the weekend for a change since this is neccessary to go on living .

The market car producers have at the moment is another aspect why cars will not be outnumbered by other vehicles .
Since there is a big market for producers to sell their cars to consumers , producers will find a way to keep cars popular .
To examplify , in the city - Ankara where I have been living since I was born , there have been a great increase in the number new of cars in the traffic .
This fact that I notice everydays shows that cars have not lost their popularity .
On the contrary , more cars have been sold in the last few years than in earlier times .
This is partly because car producers are conforming to today 's needs by changing the outlook of the cars .
In other words , they will not lose popularity , but the way they work will change .

Some people believe that there will be less cars than there are today in twenty years .
I do not agree with this statement because cars have become a part of our daily modern lives , and we do every little thing using them .
Additionally , cars function as an escape from the daily routine of life to the people , who are exhausted in their daily lives and in need of energy .
Moreover , car producers have a big market of consumers , which is something that producers will never want to lose .
I disagree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
The advantage is that when going on a trip , you are not familiar with the place , so being led by a tour guide is better than going around the place by yourself and getting lost .
The disadvantage is that you ca n't choose which place to go to , you also have to wake up very early and get prepared for the journey you are having that day .

Last year , I went to Guilin , which is in China .
My family hired a tour guide .
I remember that we had to wake up at 7am and had to be ready by 7:30am .
We went around the city and my legs were very sore by the time we returned to the hotel .
The tour guide was not really friendly and my family was not pleased with her .
We also had to go in a group , which was not such a pleasant experience .
There was another family who was always late for arrivals .
And everybody was displeased with them .

Another experience was that a few years ago in Malaysia , my mother also hired a tour guide .
The tour guide was very greedy and not very polite .
On another trip to Bangkok , we did not hire a tour guide and we went around Bangkok by ourselves .
I think that my family and I had a much more delightful holiday and we had a lot of fun there .

In my opinion , I think that hiring a tour guide is not as good as going around by yourself .
Though you may not know the place very well , you can always ask the local people who live there , I am sure at least one of them is willing to tell you the directions of the place .
Tour guides may not be very professional and their manners may not be that polite .
So I disagree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I agree with the statement on the idea that the best way to travel is when one is guided by someone that knows the place .
Nevertheless , I disagree with it when it says that it necessaryly has to be with a group led by a tour guide .
My personal opinion is that traveling by one 's own sometimes can be a disaster , so I think that being guided is a good point .
On the other hand , I think that travel groups of people that does not know each others are not a good combination .
I will describe arguments supporting it as well as I will refute travel groups .

First of all , I would like to stress the imporatance of knowing the place that one plans to visit .
People usually visit large cities where there are a huge variety of museums , atractions or bars .
I strongly believe that it is almost impossible that one person can know such a big city without having lived there for a long period .
Therefore , it does not make sense to visit a city that you already know .
What I mean with this reasonement is that a group of travelers need a guide to completely take advantage of some place .
In my personal opinion , the more one knows the person that has to guide , the more confortable and enjoying a travel could be .
I also know that there are many travel guide books , some of them really complete ; however , I still think that knowing the best of a place is something that hardly can be learnt reading from a book .

The second argue that I said I would describe is why I think that travel groups are not the most suitable choice .
A travel is something that people does no usually do very often , it can be due to lack of money or free time .
This fact inmediately makes a travel be something to enjoy and not a rutine at all .
I find that sometimes travel groups , even more when they have a extrict schedual , do not allow you the necessary freedom to enjoy vacations .
People usually have very stressed lives and the last thing one needs on vacation is to be more stressed with more scheduals and compulsory tasks .
In addition , I find that traveling with a big group of unknown persons is not as confortable and satisfactory as traveling only with friends , couple or family .

These are the two main reason because I partly agree and disagree with the statement .
To sum up , I would like to stress the importance of traveling with someone guiding ; and how unsuitable I find doing it with a group .
I do agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

To learn facts is a tempory solution to a problem while if you understand the ideas and concepts of the problem you can rember it for a life time .
Students who have command over the ideas and concepts of a particular subject perform well in the exams that students with mere information of facts .

By learning facts you can just have one method of solution to a particular problem while if you understand the ideas and concepts you can apply your own knowledge to the situation and may come out with an different way of solution .
Not only this but also if you are through with the ideas and concepts of one situation you can even try to apply them to a different situation .
Text books also support that understanding ideas and concepts is mor e important for students .
Books give examples to various laws , theories and other statement .
Of these examples most af them relate to day to day life so that it is easier for the student to make his own experimentation with what he has understood .

The importance of understanding and conceptualization can be explained by , for example , learn to drive a car .
You go to a driving school and you learn to drive a car .
You can drive the car now but you would do it much better if you have proper understanding of how a car works .
If you learn the basic or very simple concepts of car mechnics you can do your driving much better .
It can also help you when you have breakdowns

Though understanding and conceptualizing is time taking it is worth spending time on such long lasting method whose impact is much stronger on students learning .
The statment shown uses a perspective which shows that most products display the beasr features an item should have , so when the items displays a lesser capacity , the client that purchesed the item has complaints about it and complains with both the company he bought it from along with the advertizement which influenced the purchess .

This is not the way it should be , since the only objective of an advertisement has is to make the connection between the client and the seller .
What happens in an advertisement process is : A seller comes to the advertisement agency and hires the agensy to communicate a new product on the market .
the Agency then takes a look at the product and makes an analisis on which demografic is most sutible to benefit fron this pruduct , the agency then makes an advertisment campaign that best suits the product and releasesit to the apropiate media .
This is what people see when discussing advertizement and categorize it as a form of manipulation , but bare in mind , no advertizment forces a customet to purches a product .
No one forces a customer out of ther homes and thretens to kill their children if they dont buy the pruduct .
They just display the item and tel people what it dose in a way the client might understand .

If an item does not live up to the expectation the client had of it , its simply because the client expected too much out of the item .
The ad agency is not responsible for a clients expectations .
theyr only obligation is to simply take the information the sellers give them and use that information to represent the product .

To sumarize this , Ad Agencies only reflect the informat a seller provides about an product , and the client is the one responsible of deciding if the product suts their need .
Defects and other such problems should go directly to either the theller or manufactorer of said product .
In the today 's materialistic world everybody strives for success .
But what exactly is it that makes some people successful and some not ?
There are beliefs that certain characteristic traits , such as innovativenes and the willingness of taking risks are responsable for being successful .
In the following I will outline to which extent those beliefs are right in my personal opinion .

There are a lot of business people who are a living example for the above mentioned statement .
Bill Gates , for example , would not be the richest man on earth , if he had not have a good idea , which means he thought innovatively and if he had not be willing to take the risk that naturally arises when starting a new business .

People who are willing to take risks do not fear the consequences of their action which makes them less careful .
That is favourable because carefulness is not always helpful when , for example establishing a new business .
Everybody knows you need to risk in order to gain .

This can also be seen when watching the stock market .
There are different assets one can invet in : riskier ones and safer ones .
The riskier ones promise a higher return in exchange for the higher risk .
The other ones are safer but the outcome will be less .
So people act according to their attitude to risk .

Trying new things is also very important , I think .
You can seldom be successful when only copying someone or something else .
You have to come up with something new , something unique , for example a totally new product , to be successful .
The company `` Jamba '' would be a good example here .
Ten years ago nobody could imagine that you can make a fortune when selling ringtones for cellphones .
Jamba tried this and introduced a totally new thing to the market and obviously the company still is very successful .

However , I think that trying new things and being risky is only determinant for success to some extent .
Once a person had a great initial idea , as for a new product , the person should carefully plan the commerzialisation of it .
That means market potential should be estimated , production should be adjusted accordingly and prices and teh scope of advertising has to be determined .
If one acts too risky in those fields of action , a misclaculation is easily possible which could lead to a failure of the whole thing .

Thus , in conclusion , I would state that a certain degree of risky behaviour and innovative thinking will be very beneficial when striving for success .
Nonetheless , one should always stay focused and take all the external effects into account that can affect his or her way to success because the highest risk can sometimes also bring the highest loss .
It is an undeniable fact that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are so many reasons that influence their point of view about life ; their social environment affect their life and they have so much energy and time .

It can be said that young people generally attend the school and they have an environment in the school ; in other words , they have so many friends .
Therefore , they can go to the cinema or theatre together and also , they can just sit in a cafe ; however , old people do not have an opportunity for these activities .
These small things make young people happy and enthusiastic about the life ; that is to say , they do not become pessimistic about life .
Moreover , they can come together and play a game such as taboo or scrabble ; on the other hand , you cannot see old people while playing such games .

Another issue is that young people have so much energy ; therefore , they choose some sports in order to spend their energy .
For instance , they do extreme sports such as bungee-jumping .
Can you think that most of the old people can do such a sport ?

Finally , time can be considered as an important reason for young people in order to enjoy the life .
Older people have to work most of the time and they do not have so much time for entertainment .
They can get bored from working but , they do not any time for having a rest .
In contrast , young people can spare their time for enterteinment .
They have a certain school schedule , but they are free after the school .
They do not have to consider the director or manager like old people do .

For all of these reasons , it can be indicated that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Their social life their energy and time make them enjoy the life .
In a modern society , people always face the dilemma of whether having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than having specialized knowledge in one specific subject .
This question is such a much-debated one that it affects almost everyone in his or her daily life and deserves some close examinations .
As far as I am concerned , I vote for the former , which means I do agree with this statement .
Among various reasons that support my choice stance is that having broad knowledge can make you more attractive , can provide more oppotunities for you career , and can make your life more interesting .

Basic to any understanding of reason preferring having broad knowledge is that it can make you more attractive .
If you are knowledgeable in many academic subjects , you can share more information with your friends and people arrounding you .
For instance , I have a friend who has deep understanding in many fields , such as history , mathematics , music , and even cooking .
I like talking to him , because I can learn much from him .
That 's why , in my opinion , broad knowledge can make one attractive .

Moreover , having broad knowledge can provide more oppotunities for you career .
You have more choices .
A persuasive example is that one of classmates has got an exellent job besides her major .
She has both strong knowledge in both industrial engineering , which is her major , and software designing .
Eventually , she got the job as a programmer , which provides a decent salary .
We are all admire her now .
Therefore , if you have broad knowledge , you have more oppotunities for you career .
Furthermore , you can live better based on the broad knowledge .

Besides , the further reason , not the last , why argee with this statement is that it can make your life more interesting .
In fact , my father is just the person who has broad knowledge .
In his spare time , he play tennis , translate Germany literatures , and design mechanical equipment .
His life is colorful .
As a proverb says , `` Various knowledage can make a person rich . ''
In today 's world , having broad knowledge does give you incredible experiences and make you a rich mind person .
It is obviously that only these three reasons can make everyone draw the conclusion that , not to mention there are more reasons that account for my propensity for it .

In summary , from what we have discussed above , we can safely come to the conclusion that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects and I agree with this statement .
Anyway , it is confined to me ; different persons may have different choices accroding to their own personalities and fondness .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do for various reasons .

First of all , many young people today are under so much pressure , that they often do not find time to just `` enjoy life '' but have to study or work hard to compete with many others their age to get a satisfactory job or a place at a good university which they want to attend .
Elderly people , on the contrary , especially if they are already retired , are much more free to enjoy their time .

As a psychological research has shown , people experience a shift in values during their lifetime .
While younger people are still very much keen on achieving material richness and tend to compare themselves much more with others , older people seem to put more emphasis on emotionally closely-knitt relationships and value material goods less than young persons do .
Hence , one could assume that elderly people do n't experience as much social pressure from society than youngsters .
The high rate of suicides among young people would also speak against the assumption , that young people in general enjoy life more than older people do .

However , I also do not believe that older people generally have a more joyous life than the younger generation .
They face different challenges : While young people might experience greater mental stress , older people most probably have to conquer more physical stress , often in the form of serious diseases .

As an open question in the end I would like to ask whether it is at all possible to determine the level of a person 's enjoyment from an outside perspective ! ?
As a high school student , I am often pretty upset and even a little irritated of the generally misconception of the young generation has become more selfish if compared with the previous generation .
That is , frenquently heard from adults that young people have no contribution to others and even the communities they belong to .

That is completely wrong !
Take my school for instance , we do care about our communities and in fact spend plenty of time to do all kinds of voluntary works in out communities .
Almost every weekend , students from different grades gather together in front of our school at seven in the morning .
You may be quite curious what we are going to do ?
It 's saturday !
Students then be divided into several groups by teachers and after that , it 's time for us start our mission .
Actually , we are assigned different jobs to do every weekend ; sometimes we clean the streets which we do most frequently ; sometimes we visit some charities in the community to do voluntary jobs for them ; sometimes we clean the park , located next to our school ; sometimes we hold band performances as entertainment for people in the community who have no idea what to do on the weekends .
Sounds interesting and tempting ?
Absolutely .

Stuents at my school are encouraged to join these activities because our teschers stress that school is n't the only place for learning .
To tell the truth , this is excatly what I think and the most important reason encouraging me to give up my holidays .
I still remember clearly once we were to visit kids with similar ages with us but suffer from mental illness or other disabilities .
I was quite afraid because I thought they might be scary in both appearances and behaviors .
But what I had seen was their most sincere smiles and enthusiaism to make friends with each us .
From then , I started to visit them frenquently with some books and clothes as gifts for them .
I come to realize there is never a border between people , once I 've decide to open my mind to accept and respect .

These activities held by schools to encourage students to get involved in their communitues are n't unheard form other shcools and other parts of my country .
Young people are n't careless about involving and helping others in thier communities but rather entusiaistic and willing to help , once we know how to step out our first step .
I do not subscribe to the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts .
Students should be more focussed on getting the facts right as facts hold them are unalterable and are bound to hold them good in long stead .
What may seem a great idea to one person may be perceived as unfeasible and dismissed by another idea from person who has taken a different approach .

Ideas can be whimsical and outlandish .
They can even range from bizzare to plain absurd .
It is here that facts stop whimsical ideas to take flight and cause unnecessary wastage of time and effort by a team of creators .

Let me quote a recent example .
Donald Trump , the real estate mogul from New York , mooted the idea of the new season of hit TV series , The Apprentice on racial lines .
The contest was previously held between university graduates and non degree holders .
For the latest season he came up with the idea of the contest taking place between colored and white people .
The idea , before it could shape up further , drew huge criticism and widespread uproar among the society as to how come racism form the basis of a tv show that is essentially a recruitment process which is broadcast all over the country and abroad forcing Trump to abandon the idea and issue an apology .

This idea would never have been come up , if Donald Trump had acquainted himself with the fact , that anything remotely racist would be condemned widespread as racism in any form is still a sensitive issue .

This is not to say that ideas and concepts should be trashed away completely .
They should be allowed to prosper only after the facts have been taken into account .
Facts form the basis of ideas and concepts and unless a student has got his facts in place , he will not be able to come up with original and progressive ideas .
A building cannot be stable when the very foundation of it is weak and infirm .
The young and the old each live their lives under a different perspective .
As a result , it wo n't be right to say that one enjoys their lives more than the other does .
However , if I were to dare express my opinion on who were the happier , I would , without a doubt , choose the young as being happier .

Firstly , the young are yet free from the world 's grasp .
Unlike their parents and their relatives , who have already gone through or are still going through the hardship and the harshness of the world , they are like sheets of blank papers waiting to be used .
Of course , being as pure as snow also means that they are at a vulnerable stage where they may get corrupted with a single wrong decision , but most of the time , only the minority suffers this misfortune .

Secondly , the young have time that the old once used to have but now lack of .
In fact , the young have plenty of time to be used ; depending on how it is used , their future would change .
However , they should n't be just concerned about their future , especially when the current world have so much to offer for them .
For example , they can enjoy listening to MP3s and download music from the Internet .
Moreover , they have shopping malls to socialize with their peers .
Such innovations used to be unimaginable and ludicrous to some of the old , back when they were young , but now these brilliant inventions have been created , it is up to the young to enjoy what they have .

In conclusion , the young enjoy their lives more than the old do theirs .
Being young means that they have a lot of lessons that they have to learn and a lot of obstacles to go through , but then they show the great potential to blossom into full flowers .
Having time to learn all they need and to enjoy their lives , the young rarely have much to watch out for .
They also benefit from the innovations of the current world and they are not hesitant to experience them and familiarize themselves with new experiences .
Truly , all it would take for the young to grow into the old who can enjoy their lives would be the right mind to make right decisions so that they are successful in every endeavor that they go through .
I believe older people enjoy their lives as much as young people do .
Even though many people consider energetic and passionate young people tend to enjoy their lives much more than older people , I can see many old people who love their lives and are content with their current lives with great happiness in tranquil peace .
My grandparents , for example , enjoy their days and make themselves busy through participating in voluntary works and travels .

My grandparents retired three years ago from their workplaces .
After quitting their jobs , they tried to find new voluntary works in order to keep themselves busy and enrich their lives .
As a volunteer at a local hospital , my grandmother worked to help people to get direction because the big hospital has a quite complex structure .
Meeting new people and kindly helping strangers to the hospital are her jobs , and she really enjoys doing it .
My grandfather , on the other hand , found a voluntary position at a local thrift store .
He rearranges new coming donation goods and helps the workers at the share-thrift store .
Since many people use the store , he is busy and he told me he wanted to share his ability to work with the society where he belong to .

Last summer , my grandparents took a trip to Egypt .
Since they had already retired , they were free from the duties from their workplaces and able to arrange their dates without any concerns .
Now they can fully enjoy their trips .
My grandparents were eager to visit one of the ancient civilization places , Egypt , and experience the exotic landscapes and trees in the Middle East .
They showed me their pictures in front of pyramids with excitements on their faces .
They rode cammels in the middle of the bleak desert , and met Egyptian people !
They are planning to take a trip to Thailand next summer and I can read the excitements on their faces .

Young people 's life can be full of new adventures and challenges in business , while old people 's life is peaceful and graceful , which is free from any hurry or heavy responsibilities .
My grandparents told me they could enjoy and realize their true value of life through getting involved in their community without profits .
When they were young , they did not know something meaningful in their lives because they were too busy working to earn money .
But they told me they were enjoying their lives more than when they were young .
While I was watching their happy faces and contentments , I believe old people enjoy their lives even more than young people do .
Survival in the fast moving technological era in today 's world has become a ` Rat Race ' .
Charles Darwin 's theory of ` Survival of the Fittest ' is applied to its maximum in today 's life style .

Man feels that - the more work that a person manages to do , the more he earns , the more he earns , the more his status in society rises .
I strongly agree with the author 's opinion .

The younger generation is pushed into this concept unknowingly .
They are forced from many sides to accept this strategy and to work accordingly .
Thus the young minds are manipulated into accepting things as they are and thus small pleasures of the world are soon forgotten .
Their minds adapt to this very fast and adhere to it too strongly .

Thus they donot find time to contribute and pay back to the very society that led to their success .
There are many reasons for this .
Firstly , the ever demanding nature of trying to prove their mettle in becoming successful leave little time for the young to think about anything else .
The madness of survival has even led to break up of the previously large families into atomic families .
It has led to a mechanical or robotic state of mind where emotions , responsibilites , feelings , leisure have no place in one 's dictionary .

Secondly , as the generations have passed the sense of responsiblity and concern for others has been dwindling down .
It has become an egocentric world where everyone cares only for his well-being and his kith and kin .
Nolonger does anyone feel their duty towards the society and community that has brought them and made them what they are .

Thirdly , there are also situations were young people neither work for themselves nor for their society .
They are a different class of people who lack any moral sense of values and a purpose in life altogether .
Such people need counselling in order to get back on the track of living life purposefully .

This problem can be solved only by increasing the feeling of committment towards the society steadily since childhood .
Meeting elders , interacting with them , growing up among many children instil a sense of sharing and concern for others that will be carried on the later life .
One of the most important things of all is being able to set aside time in any situation , any circumstance to give back to their community by organising welfare projects , adopting those who are less privileged and providing for the needy are various ways of not only helping the community but also to attain a sense of completeness .
Success depends on how how you picture it , that depends on how the person feels with their own lives .
I really think that taking risks will lead you into a successful pathway , because you will find a new way of picturing things , also more acertiveness and a pretty happy life .

First , having a Perfect career is not an easy thing .
So you had a previous plan , but nothing result as you originally have planned , but suddenly you have found a bright idea , it was about finding the same career that you want it so bad but with other ways that you can go through that , so many succesful people never have a closed mind .
They are open minded and have positive ideas about changes in life .

Other thing which is pretty important to succeed in life is acertiveness .
People always make a desicion in some part of their lives .
And sometimes they think that one tiny mistake or errors , will be crucial on their lives .
Such as Doctors who have to deal everyday with the right diagnosis and treatment of their patients , another example would be if you marry someone , moreover , when you pick your favorite music and food , and so on .
Making desicion is pretty important .

Finally , If you become a successful person , you will enjoy your life as much as possible , Life is beautiful in many ways , we have to know how and when to use the right tools .
What i strongly believe in taking risks will give you an opportunity to change and there is actually a saying in Venezuela `` El que no arriesga , no gana '' that means , `` The one that do n't risk , wo n't win '' .

In summary , Success is interpreted as many ways as possible .
There are many ways that can lead us to the right door of life , but that only depends on How you want it to happen , and how you can choose between two possible answer and how you conceive the word of happiness .
I am of the view that the number of cars which will be employed in tewnty years from now will be lesser than the amount present on our roads today .

Global fuel price inflation has reached an all time high .
The prices of transport fuels have become exorbidant .
Buying a car will no longer be a provident option .
This inflation will only compound in the next twenty years and hence the idea of buying a car to the common man will no longer be an attractive option .

The environment is decaying by the minute .
People have begun to realize this threatening trend and are inclined towards a more environment friendly existance .
Cars , with the pollution they emanate do not help the environment at all .
With growing awareness , people will recognize ths danger and abstain from buying cars which are sources of great air pollution .

The world 's poplutaion has increased rapidly and will continue to increse over the next twenty years .
Unfortunately , the size of the earth will remain the same .
Thus , traffic congestion will be a major problem and a hurdle in years to come .

The only prudent method to tackle this problem will be to introduce effective public transport systems .
People will prefer to take the bus or the subway rather than having to wait for painfully long periods of time on the road while commuting .
This will therefore lead to a dwindling in the number of cars being purchased .

The cost of raw materials needed to contruct a car has also risen alarmingly and will continue to do so in the next few decades .
For example , metal prices have soared and metal forms an integral part of the cars body .
This will lead to a hike in the car prices ..
Manufacturers will have to increase their prices to accomodate the high cost of raw materials .
The high prices of cars will discourage common people from buying a car .
This is also one of the reasons why people will refrain from buying a costly commodity .

In view of all the above reasons and illustrations , I feel that they will be fewer cars being driven in twenty years from now .
I strongly believe that the ability for students to grasp concepts is of the utmost importance .
My belief is based on three main reasons , that are further developed below :

First of all , learning concepts and ideas allow students to understand the core of a scientific explanation , of a general idea .
While simple facts are more likely to change frequently over time , concepts and ideas tend to remain the same for tens , even hundreds of years .
Even though some main ideas can be contested , their understanding remains vital to the comprehension of current debates in a field of study .
It also allows the student to better understand ( and remember ! )
subsequent facts .
For instance , a Biology student has to be familiar with Darwin 's theory of species variation in order to understand the spectacular survival of a special type of bird .

Secondly , I feel that students , especially post-graduate students and-or research assistants , are often invited to juggle ideas themselves , to come up with an opinion of a specific notion or idea .
Being familiar with a general frame of reference helps them develop their own critics and makes them free thinkers !

I could also argue that there are plenty of ways to learn facts ( for instance , watching a news bulletin , reading books and articles , or doing a research on the web ) .
However , it is a known fact that concepts and ideas can be more efficiently grasped in universities ( or other academic institutions , for that matter ) , where the structure is designed to help students develop and perfect their ` mental framework ' .

In conclusion , I would repeat my belief that it is crucial that students be introduced to abstract concepts as the main focus of their studies .
Nonetheless , I feel that facts do have a place in an academic environment , in that this type of ` concrete ' knowledge can help students better apprehend the different conceptual ideas .
The idea that people who takes risks have more opportunities to succed rather than people who do n't , is a concept that is gaining more and more attention in modern society .
In most of the cases , people who experiment wiht new things can prduce a massive effect in society , creatting a whole new paradigm .
This idea can helps us not only to apreaciate the individual talent of some mebers of a group , but it also can be understand as a synonim of progress .

Nowadays , there are many examples that reflects how succesfull people usually takes more risks .
In the last three edditions of `` Harvard Bussines Review '' , the main articles defined inovation and intuition as a synonim of succes .
They also pointed a big list of bussines men who were able to reinvented their own companmies , trying different things and avoiding `` what they allready now how to do well '' .
Althoug for many people this can be a safe way to run a bussines , I belive that if a company or organization is not able to push its own limits and see what others ca n't see , the pressure of the model will make it dissapear .

Another example that reflects the succes of people or entities who try new things is the case of Amazon .
com .
This company basically offers a frienly paltafform to have acces to services online .
Althouhg its looks very simple , Amazon was able to fill and space that was empty : sells products online .
At the begining this plan was considered unprofitable and maby too `` crazy '' , but soon they became one the most profitable companies of the world , and they still remain as the most visited website since the Internet appeared .

In conclusion , I belive that inovative people who take risks and try new things can deffinitly have more oportunities to succed , but what is more important , the can push the limits of society helping us to find a new way to progress .
`` young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
I agree with this ststement .
Nowadays , young people are restricted to limited number of activities by their parents .
In this present world young people are almost operated by their by their parents or in general elders .
They are not allowed to think pragmatically .
They already have been alloted with a time table or routine in their life like what is to be done at each age in their life and most of them are kept in control without deviation from their track .
So most of the young people donot give enough time to helping their communities , the task which is not present in their curriculum .

Society and the environment of the young is also influencing them in a greater way .
Most of them are not even aware of the present scenario apart from the studies and they not know exactly about the problems faced by the communities .
Most of them nowadays are narrow minded .
Every one feels and in fact are made to feel '' Why should I care about others ?
What are they to me ? ''
.
Almost everyone is living with the sane mind set .
Every one has the same unique vision of their life that is to study well and earn money for themselves and their families .
No one wants to contribute for the society .

In olden days problems were the part of everyones life .
So young people who are the future of this world knew their responsibilities to be discharged for the community .
People at that time used to lead a practical life with broader vision .
They always did things thinking how this effects and helps the society .

So i feel that young people nowadays are being greatly influenced by their parents and they are not contributing to the society even though they have got a great potential .
Young people who are the future of this world should be properly guided in their association with the society for a better tomorrow .
An education system should be capable of giving to the students all the elements in order to be a better persons and professionals .
Obviusly , understanding ideas and concepts is very important for the students for learnig and analize things , but I think that is not enough .

Students should have all the elements in order to resolve problems and face conflicts in the future .
Learning specifics facts , like history facts or gramar facts , is important , but is not the only way to get a complete education .
The specific facts , students learn them for the exam and forget next day , but if the teachers teach them how to connect ideas , how to understand concepts , how to make a connection between this with that , students will have the elements to be a sucesfull people .

An student can know everything about history or maths or maybe chemistry , buy if he ca n't make a logical conexion between facts and ideas , it does n't make any sense .
When students have to face on working expirience , they wo n't need specifical facts that they learn in school , they will need the capacity of conecting ideas and understanding concepts .
The last sentence does n't mean that facts , as dates or formulas or specifics things , students does n't need them in working life , probably will probably wo n't , but I think that understanding ideas and concepts is more valuable for a company when they want a good employer .

Students needs an education that provides them a lot of elements to resolve problems , create ideas , connect concepts and anything can help them to be a person who can face any problem or situation succesfully .
I completely agree with the given statement .
It is indeed far more important for students to understand ideas and concepts in general than it is for them to simply learn facts .
I believe so for several reasons , however , my main argument behind these reasons is the importance of flexibility and creativity for dealing with problems in a changing world .

If students are taught static knowledge , they can only learn a limited amount of facts , which might not prepare them for problems they will have to deal with during their work .
Learning to understand ideas and concepts on the other hand , allows them to gain new knowledge whenever neccessary .
It provides them with a more general skill that can be applied in all kinds of situations and to solve all kinds of unanticipated problems .

I think this sort of general skill and flexibility becomes ever more important in these fast changing times .
The value of knowledge understood in terms of facts more and more decreases .
In the face of contemporary scientific progress , what is held to be fact and truth today may well turn out to be untrue tomorrow .

The preperation provided by university cannot be very specific .
Students of the same subject are likely to work in different sectors later on .
It is often said that learning in fact begins after graduation .
The relevant `` hard facts '' required for a certain work are anyway more likely to be acquired during working .
So , concentrating on learning facts in most cases means memorising a lot of facts which will never be of use .
In contrast , concentrating on learning concepts creates flexiblity for a variety of tasks , for changing biographies , for a changing world .

Flexibility is in the contemporary world a major key to success .
It is therefore a crucial skill of university graduates to be able to find solutions to all kinds of problems which might occur by applying knowledge in a flexible and creative manner , based on the more general ideas and principles they have gained understanding of during their studies .
There are different types of people in our society and every individual has his or her own ideals .
While some of these people prefer to continue the way the situatuion they 're in , some always try to do new things and to improve themselves .

In my opinion , first of all , one has to improve himself every passing second .
You should never stop at a point and say ` Well , that 's enough for me ' .
In order to do this , though , one should always try new things , otherwise there would n't be any develeopment .
At this point it should be considered that there might exist some risks at new things .
New tries could lead one not only to success , but also they could lead one to failure which would be an unpleasent eperience for everyone .

In order to give an appropriate example to the subject , I should mention about my fahter who has come to Germany as a worker and worked for many years as a humble worker .
By the time he has been working in Germany he received a salary which was not that immense .
But he than saved his money to make a capital form his earnings and to try some new bussiness with his savings .
He got involved to estate bussiness and succeeded .
But there was this big risk that could have lost all his saving by investing it in an inappropriate bussines .
If he would n't took this risk , though , and kept working at a factory for a low salary , he would n't have been able to be in the situation currently he is in .

But this does n't mean that one shoud always risk to be succesful .
One could be succesful in other ways as well .
Some charachteristics of an individual such as ambition , hard and steady working never givin up , could also enable the person to achieve his or her aim .

Though I think that it would worth to take risks in order to achive important goals .
Therefore I agree withe the statement that one should take risks to be successful .
There is no denying the fact that it is important for students to learn facts .
However , I personally think that understanding ideas and concepts is much better for me .
I can imagine that for some people facts are crucial in human life , but I think something else is better for me .

Facts are basic in the sense that they are stable matters and people can benefit from them .
To illustrate , history is full of facts that a major part of people in the globe benefited and will benefit from .
However , learning facts has some drawbacks .
For me , facts do not encorage students to use their creation or imagination and ability to agree or disagree with something .
Actually , there is no mental activities behind learning facts or expressing new capabilities that students are endowed with .

On the other hand , understanding ideas is much more crucial for me .
Understanding ideas makes me use my mind , imagination and mental capabilities .
Besides , it is an efficient way for student to talk and have a discussion based on an idea or concept .
For instance , students may talk about an idea by a writer like the Americcan Bernard Lewis in his book what went wrong ? .
They may for exemple tackle the idea of Islam and modernity or the difference between Jihad as a part of militancy and resistence and the concept of terrorism as a terrifying matter .
Another exemple could be the clash between civilisations and how people came to hate each other through politicians .
Furthermore , Bernard Lewisthe counterpart Edward Said with his book Orientalism conveys more tention between nations .
For me , students shouldknow about current and previous ideas and concepts to be able to be up to the level of the developments of events in the world .

As a conclusion , I really think that understanding ideas is better than learning facts .
Therefore , I agree with the statement that says It is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Although the stated statement looks unbelievable , but I agree to the point mentioned and is based on following :

First , almost governments of all countries are concentrating on improvement and betterment of public mode of transport .
I believe this will have an sound effect on the number of cars getting diminished .
The public mode of transport being cheaper and safer than cars would provide better option and convenient journey to common man in contrast to the situation now .

Second , the ever growing fuel prices will force common man to rethink on using personal cars for day to day use .
The fuel prices have been sky rocketting and according to the study this pattern would continue for years to come .
Some may cast doubt on this study by arguing that fewer cars would automatically bring down the demand for fuel and hence price .
As a matter of fact , cars are not the only demander of fuel .
Fuel is used in various industries , airplanes , ships , busses etc .

Third , the very fact that global economy is doing well is a factor responsible for number of cars present .
Economy doing well increases the purchasing power of the common man .
But this fairy tale might not continue for long .
Again going by history patern and economic gurus , a slowdown or correction in economy is due and expected to continue for atleast 10 years .
This slowdown will automatically bring down the purchasing power of common man as well as the loan providing facilities by financial institutions which has assisted people to buy cars on a rampage .
The rate of interest will go higher which will not allow common man to even think of going for the loan .

Finally , when we talk of economic slowdown , the prices of some essential commodities will surge like that of steel .
We all know that steel is major raw material in car manufacturing .
Now if the raw material cost goes up , it will automatically augment the input cost .
Hence to increase bottomline on balance sheets , car manufacturers will increase the car prices which will drill holes in common man 's pocket .
This can be exemplified by recent spur in prices of cars by GM .

Taking in account the factors stated above , it is crystal clear that reduction in number of cars is inevitable in coming years .
It seems to me that young people spend time on something they enjoy at the moment , but that does not mean that young people enjoy life mroe than older people .
In my opinion , older people enjoy their life more than young people do .
My father , who is 57 year old and have life time job , seems enjoying the life more than my younger brother , who is 15 year old and still attending school .
There are some reasons why I think that way .

My younger brother goes to school everyday , yet he still have more time to spend on whatever he wants to do .
Is he enjoying his life ?
The answer is no .
He is often worried about the future and all the problems he has to face in order to succeed in the future .
He still has no idea what he would become later in life , and there are many concerns to achieve what he wants to be .

On the other hand , my father works at the company and he is busy all the time .
It seems that he has no spare time to spend but he is enjoying the life very much .
He is more experienced than my younger brother and have more knowledge .
When it comes to the question of whether person is enjoying the life or not , I believe it is a lot to do with their experience .
When you are older and more experienced , handling problem would be easier than when you have to face one in young age .
Since for my father , his life goal as to get the job that he wants and have family is already achieved , he has no concern about his future .
Therefore he can enjoy life much better than my younger brother because he has no concern about life that it makes the life more enjoyable .

In conclusion , the case of family is not always true for every old people and young people .
Some people are able to achieve their goal when they are still young and perhaps such young people enjoy life more than some old people who is still struggling to achieve the goal .
Despite those cases , I believe that older people enjoy life more than young people do .
It is asked whether grasping the idea and concepts are more valuable than learning and just memorizing the facts .
I hold the view that , although sometimes it is useful to learn the facts , to be able to understand the idea and the underlying reasons behind a particular topic is far more crucial .
The students should be expected more than learning the facts and ways of critisizing these facts should be taught them .

To begin with , I believe that the facts do not always remain constant .
They can change with time and old facts can be replaced with completely new facts .
Thus , the facts itself are not always reliable .
To illusrate it with an example , before Galileo and some other scientists it was believed that the world was flat .
Besides , it was a well accepted fact .
However , later the facts were questioned and replaced with newer facts .
What I can recommend here is that learning the ways which go to these facts are more important and the ideas and concepts behind these facts form a more solid understanding for the students .

Secondly , the facts are usually more difficult to keep in mind .
Since I am also a student , I know very well that the facts are easily forgotten after one year or even after the courses finish .
Thus , to understand ideas would enable the students to carry their knowledge to their later periods of life .
Besides , focusing on the concepts and general ideas would also enable them to study more effectively , since they are usually more easy to remember .

Thirdly , the facts do not prepare the students for a real life at all .
Usually at school , the students just keep the facts in mind , which are explained by the teacher .
Later on , the students just memorize the facts in order to be ready for the exams and they usually do not grasp the topic as a whole or they cannot add something from themselves .
However ; when these students will graduate afterwards and will be in the real life , they will be expected to be able to interpret , to make comments and to offer new solutions based on basic ideas and concepts .
Therefore at school , the students should be trained and encouraged to question the facts and offer alternatives to these facts .
That is often a more effective way of education than learning the facts .

In conclusion , I support the idea that to understand the ideas and concepts is more crucial than just trying to keep the facts in mind .
There is no guarantee that the facts would remain as they are and a student should learn to do more than just memorizing the facts in order to be ready for a life outside of school when they graduate .
Thus , students are better encouraged to understand the ideas and concepts and be able to critisize the facts , which I think is more important than the facts .
This question is really hard to answer , because both aspects are importend , a broad knowledge of many academic subjects as well as a deeper understanding in one specific subject .
However , in my opinion specialization is necessary to succeed in your future carreer .
I mean , that is why we are going to university ; becoming a well educated person in our field of study .

Students are attending most courses , that are necessary for their major .
Is this not specialization ?
I think it is .
Furthermore , if we had not such a thing like specialization , everybody would be able to become a politician or a lawyer or even a doctor .
Can you imagine that ?
I believe that this would be an aweful situation .
I want a surgery to be done by a professional and not somebody who is also my lawyer or a carpenter .

I think I made it clear , why specialization is necessary for an intact economy .
However , a broad academical knowledge is not necessarily required , but it would definately be something one person can take advantage of .
For example , an engineer would be unsuccessful to become self employed , if he has not attended a certain number of business or economy classes during his time at college .
These classes would provide him with the knowledge about economic relations and approaches in business life .
Fortunately , the school system in germany requires that students have to attend a certain number of courses that do not belang to their major .
Through this approach , graduates are going to be more flexible , which would probably be something businesses are looking for , when you try applying for an occupation .

In conclusion , both aspects are important .
But people have to be some sort of specialized to be fully integrated into society and economy and to find a job .
As I pointed out , who wants to have a surgery done by a non-professional ?
Cars have been a topic of concern to all of us .
Who does n't own a car nowadays in the modern world .
They serve as a means of transportation , they 're fun to collect , ride and even take care of .
So will they be there for us in the future ?

Everyone dreams in at least one stage of his life being that of a kid , teenager or adut to own a car or drive a car .
It seems that cars are more of a culture than a just a vechile .
Personally , I 've been asked several times about my favourite car .
In contrast , more people are tending to use cars .
It 's a fast method of transportation , faster than conventional methods like bikes .
It is also personal which differentiates it from public transportation .
It comes in all sizes , colors and shapes and models , so it 's fun to collect and ride .
All these factors combined may make it difficult for people to accept the idea of not using cars and heading to other methods of transportation .

On the other end , There are also some factors that may have some influence on decreasing the number of cars .
More attention is being placed on the effects of cars , especially when we mention all the pollution that it produces , be it aucostic or environmental and safety issues .
Some cities ( one of them in turkey ) which I visited have rules against using cars .
It 's a small village of course but it 's really wonderful to live in a noise free , non-polluted environment where the only noise you can hear is horse carraiges , walking people and bikes .
Today , lots of environmental restrictions have been placed on car companies to address pollution and help develop `` clean cars '' , one example is in California where they have strict rules agianst pollution .
Safety is also a main concern and different measures are being applied to help develop `` safe cars '' like the deployment of safety pillows , ABS systems and Anti-slip systems .

In my opinion , the only way that cars are going to be reduced in number is the invention of some new vehicle that can replace cars ( small jets , like the ones viewed in the Jetson cartoon which I saw once . )
I think that the number of cars will remain on in a steady increase as newer models are produced that minimize the cons of such automobiles which include the reduction of pollution emitted and that that address safety issues of the driver and pedastrians .
I agree with this statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
There are two reasons to support .

First of all , it will be boring for them to learn only the fact .
If the student just only learn the fact , they will be satisfied with their knowledge and wo n't try to think any more .
Thinking is a important process to improve their knowledge .
If they just learn the fact , they do n't need to think why it happened or how it happened .
They will just know the answer right away without thinking .
In fact , thinking is exciting .
When they learn an idea , they will try to use it in many situations .
For example , when students learn about static electricity , they will try to make electirical shocks by rubbing objects and find out which objects makes the most electricity .
They are thinking and also enjoying the method .
But if they know the fact , they will just chose the right object and done .
That is very boring .

Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts are very important .
From my experience , I really think so .
When I was playing basketball in middle school , I just did as the coach said to me during practice .
I did n't really think about why are we doing this practice and just did as we were told to do .
But as time goes by , our team became weaker and weaker .
We searched for the reason .
Finally we found out the reason .
Every practice we did had a meaning .
We were n't just running , we were running as if we are in the game .
We were n't just shooting , we were shooting as if there are opponents blocking .
We were just doing the fact that the coach said but we should have understand the idea and concepts of the practice .

After we noticed the fact , we started to work hard and we became the second place in the competition .
I was really happy and thanked the coach for teaching us for not telling the answer and made us think by ourseves .
From this experience , I learned that understanding ideas and concepts are far more important that learning facts .

This is why I agree with this statement .
I do not agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars around in twenty years than there are now .
In my opinion , the number of cars will either stay the same or increase .
There are several reasons which support my opinion .

First of all , I think that our society , at least in the First World , is so advanced and programmed on a continuing progress that we would not be happy about taking a step backwards by reducing the number of cars .
I could not imagine living without a car .
People in today 's society have gotten so used to having cars that they even rely on them in several cases .
A man , for example , who works in an office which does not have any connection with the public transport network cannot get to his office without a car .

Moreover , one can tell from the development concerning the car business that there has always been an increase of the number of cars since the invention of the first car .
This fact makes me suggest that this development will continue in the future as well .

Besides that point , there is also another reason which needs to be mentioned .
Even though people know about the environmental problems which car fumes cause and even though most of them are also aware of the fatal consquences this could have , such as pollution of the air and destruction of the ozone layer , thez do not intend to change anything .
Most of them simply get on with their lives , driving their cars as usual .
Consequently , it can be said that most people think of the consequences as still being far awaz from them and their personal fates .
They do not realize the disastrous consequences of their behaviour because they do not show up that clearly at the moment .

However , there is still an even more important reason why I do not think that the number of cars will decrease in the next twenty years .
In my opinion , there might be a point of time when more people actually start to worry about the environment and the effects of using cars .
Anyway , I do not think that this will cause the number of cars to shrink but that it will rather lead to an increase in research and development of new technology which prevents the car fumes to harm the environment .
Specialization is a tool used by all companies and sometimes even countries .
There are many people who would prefer being `` average '' in multiple jobs then being incredible in one certain aspect of a job ; they might have a valid arguements but if you look at this statement from a business view , every successful person should have a broad knowledge on many difference academic subjects but there will always be one aspect that they prefer and are better at then any other .

This is a statement that expresses difference opinions but I personally believe that everyone should specialize in one certain critiria in order to have the best possible outcome .
The reasons that I have concluded from that if no one specialized is one certain area of a job then what would make a product so different and more valuable than any other product in that market .
If you take fashion designers as an example , they specialize in one certain aspect like hand-bags or jewellary but also design other products like dresses .

To specialize in one certain subject does not mean you have no other information or knowledge in anything else but simply states that you are better at one subject than anything else .
If I could be a successful doctor , I would specialize in curing diseases like AIDS and Cancer but does not mean I would not preform surgeries on cardiac patients ; I would always have an overview on medicine in general .

People will always be more interested in more certain subject , like a favorite subject in school but also take other subjects as well .
This is the point that I am getting to , specializing in one specific subject with a brief overview of other subjects is the best way to live your life , it is like killing two birds with one stone and having the cake and eating it two .

To conclude this essay , my personal opinion is clearly stated and I agree with this statement and how important it is .
If no one specialized then we would be living in a boring and dull life with no genuine enviroment .
Always be good at many things but there should always be something you are great at .
To specialize in one specific subject is really very useful , but in my opinion it is always better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects in this competetive world to excell in life , i.e `` Jack of all trades master of none '' .

Specialist are people who specializes in one specific subject and have a very detail information of that subject , so he can excell in fields which is only concerned with his subject moreover having a detailed knowledge of the subject will provide him with and extra advantage of doing research in his subject .
Whereas a person who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects will be unable to go ahead and work in details in any particular subject .

But in this highly developing world , where developements are going at a very fast pace it always happen that to invent something it requires people who have knowledge of various subjects rather than being a specialist .
e.g I am a student of of Mechnical Engineering very much interested in my subject and looking forward to pursue a career in mechanical engeering .
But in an industry many things goes on , many mechanical processes are combined wiyh electrical processes to get some result so it will beneficial for myself to have the knowledge of the electrical process to have a complete understanding of the complete procees .

Secondly it is also an advantage of a person with a broad knowledge of many subjects that he can select his career from a wide variety of choices and not just confining himself to a particular subject or field .

So summarizing the points i would like to favour the point that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , because knowledge of many subjects is reqiured to get the total information .
`` The world is a stage , and we are all players . ''
As Shaekespear told , we are the players on this huge stage , who try to enjoy in their short life span .
In this case young people are more lucky than older people because they have more life enrgy , and they did not see the bad side of life yet .

My first reason is that the vivid energy of young people is higher than older people , for they have less responsibility .
The older people have to sustain their life themselves , and sometimes they have to look after the youngs .
For example , older people have to work and gain money in order to get their basic life needs such as eating or housing .
However , the young people do not have to gain money .
They can get from their parents what they need .
So , young people can use their all energy to enjoy the life , and they are more happy than older .

Furthermore , the young people do not have more experience than the older people , including the bad ones .
The older people made mistakes in their past , and are afraid to do those mistakes again in their future .
While they are preventing themselves from bad events , they miss the enjoyable things on world .
On the other hand , the young people , who have less experience can move further steps in the enjoyful life , for they are not afraid doing the wrong thing .
They even do not know what is wrong .
While old people are being stuck in their bad experiences , younger people live in the sunny side of the world .

To sum up , being a young person I can say that the young people enjoy life more than older people do , because we are loaded with more energy to use for being happy , and we did not see yet the realities which makes people unhappy .
I strongly agree with the statement that great people take risks and accept new challenges in order to achieve great things .
Since great achievements mostly do not come by in accidents or at no cost , in order to make achievments , people need to assume the necessary risks and challenges involved .
Many supporting examples can be found in successful business men and scientists .

The most widely known and cited example of a successful business man is probably Bill Gates .
He is the father of the most widely utilized softward affecting millions of population around the globe .
However , many doubt whether this could have been possible had Bill Gates decided to continue his study .
Rather , many ascribe his success to his daring initiative to drop out of college and start his own career as a programmer in the early stage of his life .
By trying new things and assuming risks , Bill Gates did to achieve great things that many people aspire .

The most genious and creative inventors the world has ever observed so far , Leonardo Davinci , has also assumed certain risks and challenges that were necessary to his great achievments .
According to historians , Davinci was widely criticized and mocked by people when he first attempted to fly the air .
Being a completely new idea back then , most people considered this ingenious invention unrealistic .
Despite the circumstances , Davinci continued on with his project and is nowadays regarded as the greatest inventor of all times .

In summary , history and current events attest to the claim that successful people try new things and take risks in order to make great achievements .
Bill Gates had to assume considerable amount of risk when he decided to quit college and start his own career early .
Leonardo Davinci had also confronted new challenges when he decided to attempt at flying .
The issue on hand is contentious and of great importance as it has its relevance to people in all ranks of any society .
I think that the young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
There are many factors which support this view .

Society is not static , it changes with time .
The young people , the youth are an important part of the society as they are the future of the society .
Their behaviour , actions and ideas define the future of the society .
Compared to the old times , I think that youth are spending lesser and lesser time helping their communities these days .
Couple of generations back , the young in a family too did some productive work for the family .
Helping ones family is helping his/her community indirectly .
Nowadays the young are remaining unproductive for longer periods and are starting to contibute anyting useful to family or communities very late .
For instance , youth spend a lot of time playing computer games , or chatting over the internet , dicussing some tabloid article with a friend for hours .
Not may spend time on community activites , which could be as simple as conducting or participating in awareness programs , regulating traffic , helping the poor kids get education , etc .

In the ester years the youth associated with their communities more , their community was an identity for them .
With the media revolution , the youth of today associate themselves more with the hollywood movies and football stars rather than their own community .
This only means that there is motivation in the first place for the youth to spend time helping their community is missing .

We cannot put all the balme on the youth for this change .
With the increasing competetion for jobs , youth are made to work harder and harder just to make their ends meet .
One really may not have any time to take off their busy schedule for helping their communities directly .
The young people of olden days did not have to live in such a fast paced world .
They had a lot of time for lesuire , some time of which they allocated for helping their communities .

I conclude by saying that due to a variety of reasons explained above the young people nowadays do not give enouh time to helping their communities .
A more common and well accepted saying is `` It 's better to be a master of one trade than be a jack of all '' .
Being a person who would like to specialize in the field of Wireless Telecommunications , I disagree to the statement `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' , as against what the current world is demanding .

Most of the human being is talented in one specific skill .
So he can concentrate and outperform well on a subject or topic that he has chosen depending on this skill .
Also his performance will be better when he works on this liking subject or topic .
For example , a person who likes singing can contribute better if he specializes on Music , as compared to his performance in other subjects .

Speaking about academics , a person specializes on a subject which he likes the most .
He chooses that subject in which he feels he can contribute more .
Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , can certainly to one extend , help a person .
It will help him to have a wider aspect of thinking .
For example , knowledge of mathematics will certainly help a person specializing in Physics .

But at the end of the day , it is what he contributes to the society that matters most .
For example , Albert Einstein , famous for his theory on relativity , concentrated in improving his knowledge in a specific subject physics , as against scratching his head in different sciences available during that era .
He was able to contribute a lot in the field of Physics , though he was poor in mathematics .

So I would like to summarize that , having a broad knowledge on different academic subjects will surely help a student , but specializing in a specific subject will help him to master it and in turn will help him to contribute back in that field .
Thus contributing to the society , more than to himself .
Undoubtedly , this is one of the most trite debates that have taken part in the last decades .
After dedicating a big part of my energies to dealing with this so intricate topic , I reached the conclusion that the election between specializing or multiplying knowledge depends on a more deep debate , which is choosing between good education ( and here I refer to Good with capital letters ) and economic success .

Postmodern era has brought with it the problem of defying traditional views not only about the organization of the world but mainly about the virtues of certain kind of knowledges .
While in the ancient eras it was easy to grasp different disciplines , the huge increase in the mass of science production that took place during the XIX and XX th. centuries really difficulted the possibility of dealing with different types of knowledges .

Today , it seems to be that certain disciplines are clearly priviledged in the market .
Specialization is not only very valued in companies ( that may need engineers or marketing professionals ) , but in the academic world .
Although it seems to be reasonable in terms of efficiency ( the more you mechanically know anything about something , the faster you find a solution or give a response to a certain problem ) , it does not appear to be the same when facing unconventional or even life challenges .

In this last sense , I think that multidisciplinary knowledge can add value to one 's education .
Holistic visions of situations may help to deal with more complex problems and may provide people with mental frameworks for acting in different scenarios and in front of different kinds of people .
My experience has shown me that the more specialized you are , the more difficulty you find to understand problems that may go a bit beyond your perspective .
Moreover , you tend to see life through the lens provided by the discipline you are expert in .
This was very frequent for me at university , where I used to talk to professors that tended to refuse or discard theories that took ideas from other areas of knowledge .
Typically , for Political Scientists all problems arise from politics , and from Economists everything has to do with economics .
It appears to be very simplistic my statement , but I really had to pass over those situations when pursuing a multidisciplionary degree ( International Affairs ) and dealing with PhD professors from very different areas .

Unfortunately , this surplus I perceive in broad knowledge is not valued by market and , as I said before , it may be almost legitime in terms of rapid efectiveness .
However , I do not think the debate is over .
On the contrary , I think it will evolve in tandem with the evolution or cycles of human advances .
In the while , my curiosity and eagerness for really understanding all this lead me to buy books on Astronomy , zapping between National Geographic and History Channel , or listening to Religion lectures .
So far , it has been very fruitful for my life .
I agree with the statement that , in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
There are several reasons that I would like to present in support of my view .

Firstly , cars pollute .
Air pollution is increasing by the day and at alarming rates .
Though there are strict laws that are being imposed on the automobile industry to make cars pollute less , these laws ca n't prohibit people from buying cars .
More people will buy cars and more pollution will occur and this , supported by reasons I give after this one , will , in say decade 's time , reverse the situation and people will stop using cars .

At the present rate of air pollution , the day where the ecological balance is lost is not far ahead .
Though it 's being controlled by all governments , it can not be eliminated .
Pollution will eventually lead to destruction of trees and plants , direct of indirect deaths of animals on land and in water and people will realize what they are doing to the world .

Secondly , oil prices are rising very fast .
How much ever the government promises it 's citizens not to raise taxes , it will have to raise taxes , because it 's not in the government 's hands to keep them down at the same level for ever .
One day , gas will be so costly that people will stop driving cars and start using other modes of public transportation like buses and trains .

Thirdly , the rate at which oil is being drilled and extracted out of the earth , is extremely large compared to the rate at which it is being produced .
And the world has limited oil resources that can be made use of .
It 's possible that people might still use cars but use electricity instead of gas .
But where will electricily come from ?
A large chunk of total electricity is produced from oil and natural gas products , and they are still a major source of electricuty compared to solar energy or nuclear energy .

Lastly , road space is a big issue in most cities now .
People buy cars without realizing they do n't have anywhere to drive them .
Huge increase in traffic congestion will only make people give up cars and take the train instead , because they know the train ca n't get stuck in a traffic jam .

The car has long been a status symbol .
There will be a stage when iFinally , I opine that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
Someone says that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , well , I agree with this statement .
Thinking about twenty years ago , for example , we can find out how young people really cared about their community and the society as a whole .
The issues of homeless , poor families and enviroment had a central role in debacts and conferences , and parents thought their children how to be responsible for public goods and other people 's things .
The fact that government decided the end of the compulsory navy service , giving young men the chance to choose wheter going in the navy or doing something useful for the community , clearly is an evidence of young people 's deeper social committment .

Nowadays things have changed , if we made a survey we would find out that only few young people are engaged in social activities or take care of their communities .
Have people became more selffish ?
Do persons ignore the problems affecting their communities , such poverty , violence and drugs ?
I do n't think things are following this pattern .

I think nowadays life take all our freetime and prevent us to take on social activities , actually because we lack the time to do it .
I am speaking as a young person : I go to university , where papers and assignments take me a great time to be done , moreover I need to work in order to pay the college 's fees .
I have no time left in my days to help my community .
The greatest thing I can do is to donate to the church part of my saving , and I think I feel compelled to do this because I have n't the chance to do real activities , for the reasons I mentioned before .
In my opinion all the students face the same difficulty I do , they are not selfish and they really would like to help other people , but their daily life makes it difficult .
For example a friend of mine , who studies medical sciences and spends all his time at university , decided last Christmas , together with his girlfriend , to adopt a child living in the third world .
The child is n't living with them , they just provide him money for his education and growth , but this is an example of the existing committment on social problems .

I think it is our society , our way of living , that prevent us from doing our best for the others , not the selfishness of our hearts .
If young people had more freetime , if it was n't necessary to study hard and do their best at work to have just a little salary , people would be happy to help their communities .
My grandfather sayed : ^ Give a smile and you will be happyer , the smile will come back in your heart ^ I think it is true , and in conclusion I think people are not more selfish than they were in the past , they only need to find a new way of li

nowadays young are usually self concerned and focuses their life on friend , school and amusement forgetting the importance of a social help .
this is true ax
With the fast pace of development of human civilization , more and more people pay attention to the advertisements of prodects .
Presently , numerous people are willing to buy products based on the information delivered from the advertisements because the products seem appealing in these advertisements .
However , from my own experiences , I believe that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Recently , the products appear in advertisements become more and more attractive due to their well decorated appearence .
People have the desire to buy things that look beautiful but at the same time , they will loss the awareness about how good the products will be .
For example , I had bought a pair of sneakers because they are colourful and be placed in a delicated box .
Actually , they looked really good .
However , the endurance of the sneakers was out of my imagination .
I just had worn them twice and both soles were broken .
Unforturnally , I was cheated by the advertisement .
Sometimes , advertisement of the appearence of a product is not reliable .

Moreover , people will ignore some significant information if they completely believe advertisement .
It is obvious that the manufacture will not show the disadvantages of their products in the advertisements and people have to observe the real quality of a product by their own .
This is also the reason that many social organizations doing a variety of experiments on a single product in order to discover the secrets behind advertisement .
Actually , people need socialy authority to help them to choose products due to the immense unclear advertisements spread out in our society .
Conspicuously , the existence of this kind of organization helps customers to clearfy the some of the fake condition created by advertisements .

To sum up , people should become aware about the advertisements they see and hear everyday because most of them contain fake and unclear information .
If we accidentally trust a unreliably advertisement , the outcome is unconceiveable .
Personally , I strongly believe that an academic education which spans over a number of subjects is to be preferred to highly specialised knowledge of one single topic .

The first reason for this is that , according to my experience , extremely specialised academic profiles can bear to selfish and barely interactive personalities .
This is the case , for instance , of highly technical degrees such as engineering or physics , which in a number of cases bring , along with a remarkable level of technical preparation in their respective fields of interest , the development of a very specialised and unflexible mindset which is ideal for solving problems in that particular area of activity , but can prove to be rather inefficient when issues outside that particular field of specialization arise .

However - this being the second point in support of my opinion - situations in life are more often multi-faceted than single-faceted , and this is even more true as long as one 's activities and responsibilities grow in importance - which is exactly the case where academic education should play a key role .
Just think about the issues which managers of corporations and institutions are called to face every day : most of them do not refer back to one single topic or field of knowledge , but require a mixture of skills and qualifications spanning across a wide spectrum of subjects .
The more one 's education has been varied , the more he will feel confident in such a situation .

Last - but not least - I see a point of personal opportunity in supporting my opinion stated above .
Life is so interesting , and the fields of knowledge are so varied to be virtually unlimited : therefore , why should one restrict himself to a very small portion of such a treasure ?

I would therefore conclude with a statement which I recurrently hear from the General Manager of my company when he is discussing about the ideal profile for an executive , and which sounds like `` Specialization belongs to insects : why should we stick to it ? ''
The field of human knowledge is fortunately so large , and its boundaries are so rapidly broadening , that it would be a real pity to voluntariliy limit ourselves to know and appreciate only a small part of it .
I completely agree with this statement .
When people try to innovate in a certain matter they are using all their capacities to obtain success .
Risking yourself will give you courage that will help you to continue the path you have proposed yourself .

All the people live with the capacity of making some improvement in something .
Some take advantage of this , some others do not .
When people try to go through the easy path , they know they will have less posibilities to fail but that they will not be able to succed .

Success is something that comes only when you really put effort in something , the most classic example would be someone trying to open a certain shop .
If that person works hard and take the risk to sell something innovating they will not always be able to grow economically but spiritually .
Knowing thay you tried best you can will be the best reward you will ever gain .

But here comes the point were we shoud ask , what is success ?
Is it obtaining economicall profit ?
Or maybe is more than that ?
Success is not something material , success is something that comes when you know you are making something you were ment to be , no matter what the odds were .
Trying hard and failing , so you have the chance to try again is the path to succes .
This is not something you will obtain by following normal patterns of behaviour or conduct .
Putting yourself in difficult situations and unpredictable scenarios makes you work at all your capacity and the reward for this is plainly success .
A man that declines a transference of his workplace to a place were he would earn more money so he can stay more time with his family , will become a succesful person .
He wo n't have economicall beneficts , but the satisfaction that his desition brought him will make him know that he triumphed in life , that he is really succesfull .

Succes will not come to people that are blindly following patterns and doing only what they think they can do , it 's in the action of taking risks were people are able to discover what they are really capable of and as a result become successful persons .
I do n't think travelling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way .
As I have a lot of travelling experince I am convinced that travelling by yourself is the best way to do it .
With doing so you have much more freedom because you can make decisions on your own and do n't have to consider someone else .
This also prevents you from possible arguments with the group or your travelling partner which could lead to a vacation you do n't enjoy fully .

Another important advantage , in consideration of a tour guide , is that you get to explore places on your own and do n't have to stick to a certain travel itinerary .
This offers you a lot more possibilities and you can stay at places you like and avoid the ones you do n't like .
Tour guides have their program which they run through every trip .
I think this is unpersonal .
When I am travelling I want an individual route that 's the perfect fit for me and gets the most out of my time .
Mostly you wo n't find this in a guided tour because it is designed to satisfy the needs of a broad range of people and a lot of times covers the really touristy spots .
I am not such a fan of this .
You get to know a country much better if you go to places where the local people are instead of all the tourists .

When travelling alone you are much more responsive to new people .
While I was travelling in Australia I met so many new people which I probably never would have talked to , if I would have been in a group .
But when you are by yourself you are more open for making new friends , just for the simple reason to not be alone all the time .
Furthermore it broadens your culture knowledge and understanding .

Last but not least it is more expensive to book a guided tour than to explore the country by yourself .
The understanding of ideas and concepts together with the ability to reproduce them correctly is the best way to learn something new .
But the more important part from the learning in general is definetly the understanding , because only if a student understands the idea or concept , he/she will be able to use it successfully .

To explain my point , I will try to give an example , where we can see that just learning facts does n't help in real life .
Let 's assume that a business student , who always had good results in college , starts working in a big company and has to work on a very difficult case .
This task includes a number of problems , which seem familiar to him , but he can not use the results he had learned from university , because they do n't fit in this case and he never really understood the concept .
He has never done it before and has to solve this problem by himself , because otherwise the senior manager will recognize that he has n't got a clue about the topic .
Now , he will recognize that the stuff he had learned without understanding it , does n't help him at work .
Which might lead to a lot of problems for him .

I think that we can obviously see on that example that learning facts ca n't be more important than understanding the idea .
And even if someone can probably pass college or university without realizing this statement , he will do , when he starts to work .

And do we only learn for good results in school ?
I do n't think so , and that is by the way what all the teacher in my school tell me as well .
We have to understand what is behind the facts , so that we can use the concepts .
And for that , I would like to mention that a student have to learn the facts , which is also important .

Only when these both factors of learning come together , we will be able to learn for life and use what we have learned successfully .
In our capitalistic world , priority is given to personal achievment and very little recognition is given to helping others .
Even though most young people do not give any time to helping their communities some other do .

It is clear to me that most young people do not give any time to helping other .
How many of them have ever spend five minutes really listening to a homeless explaining why he reached that situation and what is the money he is asking for ?
In everyday life , we all are very busy and we do not pay any attention to people around us but if we did , we sould see people in need at every street corner .
Last year on the way to my college there was a homeless sitting always in front of the same cigarett shop .
I used to just walk sometimes stop at the shop but i never had noticed him .
One day that I missed the bus , I was looking for a light and I just realized this man was there smoking a cigarett and thats how I started to talk to him .
He explained me what has happened to him and I then felt so concerned that I gave him some money and a few cigaretts .

All tough some young people do not give any time to helping others , Some young people do .
Some of them find ways of helping even if they do n't have money , for example by talking to old people feeling lonely .
Some of them even create association and try to collect funds from wealthy adults and give it to communities such as homeless people .
For instance , there is one association that visist people in my building twice a year .
They usually are students who knocks the doors and ask if they can come in to explain the problem of the community they are helping .
Unfortunately , They knocked twice at my door at the wrong time because I did not have money .

Therefore , even in our selfish world most of the young people do not give enough time to helping out their community but still some coura
I can easely imagine that there will be much more cars in use in the future compard to today .
There are several arguments why I agree with the statement , that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

First of all the world population is still increasing very fast .
This aspects leads to an simlpe conclusion .
More people need more cars .
Especially the populations in the cities are growing , because there excits an movement from land to the cities for the last years .
For the people living in this big cities or the little towns neaby , it is usual to own a car .
So for this reason more cars are needed .

Furthermore there is another very important aspect .
The global buisness is getting much more important today and will be the main buissnes in the future .
I infer from this aspect , that in the future buisness people , or working people in general will need cars and plains much more than today .
I cannot imagine buisness men without a car even today and in the future it will be much more neccessary .

It is said , time is money !
And so it will be in the future .
The third aspect I am thinking of is , that people do not have much time today to reach theire destinations , because of the very tight schedulethey have .
This will not chance in future .
Today this mainly stands for buisness jobs , but in the future even this will change .
People working outside the cities on the fields will need more cars to get in the next city to provide theire products on markets .
I think in the future even farmers will try to sell things online , so a transfer form the land to the customer must be guarantied .
You will need more cars for this , too .

Finally these arguments are the reason why I think thee will be defentely more cars in the future .
Nowadays , more and more students start to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
Actually it is a very good way for they to succeed in their studying fields because of the following reasons .

First , ideas and concepts are the roots of any study .
If a student does not understand the ideas and concepts , how can he/she find relations with the real life ?
Facts are revelant to the ideas and concepts , but after ideas and concepts are discovered , then we can apply the ideas and concepts to the facts .
So ideas and concepts are more important than facts .

In addition , ideas and concepts can apply to problems while studying .
As mentioned , they are the origins of the studies .
Therefore any problems related to the study should be based on the ideas and concepts or they can be expansions of the ideas and concepts .
For instance , in geometry studies , there are a lot of theories in a circle .
The theories are the concepts and ideas .
From these theories , teachers can develop more and more problems .
If a student does well in the circle test , he/she must have mastered the ideas and concepts of the circle very well .
Or he/she would not get good mark just by learning facts .

Futhermore , while doing a lecture about some course , the students are required to expand his/her topic from the ideas and concepts .
They are not taught to give the lecture right from the facts .
Because starting from the facts will make the lecture hard to be accepted by others who are not familiar with the topic .
The ideas and concepts are always the basis of any lecture .
Afterwards , the facts can be displayed fully to the listeners .
This is what a memorable lecture requires .

In conclusion , ideas and concepts usually are the paramount factors of any study .
Therefore , it is more important for sutdents to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn fact .
Then they will be mastering knowledges better in the future .
Most of the people who have reached success in life had to try at least new things and had to take risks rather than only doing what they alredy knew how to do well .
I do agree with this statement because it 's true and nothing is given for free in life .
If you want to improve any aspect of your life ( job , finantial situation , relationship , health , ... )
you have to suffer , more or less , and try to do your best in improving yor skills and risking also something of yourself .
If a person continues to do what he/she is used to do or what he/she already knows how to do well , he/she will never go far because he/she will remain always at the same stage without the possibility to risk to change his/her lifein a better occasion .
Of course it 's a risk and sometimes it can happen the person will simply worst the situation instead of having success .
I can make several examples taken from the common life or looking at some famous people in the contemporany world .
A simple example of successfulI in the common life is to keep forever the promise of marriage fidelity .
In this case the couple has to try every day new things to keep alive their love and they have to take their own risk to trust and to be open with eachother .
In the workplace is the same .
A worker can stay all his life doing the same kind of job in the same way without risking to change the way of work or without going to study for improving his skills .
Another common example is the risk that you have to take if you want to gain money in Wallstreet .
Most of the famous people declared when interviewed that they were able to reach success only after trying to improve themselves with a lot of risks .
In conclusion , it 's true that if someone wants to became a successful person has to try new things and to take many risks instead of remaining at the same stage doing only what he/she already know how to do well .
I am not sure wether adolescent or older people are the happier ones since I am myself in my early twenties .
On the one hand , young people seem to be much more energetic and are certainly physically more vital and attractive .
Therefore they spend more time for social purposes , for instance going to parties , which could lead to the assumption that they are enjoying life more .
But as older people usually already found their match , this aspect of going out at night is not relevant to them .
After a divorce it is likely to observe that they change their nightlife behaviour again and become more active again because they need a substitute for their former partner , which implies that the age is not solely responsible for the intensity someone lives with .
Additionally to this argument , older ones probably do not enjoy life less than young , they only have other interests that are perhaps less observable .
May be they value more passive activities like reading books and being intellectual more than during their childhood , which does not imply that they are less satisfied with their lives .

Another point that would support the thesis is that children are relatively sorrowless .
As they grow up they start think about problems increasingly .
I this tendency continues , older people are concerned about a lot of issues that an adolescent would never think of .
For example , a twenty year is certainly not dealing with the problem of near death or the challenge of raising a child .
On the other hand , this could be a reason for older people to enjoy life more actively and intensively , since they feel that they will not life forever .

Summarized , I can not give a clear statement that I am a hundred percent sure of .
In my opinion , every part of our lives offers opportunities and challenges us with its own problems .
It is up to each individual how it deals with it and how it perceives the advantages and disadvantages of the distinct live phases in order to become a happy human being .
I totally agree with the statement that the young people today really do n't spend enough time helping their communities .
And that is also what I do n't want to see and expect .
In the following disscusion , I will present the reasons which cause the result and how to solve the problem .

The first reason why the young people today do n't give time to help their communities is that there are more and more things attract them .
When the young students are after class , they may do some activities with their friends such as shoping or something like that .
The beautiful clothes in the department stores or the popular video games in the club may attract them .
That means that they will pay more attention on what they like and spend more time on what they are intereted in .
So that is why the young people do not give enough time to help their communities .
There are lots of things they want .
It makes sence that they may forget some other important things such as the communities stuff .

The second reason is that the most young people tend to take the material they have for granted .
They do not appreciate it because they think that they deserve it .
So maybe they will think that the communities stuff is not their business and they do n't have to take the responsibility for it .

Toward this problem , I think the best solution is education .
We have to teach the young people about their duty of helping their communities .
A good community is based on many people 's effort .
We have to let them know that they are also the part of the communities .
So they should spend enough time toward it no matter what reasons they have .
To be more specific , let me give an example to explain more clearly .
Each of us all belongs to a family .
So who should spend time on the household things .
I think that you will say each member in the family should spend time on them .
And that is what I want to say .
Just like this example , each member in the community should give enough time to help their communities because they are the members in the communities .

T sum up , I agree that in today 's society , young people really spend less time to help the communities .
And the reasons why is just like what I mention above .
What we can do is try our best to teach them about the importance of the participation in the communities .
Students go to the University to learn things which will make them more efficient in their job .
But is it more important for them to understand concepts than to learn facts ?

Understand a concept and/or an idea is very important in some subjects .
For example in chemistry understanding how a special reaction occurs can help researchers go further in research by inventing new molecules , find new or develop former reactions ( which were known to take place , but not knowing how it takes place ) .
Understanding an idea or a concept can make the student more efficient in his studies , researches , and in his future job .
Knowing how something occurs helps a lot in going further quicker .

Learning facts is also very usefull .
I take the same example of chemistry .
Some reactions are known but you ca n't explain how it works , so you have to learn it to go on .
Learning facts make you also more effecient , you do n't have to look every where for the answer to the problem asked .
If you want to use a known method to do each or each reaction , if you have learnt it before , you do n't have to look in the litterature everytime to do your reaction .

I think that both are very important for the students .
You need informations that are given to you by the lecturers and you have to learn and understand them .
Sometimes learning something can help you understand a point which was dark for you .
Learning things can make you also be brighter than you are already .
Sometimes you do n't have to understand something .
Learning things which can be useless to the students can be revealed later to be very important .
Learning gives you general culture .

In a sense I agree that for students it is more important to understand than to learn because once you have understood an idea you do n't have to learn it , and it make the students save some of time .
But your also have to learn .

In conclusion I would say that both learning and understanding are the keys which open the gates of the knowledge and of conciousness .
This is a very common question in pedagogical circles .
Sometime , it can become a very political questions .
In fact you ca n't really decide to learn with one method .

A student who understand the ideas and the concepts behind a course will have a good grade at the final exam .
This method of learning allow a student to develop its own comprehension of a course .
He can develop some `` ways of doing something better '' .
If he understand the course , he can also anticipate the next class subject for example .
He can also ask some interesting questions to the teacher .
In general , this method of learning develop the student 's brain .
He will be more reactive .
For example , in a Mathematic course , it is very dangerous to learn facts only .
You need to understand the underlying ideas behind a theorem to understand it .
Years ago , I once decided to go to a Math exam without praticing and understanding the course .
The result was naturally bad because the professor wanted us to understand totally the concepts of his course !

At the opposite , learning facts can be also a good manner to learn .
Some courses can be very complex and with very little time so the best manner to finish the course is to learn theorems for example without demonstrate it .
Also , in certain domains , like history or geography , you can only learn facts .
There are not many things to understand .
You just have to learn .
In High School , I had a history exam .
I just learned all the notes I 've taken during the course and I finally had a A-grade .

I really think that understand ideas and concepts is the most efficient way to learn .
I had the chances to have a lot of professors who teached like that .
But in some really special courses , simply learning facts can be the best manner to succeed !
In our society , young people tend not to spend a lot of time helping their communities , and that is due to the society in which we live .
Indeed , we observe at the moment a sort of individualism , which is expressed by the fact that people tend to live by themselves without taking care of their neighbours , acting like sheeps .

Young people used to care for other people , but that was what the society told them to do .
Nowadays , the matter is not that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , it is just that they do not have time to do so since our society is based on work and money .

How could it be possible for young people to care for communities when they have barely time to take care of themselves .
It is true that more and more young people live their lives according to their personal needs , which is kind of hypocrite in a way , but one has to admit that our society does not help young people very much .

On one hand , studying is becoming more and more expensive .
If you are courageous enough to make your dreams come true , you can try to find a job in order to finance your studies , but this does not seem normal .
On the other hand , you have some countries where studies are paid by the government , as it is the case in Denmark for instance .
In Scandinavia , one can notice that people and especially young people care for others , take part into helping communities .
In brief , they are deeply involved in their society , willing to help in order to make things go better .

In a nutshell , I would say that the young people 's investment in their communities is closely related to the society they live in .
If young people have to bear adults ' role in life when they are not adults yet , I do not see how possible it is for them to get involved in their communities .
Power , money and reputation are very desirable things , and if you are successful in your job , you probably have them all .
Due to that , success plays an important role in our life .

The question arises , how to be successful .
You could try new things and take a risk , or you could focus on what you already know how to do well .
In my opinion , you can be successful with both strategies .
On the one hand there are lots of companies which improved an already existing successful product .
For instance apple .
They choose the normal mp3 player and improved the storage capacity , the handling , the design and named it iPod .
Due to the improvements and a huge marketing campaign , they sold an incredibly high number of iPods all over the world .
The success of this product was outrageous !

On the other hand , remember the foundation story of the apple company - an almost perfect example for creating a new market .
With the computer for common households , they invented a completly new product and took a high risk .
As we all know , the product was accepted by the market and had an enormous impact on the society .

There are numerous other examples for both strategies and therefore I disagree with the statement that people who try new things are more successful than people who do what they already know to do well .
Because of the high risk , I would rather tend to focus on things which I do well , and where I know very well how to operate .
When it is time to travel many people have the question in there heads .
Should we travel in a group led by a tour guide ?
to travel like this it is often more expensive and of course , you do n't have the freedom to do what ever you want , but it has some advantages .
The adventages are that you can visit more places , you have someone to explain you what you are seeing and that it 's safer .

One reason that I like to travel in a group with a tour guide in charge is that you can visit more places in the amount of time that you have .
Tours are designe to get the best out of the place that you are visiting .
For example if you are going for only three days the guide shows you just the most important places , if you are going for five the guide may include some shopping and dinning .
In this way the tour han really help you use your time wideslly .

Andother reason that I think is convenient to travel with a tour guide is that the guide can explaing what you are seeing .
For example if you go to an old library build many centuries ago , the guide can explaing you dates and stories that you want to know .
Generallt the guides are well trained and they know all the history behaind every place the take you .
I bealive the guide in a tour is a good source of information that can help you know more about the palce you are vesiting .

Finally , it 's safer to travel in a group with a tour guide .
Not every place or city is equally safe .
The guide , and beeing in a group , of course , can provide you with safety .
Some Downtowns are not safe to walk , for example , and the guide can advise you of this places and ensure a safe trip .

In summary , I think that traveling in a group with a guide is a very good idea .
In this way you can get the most out of the trip and leave the place that are visiting with great memories full of knologe about the history and in one piece .
In today 's society , advertisement is the source of all businesses and of course the key to marketing .
The goal of advertisement is to give the watcher the envy to purchase a certain product in , of course , a little amount of time .
The reasons why advertising is such an influencial source in the world today is pretty much self explanatory .
They obviously make the product seem much better than it really is , they do so by multiple techniques .
When the watcher sees an advertisement he immediatly feels the need to purchase the product because of the way it is described , or because he believes it will make his life better , or lastly for the simple reason that he wants to be like everyone esle that fell in the trap .

Advertisments were made for people to believe that a product is simply unbelievable and there is no questions about it .
They will try and portray the product the best they can for it to look unique and give it a `` never seen before '' look which gives the watcher a feeling of excitment and envy that will lead him into purchasing the product .

Secondly .
advertisment were meant to make people feel like they are missing something in their lives and that the product that they are advertising will fullfil their desires and make them live a better life .
They will feel better about themsleves if they purchase the product and feel like it has improved their ways of life , even if the change is only psychological , advertisments are efficient enough for us to believe that it has altered our ways of life for the better .

Lastly , the product would n't be as interesting if only one person felt the need to buy it , therefore , advertisment depends mostly on the popularity their product will receive and if the people are influenced by others to purchase the item then the advertisement has won the challenge .
People often feel left out when everyone has something new that just recently came out and they do n't , which is often the reason and the drive that causes them to give in and buy one for themsleves .

In conclusion , most advertisement make products seem much better rhan they really are by using multiple methods that they know will affect our opinions and will get their product the popularity and envy it needs for it to be successfull and prove their advertisment to be quite effective .
To me this statement seems reasonable because ideas and concepts are necessary to understand why something is as it is and how it developed .
Concepts and ideas connect facts , describe and explain their relationship to each other and make processes understandable .
Furthermore they enable students to think beyond what is observable , to cast a light on related issues , analyse facts and developments or to make predictions or suggestions for the future .
Thus , concepts and ideas are theoretical approaches to the observable world and the basic element of what we would generally regard as science .
Learning and understanding ideas and concepts is therefore necessary to study seriously and eventually to be a good scientist .

A further step is developing your own ideas and concepts on what you know empirically .
This shows that you not only understand the relationship of facts and what is behind them but that you are also able to be productive and creative in finding new explanations and forms of analysing something .
Although it is certainly not required to develop an own theory in order to be a good student , having individual ideas is fundamental for your personal development and an intellectual necessarity at any university .

So , I would say that the statement is correct although one should keep an important aspect in mind : in order to understand ideas and concepts you have to know the facts at first .
And this means that you really have to know as much as possible about a special topic because facts are the unavoidable basis of concepts and ideas or theories .
Lacking important information may not only result in complete disability to understand concepts but can also cause misinterpretations that change the meaning of an idea , theory or concept totally and thus lead the student into a completely wrong direction which might have serious consequences .
So , in the end , it is important to stress that learning facts is definitely necessary .
But they still are only the basis .
Real understanding of a topic also means that you have to understand the concepts and ideas behind the pure facts .
That is what makes ideas and theoretical approaches so important .
I completely disagree with the wiew that young people do not spend enough time helping their communiy .
In fact I believe that the most active members of communities are young people .

Community needs are varied , and not are not just limited to helping out elderly people , or servicing in hospitals , or other typically welfare duties .
Nonetheless many of the young people I know spend much of their spare time volunteering on ambulances , or performing plays and music for elderly , thus contributing significantly to the total amount of time spent by the communty in general on these tasks , and often being the promoters of such activities .

On top of this I am firmly convinced that communities need spaces and occasions on which to gather , in order to strenghten their mutual ties , to get to know each other better , thus exchanging culture and knowledge .
It is my experience that young people are the best and the more commited to organize such events .
In fact many of the art displays in my community are organized , and kept running by people in their twenties ; and often the works displayed are also made by young people .
This shows that young people are helpful to their community in two different ways : they both organize cultural events and are the main cultural point of reference and innovation in the community .

I also know a lot of youngsters involved in politics , both trhough political parties and political associations .
I have been in a political association for many years too .
In the meetings that were frequently held , important topics regarding our city and province were usually discussed and debated , and often innovative and revolutionary ideas were developed , some of which were later successfully implemented by the local authorities .
Moreover an advancement in political and social beliefs will not be possible without the fundamental partecipation of young people to public life .

It is my opinion that this misconception of young people not helping their communities is mainly spread by old conservatives , who fear what new the young generation can bring , and always have their heads turned back , remembering how life was much better when they were young .
I agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide for the following reasons .

First of all , traveling with a tour guide is easier and more efficient than any other way to travel .
The groups led by a tour guide usually have a well-designed schdule and members in the group are able to visit as many places in a short period as possible .
Moreover , even though the members do not know the language spoken in the place they visit , they have less trouble with the help of the tour guide .
For example , when I traveled in the United States ten years ago , I joined a tour led by a tour guide .
The bus that exclusively drove for us led us to the famous sight-seeing spots in New York City , such as the Empire State Building and the World Trade Center .
Dinner was planned at famous restaurants in little Italy .
At night , we all went to see a musical show , which was at the time very popular and was hard to get the tickets for .
If I had not joined the tour , I could not have seen the musical show .
This example clearly show sthat traveling in a group led by a tour guide is better .

Second , traveling with a tour guide gives people opportunities to learn more about the local cultures and history .
For example , I hired a tour guide when I traveled in St. Petersburg , Russia .
There are many famous buildings and museums in and out of the city , and I wanted to visit all of them especially the largest one in the city .
On the day we visited the meseum there was a long , long line in front og the main entrance , but the tour guide led us to another small entrance of the museum and we were able to get in without waiting for a long time .
Inside the museum , she led us to the rooms with famous paintings and decorations which all the tourists must see .
She also gave us lectures about arts , history , and kings and queens that all related to the museum history .
By her explanation , I was able to understand Russian culture of the time .
Because she was a Russian guide , she knew very well about the area .
After our tour finished , she took a group to the restaurant where Pucikin , a Russian writer , would have meals everyday .
The experience was unforgettable .

In conclusion , I definitely agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I agree that is very essential for a student to learn the basic ideas and concepts from an early satge .
Facts about a certain subject can be understood only when a foundation is laid by ideas and concepts .

Ideas and concepts form the fundamental building blocks in the learning process .
It helps one learn and understand a thought process accurately and profoundly .
It helps a person learn important aspects of a subject at an easy pace .
When a student is given the opportunity to think about an idea , a new concept is formed based on the facts .
Facts can not be changed but ideas and concepts can be altered and changed according to the interest of the student .

A student in chemistry will able to perform an experiments with ease only when he or she learns the basic fundamentals .
For instance , only when a student can understand the simple concept of what an acid or base is the , the student will be able to decide the correct steps of an experiment .

Similarly a person who goes to visit a modern art museumcan learn about facts of modern art from books , peers or from lectures .
But only when he initially develops an idea on what modern art is all about , will he enjoy the art that is displayed .

Technology is based on ideas and thoughts and not merely by facts .
Only when different concepts are put together a new product is produced which helps in the economy of a country .

Todays ' generation cannot depend on just facts to learn newer concepts .
Learning through different ideas , keeping in par with today 's current pace will help one mold ideas and thoughts for a better development .

Hence to conclude ideas and concepts are like pillars of a building without which a strong foundation cannot be laid for the developemant of the future .
Today with an increasing globalization , having knowledge is becoming more and more necessary .
And choosing between having broad knowledge and specialized knowledge is an issue which merits a closer look .
Before determining which position is the stronger of the two , it is necessary to examine both in detail .

First of all , we can start examinig the main advantage of a specialized knowlledge .
The most important advantage is due to a world that is becoming more and more complex every day .
Consequently our society need people able to resolve modern issues .
Doctors are a good example , the specialists have become more important than by the past because of the complexity of modern healthy issues .

Nevertheless broad knowledge can provide tomorow two advantages more important .
First of all , it is flexibilty , in other words the possibility to change , to think differently .
It is easier to give up a theory when others are availiable .

Besides flexibility , broad knowledge can give the chance to be in an objective place .
Being specialized can be compared to a isolated situation in which nobody can share .
The specialized knowlege is by definition specific , thus it tends to have is own way of communication and the finallity of sharing knowledge can be impossible .

After carefully considering the above evidence , it is clear that the latter position is the stronger of the two .
If we take into account the advantages of flexibility and the possibility to stay objective in any case , having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is the better way to manage knowlege today .
It is commonly stated the the only part of the human life when you can enjoy yourself is when you are young , and several writers and philosophers wrote about that topics : actually I do n't agree with this statement for two main reasons .

In the first place , asd they feel to have plenty of time , young people usually can waste their time in something that later can reveal as something trivialor not worth doing .
I remember having spent entire days watching tv , alone in my room , rather than going out with my friends for a walk , or to have refused to practicee a sport just because I was too lazy .
Now that I 'm busy and I do n't have spare time , I really feel as I had waste my time .

On the other side , young people have to think seriously about their future , and in many cases , in order to accomplish their objectives , they cannot waste time or money to enjoy life .
For example , if you are studying at University and want to have good results , you have to sacrifice your time to study , or , even if you have plenty of time , you do n't have the money to enjoy yourself .
If you want to marry , you have to save money and this means that you have to sacrifice many pleasures of life .

On the contrary , older people can frrely enjoy their life : at the present time , while I 'm busy studying in order to enter in my PHD program , my parents are travelling around the world with their friends and enjoying their hobbies .

I think they are really enjoying their life , not only beacuse they have gained , after years of sacrifices , the time and money to do it , but also because they have the capacity to recognize the things that the really can make their life pleasant and worth being lived .
Consequently , they are able to place everything the right dimension .
I think it is possible to gain this capacity only with experienceand in some way , both young people wasting time and young peolple sacrifying themselves for the future can later become able to fully enjoy the life .
According to the task to discuss wether travelling in a group led by a tour guide might be the best way to travel I would like to say that first of all it is one of the most comon ways of travelling .
Especially Japanese are often seen travalling in a huge group .

Me myself I like to travel alone and disagree because of that with that statement .
When travel alone you are independent and you can make your plan by yourself .
In big groups you have to do what everybody wants to do or if there is a tour guide what he planned .
Most of the time there are no exceptions .
Being alone also means that you get to no other people maybe native people , maybe other visitors .

But on the other hand I like a mix of both like taking a tour guide for a day or travelling with others who are interested in seeing the same things or places .

I already traveled alone by myself and it was the best experience I have ever made .
Although I made trips with friends , groups or my family before I had never so much fun .
If you come to a town were you do not know even one person I will have to talk to stragers .
And besides I am shy I got to know many people which I would have never met if had been travelling in a group .
I made trips with them , what explains that I do not disagree striktly with this statement .

What I am sure about is that you learn much more about the country you go to , as if you had gone with a guided group , if you prepare yourself a little .

Most of the times you can barely find a tour guide which is right qualified to tell you more fact , than if you had informed yourself by books .
Some might say that this is not true , but I just talk according to the experience I made .

`` But is not more safe if you travel in a group ? '' some might ask .
I have the opinion that if you do not take to much risk and if you care a little for yourself , you will travel at least with the same safety .

On the other hand groups of tourist are easier aims of terrorist attacks because the follow a strict plan and are easy to hit .
But in general I just like to travel no matter how !
They say that those who win write history .
However , it does not mean those who lose were not part of it .
Taking risks is a double-edged sword , depending on the ability of the samurai .
A saying like this would drive a person to take unnecesary risks , without giving them fair warning that taking risks is serious business .

Back in my Junior year business class , we talked about the Risk-Return curve ; which basically stated that the greater the risk , the greater the return .
Succesfull people who have taken great risks and in turn earned great return from it , can get away with rolling that statement around .
It is a different tune for those who took the risk to high , and did not recieve a return .

Doing the same thing , is not entirley as bad as the statement makes it seem .
Sure , taking a risk once in a while is good , but perseverance and constance are also traits succesfull people posses .
It gives those who depend on you a sense of security and stability , which is benefitial for any business .

A healthy balance between taking and not taking risks is , in my opinion , a healthy adivse .
More than anything , knowing which risks to take .
Being wise comes with experience , the same way the ability comes to the samurai wielding the double-edge sword .
Experience is aquired with patience , but also with a keen eye and an ambitious mind set to succeed .
One must know when and where , but most importantly , why .

In conclusion , yes , succesfull people take risks .
But risks taken after deep analysis and gained experience .
Knowing when to attack , when to defend , and when to fortfeit is what makes a person succesful ; It is what guarantees the samurai 's victory .
If it is more important for students to understand the idea of a topic or to learn facts can be seen from different points of views .
There are positive and negative sides in both ways .

Understanding the ideas and concepts of a topic often makes it easier for students to learn .
They do not have to study as much .
Many people think that this way of understanding is more important than learning facts .
Of course you have to understand the idea to be able to understand the whole but topics but a topic can be too complex and contain too many details .

A very important accpect is also how a teacher explains a problem .
Some teachers are not able to teach and students are often confused by their theories .
Other teachers are really good and everybody understand the concept .
But if a teacher is not good you have to study on your own which often means to just learn the facts .

It also depense on the topic given .
If students have to study for history for example it is often enough to just learn the facts but on the other hand studing for physics or maths needs the understanding of the concepts .
Some subjects you cannot learn , you have to understand them .

Another point is that people are different and that people learn different .
Some students understand the idea and are so able to understand or realize the other parts of a topic .
Other students do better by learning the facts , by reading things over and over again they eventually get the whole concept .

All in all both theories are necessary to understand a problem fully .
Understanding the idea can help learn the facts and learning the facts can help understand the problem .
In my opinion wether understanding the concepts or learning the facts depens on a topic is better is better , I could not choose because for me it always depense on the topic or the problem .
Sometimes I need to learn the facts and on other occations I understand the idea and it helps me to succeed .
Having broad knowledge of many subjects does not lead to a good future .
Whereas specializing in a particular subject in more beneficial nowadays .
I completely disagree to the statement that `` it is better to have broad knowledge of many acedemic subjets than to specialise in one specific subject . ''

Nowadays there is demand for professinals , who know their job very well and can handle any task in a particular field .
People who have broad knowledge about many academic subjects , do not actually know what field they really want to master in and so they have knowledge about many subjects .
It is very well said `` A jack of all trades is a master of none . ''
So this implies that to be a master or to actually achieve what you desire you need to be pragmatic and should know what is neccesary for you to achieve what you desier for yourself .

I have even seen many people who have degrees in many fields but still do not have what they want for themselves .
For example , one of my friend 's elder brother has many degrees in different field and has alot of knowedge about many different academic subject , but he still does not have an aim or a particular direction to move in .
Whereas one of my cousins had a masters degree in computers , which was his favorite subject from his school days and then got a proper job with proper status and a respectful social life .

It is not bad to have vast knowledge , but having vast vast knowledge in many different fields , stops you from being interested in a particular field .
It is not only that having vast knowledge is important What is more important is to be more smarter and choos a specific field to major in .

Thus i would say that specialising in a particular subject is more beneficial than having fast knowledge of various subjects .
As , now you are wanted to be more knowledgeable about your subject , then it does not matter how much you know about other subjects .
` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide ' ...
I would certainly agree with the statement .
Travelling is a lot of fun and also a good learning experience .
If one wants to enjoy as well as learn the abouth the history , culture and habitat of the place a tour guide would certainly be helpful .
Educating oneself about the place prior to visiting it by books and the internet is very helpful too but having a guide who is local and has the knowledge is definately better .

I feel that in a group with a guide one can have a planned itineary and can organize the trip in a better fashion .
If i would be by myself i probably would get lazy most mornings and waste time getting around .
By being in a group i would probably use my time and money in a more efficient way .
For me even while Im travelling going by a schedule really helps .
Being by oneself I feel one wastes lot of time first collecting the information and then deciding where and when to go .
With a tour guide one is in better hands to travel and sight see comparing to ones own .
By having a tour guide one can learn more .
I feel that I remember more after seeing a thing / place and listening about it rather than just reading about it .
A local guide might have some stories to tell about the place which one may not find in any of the books .

Personally for me a group of people is more fun to go out with .
I strongly agree with the statement - ` more the merrier ' .
Travelling , singing , dancing and eating out could be more fun for me with more people around rather than being by myself .
Going to a new place might be intimidating at first but being in a group would just make me feel at home all the time .
I love making new friends and going out in a group also helps cultivating new relationships and friends .

Hence I would strongly recommend anyone to travel in a group rather than being on ones own .
The world is made up different people , those who are risks takers and those who do only what they know or those who only do what they are told to do .
But what makes people successful in life ?
Is it the fact that some of them are willing to take risk or simply because others will only and simply go by what they are told or what they know .
What are the characteristics of successful people ?

Someone who is successful inded is someone who is always willing to go beyong what he is being told to do .
Usually a risk taker will develop new ideas , will find new strategies and new ways to better explain a situation or an experiment .
FOr example , a student who is willing to go further in an experiment in order to find a response to a question or a problem will more likely succeed than another student who does not .
The student who is willing to go another mile will probably find answers to the problems that he is encountering in an experiment .
The risks takers usually succeed in life and in everything they do .
I say usually because it is not always true in every cases .

A good example of a risk taker is someone is someone who will travel to an unknown country not knowing where exactly he or she wil be going .
Going to an unknown country is quite challending .
The fact that you do not know the culture , the obstacles that you may encounter throughout your journey , make it a risk .
However , it is a new environment , a new culture and the person will certainly learn from that experience .
In any case whether it is good or bad , I believe there is always a lesson to learn from every experience .
The person who takes it upon him or her to learn a new language or live in an environment other than his or her original one will morelikely be successful because he or her would learn so much from that experience .
Rather a person who do not want to try anything new , will always be confined in the same environment and wo n't be subject to anything new .
By taking risks you may develop new skills , that you never thoughts you had .
But how would you know the strength and the qualities that you have if you are not willing to give it a try .

I definitely beleive that successful oeple are the one who are willing to take risks rather than only doing what they already know .
Being a risk taker is what teaches you new things , and makes you develop new skills and aptitudes that you were probably not aware of .
I do not agree with the opinion that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are three reasons why I think it is bad .

First , traveling with group means we cannot decide where to go by ourselves .
We have to follow a tour guide and we have to see sightsd in limited time .
However , I believe that one of the best things in traveling is to visit places where most tourists do not go .
By doing that , we can experience different cultures that communicate with local people or exprience their lives .
To give an example , I have been to Thailand and visited a Karen village where tourists have never visited .
That experience made me broaden my knowledge and so on .

Secod reason is that we cannot spend a beneficial time in the places wherer we visit .
My Swiss friend once told me that Japanese travelers often come to the sight only for taking pictures but not for walking or seeing the sight carefully and have a good time .
This comes from the limited time that we are allowed to see one sight .
In this sithation , we defenately cannot spend a nice time eventhough we travel to enjoy our lives .

Third , it is not comfortable to travel with group members .
Since we cannot decide which people to go with , there maybe some people that we I do not like .
I think traveling with a person who I do not like is the worst thing to do .
We should have confortable time during a travel .

As you can see there are several de-merits of traveling with a group led by a tour guide .
I prefer to trave alone or with friends , to enjoy my traveling and experiece different cultures .
Given an oppurtunity I would like to answer the question basing on the country about which the question is being asked .
In my perception the answer completely depends on the nature of the nation and the people about which we are talking about .
So I would like to both agree and disagree with the given statement .

In the present day world we have nations with various economic status .
There are developed nations , developing nations and underdeveloped nations .
We can see a definite distribution of the number of cars in relation with a country 's economic status .
A developed country has more number of cars per capita than developing countries which are followed by underdeveloped countries .
Since much of the world population still lives in developing or under developed countries we can say that number of people owning cars in the present day is less compared to that who do n't own .

As time passes nations gradually develop and the per-capita income also increases so the purchasing power of a citizen .
So we can see that number of cars should rise in the next twenty years .
But this alone is not the point .

As the number of cars increases the fuel consumption in countries would also increase leading to a fuel scarcity and hence price rise .
But this will again not be the same globally .
Countries which are rich in oil will have a comparatively much lesser price rise than others in case they do n't want to export their oil .
So we can clearly see that the citizens in these countries can afford to buy more cars than others leading to an increase in number of cars .

Another point to make is environmental concern .
Since increase in number of cars would lead to an increase in green house effect people concerned about the same would tend not to use cars .
But again we lack the data regarding how much of the world population is ready to give up the comfort of using cars for sake of environment .

Another important point to think about is the public transport system in a country .
If the government improves the same people may tend to use cars in a lesser number .
This again would vary from country to country .

Since I have no information about the above mentoined points I ca n't caste my vote to whether number of cars would increase or decrease .
If I were given the data regarding the growth rate of various countries their population , their economic policies only then can I clearly say whether there would be an increase or decrease in number or cars .
I would like to start by stating an old idiom ` Nothing succeeds like success` !
Which implies that if one suceeds in one field he is more likely to succeed in other fields also .
And I think it 's true and successful people do have better chance in in succeeding in new fields .

Firstly switching to any fild requires finance and funds at disposal .
And if one has succeeded in a particular field he would definitely be having savings or earning to take risks .
And eVen if they loose they have cushion behind them as they can again go back to the field in which their name has already been establishjed .
And to add to this when one has earned fame or goodwill in one field they can easily utilize that goodwill in other type of fields too .
we have many examples of well known actors switching to modelling and endorsing commercial brands .

The most important factor according to me is confidence .
Success brings confidence togeather with it and is the main factor that encourages the person to take risk and succeed .
Moreover a successful person is having experience which he can very well utilize to gain and reducing the probability of failiure .

This is true that one should not gamble in a field he is having less knowledge of but also one should not be adverse to risk , as risk and success are directly related .
one who is taking risk may or may not succeed , but one who does not try and take risk can never succeed .
And its quite obvious that a sucessful person can take risk with much less fear .

In the end I would like to conclude by saying ` RISK is not everyman 's GAME ' and a'A SUCCESSFUL PERSON IS THE ONE WHO TRYS NEW THINGS RATHER THAN STICKING TO ONE !
I believe that people will use much more cars in twenty years .
I have two reasons to support this .
First , the population of the world continues to grow .
In most of the development contries , the speed of the growth of the population is acceralating .
If there will be lots more people in the future , there will be much more demand for the cars .
Especially , the ratio of the people who have a car in development contries is not so high .
So there could be a great market oppotunity for automakers .
And the automakers are now making the strategies to take the share for the pie , as we are able to see them in their annual strategic report .

Second , the cars will be much cheaper in the future .
Now automakers are trying to make their cars in China and other asian contries .
This enables them to make their cars much cheaper .
That 's because , they can cut the salary of workiers who work in the plant to make cars .
So that many people , even in development contries , will be able to afford a car .

However , I do n't think the same type of cars that we are now using will be used in the future .
The enegy they use to move car will change , as the crude oil which we need to make gasoline is not enough for us to use continuously in the future .
Thesedays , the automakers are trying to develop cars which moves by using some other enegy like hydrogen , solar power , electric power and so on .
The cars which use new technologies are still expencive .
However , in the future , I 'm sure they will be much cheaper .

In conclusion , I 'm against the statement .
There will be more people living in the world , and the cost to have the car will be cheaper .
So , the cars will be used a lot more than now .
The massive development of advertisement strategies represents one of the most relevant characteristics of the `` consumption society '' we live in .
The goal of the marketing is not necessarily to make the product seem much better than it really is , but rather to attract the consumer 's attention on the product .

First , in many cases , emphasis is put on one special feature of a certain product , rather than on overall quality .
We will illustrate such claim with an example .
Advertisements of soap to clean the kitchen board have been some of the most common commercials on TV at least for the last twenty years .
Producers know that , in spite of minor differences , all the competing products are very similar .
Market targets are likely to be aware of this , too .
Therefore , these commercials usually do not try to convey the message that product A is better than B , C , D , but rather they aim to stress a particular feature .
For example , one advertisment might put the emphasis on the nice smell produced by the soap , another on how fast it is to use .
In this way , each producer aims to differentiate her product from the other along a particular dimension and to become attractive for a particular target of consumers , thus creating a special market niche .

Second , advertisements usually rely on a specific eye-catching image that stays impressed in the consumer 's mind .
Referrign again to the example illustrated in the previous paragraph , companies often hire a movie or tv star who acts as housekeeper in the commercial .
Such tactic has nothing to do with emphasizing how good the product is .
However , it creates a reference point for the housekeeper who is about to go to do the grocery .
It is a somewhat subliminal message that conveys the message : `` if I use this product , I coudl be like her one day ! ''
.
Another good example refers to the commercials for cars .
Most of them show the car crossing deserts or magnificient coast roads in exotic places .
There is probably no consumer who really cares about whether or not the car can really cross a desert .
Yet , such image stays impressed , and the consumer will inadvertently associate that model of car with an idea of freedom , long travels , adventure .

In addition , there are some commercials that are just deliberately stupid .
They rely on some joke or message that provokes the same reaction in everybody : `` who the hell created such a stupid commercial ! ? ''
.
Well , if potential consumers wonder about this , the goal has been achieved .
The product has a place in the consumer 's mind .
And maybe that brand name will come out when he or she goes to the commercial center the day after .

In conclusion we want to stress how it is of course important that consumers perceive the product as a good one , not as a `` lemon '' .
However , this is probably a secondary point in the mind of a creator of advertisements : the emphasis is not on the exaggeration of the quality of the product , but rather on the way it is possible to attract consumers ' attention on the promoted product , through the usage of particular creative messagges .
I totally agree with the statement for it is the very purpose of advertisements to raise the sales of the particular product .
In a capitalistic society , it is a general rule that nobody would pay for anything he does not expect to get a benefit out of .
Companies place advertisements , `` commercials '' for their products with the only purpose of selling them .
This will generate profit , their benefit .

Competition drives them to discover the most efficient ways to do so .
The most simple and basic form of advertising a product would be a neutral statement of its features .
This is seldomly done , for there are provenly better ways to motivate potential customers to buy .
Even if it were true that all products that are advertised would have - from a neutral standpoint - features that would make them worth buying , this is not what the consumer asks for .
It has been discovered that emotions are the key to human motivation .
This very broad realization is being directly utilized by advertisements .

I will illustrate with the automobile as an example .
It is no secret that cars are very important for peoples ' prestige : `` Tell me what you drive and I tell you who you are '' .
Therefore , a wide variety of different cars for different types of `` lifestyles '' exists .
Commercials try to appeal to people that lead a certain lifestyle and to convey emotions that relate to it .

In an ideal scenario , a customers ' decision is entirely based on that he thinks owning the car will invoke the certain emotion that was displayed in the advertisement which again relates to his lifestyle .
Factors such as quality and price are totally neglected .
As a natural result , in most cases , the car was made to look much better than it actually was .
That is , when you judge from a natural standpoint , neglecting the `` emotional '' quality of owning such a car .

With the `` emotional '' method proven to work as an effective means to raise product sales , it is consequentially applied by most companies for a wide variety of products .
Without trying to say that all products seem better in the advertisements than they actually are , it can well be generalized onto the vast majority of them .
I agree with this statement , but students should also understand the facts .
Students should undertstand the ideas and concepts of the subject what they learn becuase they will not be able to comprehend what the subject is explaining .
However , the best way to learn is students should also learn the facts .
They must learn the ideas , concepts , and the facts .

First example is when students were reaserching for the famous black people from history , students must understand the ideas and concepts of their reaserch .
Then , they would be willing to study about the people from black history .
After they finished reaserching about black people , the teachers should give the comments about their projects .
Then , students would understand what they missed from their the information about black people .

Second example is when students need to solve the math word problem .
Students who do not like the math will not concentrate during the math class .
Therefore , the math teachers must explain the concepts of learning math .
Then , the teachers should let the students to think about the math problem and find the answers first .
It is important to let the students to think about the problem first and teach students the facts of the problems later .

Third example is when students were trying to get the solution of the chemistry problem .
The quick way to get the answer is just ask to the teachers , but that is a bad idea for students .
Students must understand the idea of the chemistry and students will be able use this idea and figure the other problems .
Then , students should check with their teacher what the students got from their understanding .

As you read , these are the examples that students should underdtand the ideas , concepts , and facts .
The important point of learning for students is to try to figure the problems themselves , but if they cannot get the solution , they need to understand the ideas and concepts .
Then , stundents would eventually comprehend the facts .
`` Enjoy life ! '' has been one of most popular sentence used by the people today .
Different people have different explanation about enjoying life and have different ways to enjoy their own lives .
The elder would like to drink some tea , or to chat with some friends to enjoy their lives , on the contrary , young people would like to do something that is never be tried by themselves to enjoy their lives .
In most of the time , young people enjoy life more than older people do .

First of all , young people can get new imformation quickly and accept new materials easily than older people do .
Nowday , more and more new products , new objects are developed continuely which make the world colourful and beautiful .
The one who can accept the new materials and can adopt the materials at the first time will be the one who can enjoy his/her life .
For example , MP4 player has been developed recently , and many young people have bought MP4 player to enjoy musics , songs , and vedios .
However , older people seem not acceptable to these electronical products .
In short , it makes young people to enjoy their life fully to get the new imformation and products as quickly as they can .

Secondly , young people always try to do something that they have never done .
Life is consist of many unknown factors , happenings , and activities .
Addmittedly , it is not so safe to try something that is unknown such as tring to eat a kind of sea food that has not been eaten ever before .
However , there will be more amazing feelings when trying something new .
Take sports for example , cannon trail is a popular sports among the young which will be a risk in some level .
It can be said this sports make the life full of risk and fun .

Finally , the most important factor is that young people need n't have to take care of family , children or even need n't handle with everyday work .
They have plenty of time to do what they want to do .
In another word , they have plenty of energy to enjoy their lives .
It is most important factor that lets them enjoy life more than older people do .
\

To sum up , young people enjoy life more than older people do , although older people have their own ways to enjoy life .
I am 25 years old , so my personal experience only covers half of the statement , the part regarding young people ; however i can look at my relatives or at other elder people to infer something about how do thay enjoy life .

In a first appoximation , I think that each one enjoy his \ her life in a different way , so it is not easy to generalize this evaluation distinguishing between younger and older people .

However , I have to point out that a necessary ( even not sufficient ) condition for a person to enjoy his \ her life is to have a good health ; and it is statistically true that older people have more chances to have a bad health Apart from this first consideration , there are some other matter of facts about how youngers and olders conduct their lifes .
In fact , a very important consideration has to be done about work .
Younger people have to work harder than the olders that often are on retirement , so the younger have less time to spend for their own enjoyment ( and , depending on the retirement system , they can also have less money ! ) .

Nonetheless , young people have more opportunities to have fun because most of enterteinments better fits to them ( such as discos , some kinds of sport activities , some kinds of concerts or travels , etc . ) .
The negative aspect connected with this wider range of opportunities is that sometimes young people suffer of a kind of `` anxiety '' of having fun and doing lots of things , which ends to make them always unhappy with what they are doing .

In fact , it is true that maybe older people have a different way of approaching to life that allows them to get the best from every situation and to enjoy more of simple things .
This different `` way of appreciating '' things perhaps derives from their maturity , their whole experience and make their lifes more relaxed and sometimes more serene .

In conclusion , I think that it is not possible to completely agree or disagree with the statement because it depends on individual attitudes and external conditions how a person can enjoy his \ her life during different periods .

Once more I see that life is more complicated and people are more different one to another than it can be described in a short phrase .
Memory is the key to school sucess .
That is what certain people truly believe .
Of course having a wonderful memory can help you to remind some details of a precise subject the day of an exam , but can you learn anything without understanding it ?
We will first examine that it is not possible to learn anything properly wihtout understanding , then that learning by heart is not learning and finally that if you have understood something ones then you will know it forever .

Every science teacher will tell you that learning without understanding is a waste of time .
The famous French author Rabelais told it himself : Science without concience is a only the waste of your soul ( science sans conscience n'est que ruine de l'ame ) .
So it is clearly impossible to learn without understanding .
May be it will be quicker to learn facts then understanding the key ideas of a subject , but will you then be able to explain the subject to someone else ?

Therefore we can tell that learning by heart is not really learning , indeed one thing is certain and that is that when you have understood ideas and concepts of a subject , you must be able to explain it to anybody .
For an exemple , we know that the Civl War lasted from 1865 to 1867 but is learning this fact helping us to understand what has happend during this war ?
Certainly not , but knowing and understanding the economical situation from the first American states can truly help us to understand this war .
And it can help us to explain it later to someone else .

Likewise , if we have understood something like how to ride a bike , then we will know forever how to that .
Understanding concepts and key ideas about one subject is the same thing , you will understand it and then know it forever .
And this is truly helpful , imagine you have to pass an exam , you have learnt everything by heart because you think you have a good memory that will always be there for you .
But suddenly , somehow , you do not know why there is a huge hole into your head and you cannot remember anything you have learnt .
If you have taken the time to understand your subject this situation would never happend to you .

In a nutshell , we can say that learning only facts can be a real risk that should not be taken , it is not worth it .
But sometimes learning facts can help to understand ideas .
Like in history you need the dates of the events to understand what has happend in a certain period , in order to understand the logical order of the events .
The belief that successful people attempt to take new risks rather than to continue in the way they have been doing is quite absurd .
The fact that times change is very true but that does n't indicate procedures changing in parallel with time .
Many people might disagree in moving with the pragmatic manner that successful people have been doing in so far as they 've been successful .
Nevertheless , venturing in new things and taking risks is for the short term idea of accomplishment whereas following the steady route in conducting behavior is for the long term method of success .

In most cases , the new up and coming businessmen aim to to get rich and do it fast .
In response to such a demeanor , history shows that almost all successful people have followed a certain method of procedure which has led them to success .
Those who do ventrue in risky business might hit the jackpot and prosper tremendously but due to their volatile methods , they almost always plummet back down to starting from scratch .

It is known that as the world becomes more modern it 's the people 's responsibility to change and adapt to the contemporary world in order to succeed .
It 's irrational to oppose such a statement .
However , adaptation and taking risks by trying new things are two distinct concepts .
One should never risk all the fruits of their labor for higher success because it may backlash .
Successful people that have remained wealthy have usually started off from scratch to earn money in abundance over the years by hard and disciplined work .
So , it 's very difficult for a successful person to take risks to throw away what he or she has worked a life time for .

People who have inherited money or simply won the lottery do n't have as much trouble as successful ones in taking risks .
This is simply because they have n't shown the fortitude that another has shown in working all their life .
The harmony in acknowledging the idea that success comes from strict and disciplined method of procedure might not be unanimous .
However , history has shown that a steady and pragmatic manner of leading a life is the route for long term success .
Well , it depends of the kind of person , I think we all have sundry of answers and thougts about this statement , in my personal opinion I think it is more important to students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
However I am not saying that it is not important to learn facts , but for me the most important is to developed this ideas and concepts in usual life .

In the first place , when students learn in a classroom , most of them studied for the exam and no for life .
For that reason I think it is important for the teacher to developed some outside class excersises , in that way they will be able to practice and really live this hypotetical situation , I am totally sure that this will be more efective than to be inside of the class talking and talking about the theme , because you not also will understand the idea and the concept , you will also remembered this maybe for the rest of your life , if you have a good memory of course .

In the second place , when we memorize special concepts in class and we have a final test at the end of the year , we usually do n't remember this special fact , because during the year there are so much activities , exams , quizes , and practices that are very hard to remember all , we only keep the idea and the concept in our minds .

Meanwhile , if you do a research of your work , maybe asking some students all around your college , or university you will find out that they prefer outside activities , in that way they can get the idea fastern than to learn the fact .
On the other hand there are some students that prefer to learn facts because for them it is easier to understand and asimilate .

Finally I think that this is the world were we live , we will find a variety and several persons with different opinions and concerns about life , studies , and whatever is in our minds , but in this speciffic answer now you know my opinion , for me it is easier to lern ideas and concepts , maybe for you is the same , or maybe not .
But now , you can understand me a little bit more .
I agree to have a speicalized knowledge on a specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
According to me , when a child is brought in a school and later to higher secondary school , he is taught all academic subjects which will lead him to a better understanding of this world .

After attending the school , a student has a broad perspect of different subject knowledge with him .
Now a student is capable of using his knowledge which leads to exploration of new ideas in his mind and setting a specific goal of his life .
The student thinks of a particular subject as his interest .
He develops a penchant for a particular subject .
It is in the interest of a student that he works for a specific subject because he will be a adroit and astute student of that subject .
A student therefore plans for his Masters in that subject .
He turns out to be a appropriate person for that specialized subject .
He later on joins research on that subject and he achieve his goal .
According to me , nobody in this world has capability to master every subject in this world .
Even scientists like Galileo , Einstein , Newton , etc. had their own interest and specialization which led to different discoveries in this world .
It implies that if everybody in this world have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects then world would be a boring place to stay .
There would be no innovation around and it would be tasteless .
The versatility of this world would end at its very early age .

There a so many living examples who has supported the idea of having a specialized knowledge on a specific subject .
From Sports to politics , Businessman to Adventurers , there so many people who lives their life for their dreams and their goals .
One of the best living example of my time is Mr. Amitabh Bachchan .
Amitabh bachchan is an actor of Bollywood Industry .
He has did his Bachelor in Arts and joined Bollywood Industry .
Recently , he has been awarded with the Bachelors of Performing Arts .
The ectasy which Amitabh bachchan would be having after achieving this degree would be immeasurable .
I support specialization on specific subject because its brings you immense happiness when you fulfill your goal of that subject .
Considering sports on the other hand , football legends like ronaldo , pele , ronaldinho have specialised in their skills and therefore they are at the peak of their career .

I would conclude by writing that specialization on a specific subject needs high interest in it and hard work to achieve the goals .
A person would achieve more fruitful if he is specialized in a specific subject than a person have a mere broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
People have different opinions whether traveling with group and guide is good way or not .
I strongly believe that travel is in a group with tour guide is more beneficial because we can save time and money and also that is safety .
Let me explain for supporting my opinions .

First of all , traveling with tour guide who is already know about travel place allow us to save time and money .
Even though some people worry about tight schedule of group tour , I think that economical advantage is eclipse the weak point .
For example , suppose that you travel around where you have never been before , you might be lost road and you do n't know where is best place for traveling .
So you need to solve the problems .
Considering limit time on unknown place , all of things you face with problems is waste of time and money .
If you travel with tour guide , you could less the heavy problems and you could save time and money because guide will lead where they already know and where is best place for travel .

Next , travel with group and guide allow us to safety .
Although that is unappealing when it comes to challenging aspects , in strange area , the most important thing is safety .
For example , If I go to where I have never been before , there are possibilities to be exposed to dangerous things .
Without assistance of tour guide , I could not avoide that .
In addition , as I include in group , I feel more comfortable and stable because there is less chance to be a suspects ' target .
If I really want to challenge in other countries , I would like to travel where I have already been .
Therefore , as far as I concerned , keeping my self is the prioty thing for traveling .

In conclusion , I prefer to travel with others because of saving time and money , and also I am worried about my safety .
Moreover , in circustance under safety , I can really enjoy for traveling .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This statement makes us wonder how can one define enjoyment .
Being subjective not only from person to person but also from time to time , enjoyement in totality refers to satisfaction of ones expectations and desires .

In the case of older people , who have `` enjoyed '' the best of their youth , old age brings about a sudden restriction in terms of what they are capable of doing and what they must learn to live without .
No one welcomes this change but some find a way to remain satisfied and happy in there restricted lives .
These older people continue to enjoy life .
But we find that they form a minority .

In the case of young people , faced with limitless possibilities , aspirations and expectations are soaring high .
These youngsters are willing to do whatever it takes to have a good time .
They defy rules , and set new boundaries for themselves to try and cross .
Life for them is like a window .
Their expecations represented by the horizon and their desires by the distance from the window to the horizon .
They can only do so much while their youth lasts .

Comparing the two , we notice that while the youth end up enjoying more than most older people ; in comparison with the limit to which they could have enjoyed , the older people have a higher sense of satisfaction .
They know their boundaries and make the most of their lives eachday .

Almost everyone enjoys their youth , but people who can learn to enjoy their old age aswell are the people who have truely enjoyed `` life '' .
So in conclusion , i would like to say that young people enjoy `` youth '' but older people enjoy `` life '' .
Certain persons think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts then it is for them to learn facts .
Indeed , the understanding of ideas and concepts could seem to be more valuable , ideas and concepts implying abstract thinking and ability to have a reflexion disconnected from the concrete world .
However , I think that learning facts is essential and more important for students than the understanding of ideas and concepts , for the following reasons :

At first , for young students it is difficult to understand ideas and concepts .
Most of their work consists in learning facts , for example by naming objects and defining them ( a child will be shown for example a yellow fruit and he will learn that it is a lemon ) .
Therefore stating that ideas and concepts are more important would result in considering that most of the things you learn as a child would not be worth learning .
Such a position is not defendable .

Moreover , you cannot be able to understand ideas and concepts if at some point you have not been able to learn facts .
Most of the time ideas and concepts derive from observations made with respect to facts .
For example the theory of Galileo about the rotation of the earth comes from observations he has made in the real world not only from abstract thinkings .
As a result we may consider that learning facts is essential to the discovery of ideas and concepts .

Furthermore , facts may help people to understand ideas and concepts by illustrating abstract thoughts .
As a result , If you are unable to learn facts you will not be able to understand ideas and concepts .

At last , in certain fields , such as history , facts are essential to the comprehension of the subject matter .
As history is a succesion of facts , considering that facts are irrelevant or less important than ideas and concepts , would imply that history is not an important field .
Such a position could not be agreed with .

By way of conclusion , I think that learning facts constitutes an essential step towards the understanding of ideas and concepts .
Nowadays we are completely surrounded by every kind of advertisements ; watching tv , listening to the radio or surfing the Web , it is almost impossible to skip advertisements .
They belongs to our society now ; they can be sometimes annoying but at the same time they are important for a company to improve the name of its brand and the knowledge of it on the consumers .

Personally I am not critic about advertisements ; sometimes I like to focus my attention on them , I do like buying some magazines just to take a look on fashion advertisements and I have to admit some of them are reallly funny and smart .
They are now so important that many companies tend to spend huge amounts of money and making cospicuous investments on them in order to gain customer trust and obviously profits .

Nevertheless all this I have just explained is not always supported by a good product in terms of quality : it happened to me many times in the past and I was really hungry about .
I bought a particular doll to give as a present to my little sister in-law , she was just 4 and according to the advertisement that nice doll had to walk and to use rollerblade only with three batteries .
I was absolutely enthusistic about the idea and I was sure that my littke sister for sure would appreciated .

Finally , she opened the box and our joy soon turned into rage since the doll did not work at all even with the batteries ; so the advertisemet was really tricky and mislead .
Moreover I felt really bad because my lovely sister was clearly disappointed .

In conclusion , this was just a personal experience but now since that day , I feel more mature and confident when I choose a product , sometimes we should trust on advertisements but not completely and always being aware .
I do agree that the advertisements makes products seem much better than they really are .
Infact it is a art that has developed with new era and new technology .
It is a means of atrracting their costumers to buy their product .

Advertising industry has grown for decades and still growing today .
With the invention of computers grafics any product in the market can be made very beautiful and irresistable .
The advertisement is eye catching and it gets registered into your mind .
So when you go to the market , even if the product is not useful , you end up buying it only because the beautiful side of the product has been inculcated into your mind .

Lets take an example of a perfume .
In the advertise the perfume bottle was in a shape of a lady and it was being used by Jenifer Aniston .
T hat had registerd into my mind and i was wanting tho buy the perfume for a long time .
One fine day I finall got a cance to go buy it .
The price of the perfume was unbelievable , it was so expensive .
But i wanted it at the image of Jenifer holding the bottle just di n't go out of my mind , and guess what ?
I finally ended up buying it .
Even today I regret to the purchase that I made that day as till today the perfume bottle is only half used as I no more like its smell .
But that was a lesson for me , and today I keep control on myself and donat get waved away by such fantasies created by the advertisements .

I realize that I am not the only one , there are millions of people who has had this kind of experience .
But the key thing to ask is , do these people realise how they are trapped by the advertisement industry .
I guess there would n't even be 1 % of the entire crowd who understands this strategy used by the advertisement agencies .

This is one of the major reasons for the fast growth of the advertising companies .
But ` yes ' I do agree to the fact that the advertising agencies are doing a very good job and has a great effect on people 's mind .
Some people think that lessand less cars will be used in the future , while others belive that traffic is only going to get worse with time .
Even if I would like the first thing to happen , I am not very optimistic about it , and I will now explain the main points that support my answer .

First of all , I am afraid that if we take into account the entire world and not only the developed countries , we can see that in many regions having a car is still a luxury that not everybody can afford .
But as these places get more and more advanced , cars will be introduced as they were in Europe and America a long time ago .
As an example , when I was traveling throgh South America last year , I came across something that surorised me .
Even in remote spots along the Amazon river , people managed to get cars or motorcycles , and this not only was a sign of their wealth , but also a means of living .
But the main idea here is that only five years before that , there was not a single car in that area , and they said that each month the number of cars was increasing really quickly .

On the other hand , we could think that in twenty years there will not be enough petrol reserves in the world to keep up with the fast growing in the number of cars .
Nevertheless , I am sure that alternative ways of power will be developed as soon as the act of obtaining and trading with petrol is no longer profitable enough .

In a word , although I dream with a world with less pollution and traffic jams , I cannot deny the fact that , as it was said in a very famous movie or play , `` money makes the world go round '' .
Therefore , I am afraid that while having a vehicle helps a person to have a better life , no-one will exchange that for a better place to live in .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , i stongly support this view .
The media has played very important role is misleading people , and made people to believe in what is not true however there are always exceptions .

The media industry has been playing with people trust in order to sell the products of diffrent companies because they pay alot to make attractive advertisements .
To verify my point i am going to give few examples .
For instance i bought a washing liquid after seeing it on the tv the products gives you garanttee that it will take away all the marks no matter how deep they are but after using the product i was not satisfied .
Infact it was just waste of my money and time .
I have a rough estimation that 8 out of 10 prodducts are not reliable , after my past experiences .
Alot of things play a role in making the product so appealing , a high budget advertisement even take well know celeberties to emphasis the quality of the product and to some extent we all believe the well known figurs and we might again mislead ourselves .
You may see alot of commercial on the weekends which compel you to buy the products which you really do n't need , you just get impressed by the comercials and later on after using it you realize it doesnot benefit you as the comercial shows .

Another example i bought a shirt from mall after seeing the model wearing it , when i wore the shirt it nothing felt or looked like the model has promised .
The light , the makeup and the setup made it appear far better than the quality and even the look of the shirt .

I do believe that there are few products from well known companies which have developed trust over time but mostly the others are all not at all satisfying and are just waste of money and time , they play with ones feelings .
The better the advertisement the better money the company has paid to make the advertisement to the reality itself .
Cars are freedom and independence !
That 's what many people think about cars offering them the opportunity to travel individually everytime and to whereever they want .
I think that therefore in twenty years there will be at least as many cars used in the world as there are nowadays , and I 'll try to show some more reasons for that in this essay .

First of all , people are very slow in changing their habits , so even a new technology would not suddenly stop them all driving cars .
And there is no technology to expect in the next few years that could challenge with that flexibility of a cabin that can be freely driven by one person , in other words it seems that there will be no alternative to cars for years .

If you think about cars in the future you should definetly take a closer look at Asia .
China and India develop quickly and will soon use a lot of cars , and remember that we are talking about nearly one third of the world 's population !
Noone could stop them from using that easy and quick transportation technology , so they will be happy to start using it like the western world was in the middle of the last century .

Some people say that there would not be enough oil for future use of cars .
But experts predicts that the oil would last for at least another 50 years and in addition every year more fields are discovered .

To come back to the first and most important point , the flexibility of cars offering independence to their drivers , it has to be asked if you would be giving up that opportunity just for saving the environment or stop the traffic and noise on the streets .
While everyone knows that cars seriously pollute the air noone would stop using them for that reason , because they are not able to see the consequences of that pollution directly or do not recognize them .

All at all , there wo n't be fewer cars in the future and in twenty years we have to expect an even bigger number than today .
This is a controvertial topic about whether the number of cars will reduce in twenty years .
As far as I am concerned , there will be fewer cars .
My reasons are listed as follows .

First , we should take a glance at the opposite opinions .
Some people will deem that with the rapid economic growth ( especially in China ) , people will continue to buy their own cars because it is a convenience to their lives , they do not need to wait a long time and get into a crowded bus , which is commonly seen in China .

However , these people seem to ignore several essential aspects that would lead to the reduce of the numbers of cars .
The important reason is that people 's awareness of protecting the environment is gradually increased .
We all recognize the fact thatour environment is facing serious problems caused by human pollution , like global warming and water pollution , air pollutions .
And the government as well as the increasing number of people are taking effort to protect the environment .
They can give up using of plastic bags , so they can also give up buying their own car .

The equally important reason is that the oil price skyrockted in the last year and the prices are going to increase in the future .
It is just too expensive to afford a car to the majority of people because they have to use a lot of money to support their family , to pay for the education fees of their children , and to pay for the medical services .
They will choose to use public transportations due to the higher and higher oil price .

Moreover , the government is taking great effort to build public transportations .
They use a large number of money on developing more rail road , more buses to every corner of the contry .
and also metros have been built to easing the heavy traffic in more and more big cities .

Taking into account of all the aspects mentioned above , I am firmly convinced with the opinion that the number of cars will reduce in twenty years .
I do not agree with the following statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
And I prefer for travel alone even though I will face many unknown problems because I think it will save my time and I will go to anywhere I want to without limitation .

Many people have a traditional idea that they must be in a group led by a tour guide when they travel .
But I think it is incorrect since it will waste your time .
Whenever you move to a new place , you must follow the tour guide 's step and can not control your time by yourself .
What you should do is waiting all the time even though you have been exhausted .
Waiting for other people who belong to your group to prepare , and waiting for the tour guide 's tedious introduction of some famous buliding or carve which you are of interested of at all .
Eventually time is up , and you have not do what you are desired to except hearing the words `` Because of no time , let us go back '' by your tour guide .

The second thing is that you can go to any places you are interested in if you travel alone .
Without the tour guide you can go to the museum or theare which may not be included in the schecule of a group led by a tour guide .
You can go the shopping mall to buy whatever things you like instead of lining on the traveling group to shop in a mall which is the tour guide 's recommendation .
Finally you can alos have food in the restraunts where serve you well and make you feel gorgeous .

So above are my reasons that traveling by yourself can get lots of benefits .
If I you make a decision to travel abroad and want to have a good time , try to do it by yourself .
Travelling in a group led by a tour guide coud be very interesting .
The tour guide is an expert so there is little chance that the group would miss out any tourist attractions that are worth visiting .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , travelling all by myself is much more exciting as it does not stop me from making spontaneous decisions and it also gives me time to think about my life and plan my future .

To begin with , being with a tour guide would mean that I have to follow the schedule that has been drawn up beforehand and this would be very boring for the group of travellers .
They have to visit places that are chosen by the tour guide even though they are not interested in them at all .
For example , I went on a school trip to China recently and we visited many famous gardens in China .
They were all beautiful , of course , but I am not really keen on looking around gardens so the trip was very boring for me .
If I was allowed , I would have visited other places of my choice but obviously , I was not .
Thus , when travelling as a group , it is very inconvenient that no-one is supposed to do any spontaneous actions .

Moreover , to some people , travelling could be very special in respect that it could be a deviation from their normal life .
They may need to take some respite from busy lives they lead .
For instance , I plan to have a gap year once I graduate from the high school and travel Europe all by myself .
This trip would make it possible for me to look back on my past life and it would also give me enough time to think about what I want to do in the future .
It is a lot better to travel alone when you need to ponder over important decisions to be made .
Hence , at some stage in their lives , people need to be solitary while travelling in order to have time to get the new energy to carry on with their lives .

To conclude , I believe that travelling as a group is not quite perfect for some because it restricts people from doing anything at the spur of the moment and also because it is impossible for people to have a quiet time by themselves to cool off their heads if they are with other people .
I do not intend to assert that travelling alone is the best for everyone as it really depends on individual 's personal preference .
The fundamental purpose of travelling is , I think , is to reflect on yourselves and if some people could do this while travelling as a group ,
In the past fifty years , the number of cars has continuously exploded as the need to move away from where one lives has made itself clear .
Such a dynamic has lead to an exhaustion of the oil ressources that will be effective in a few years from now .

The continuous development of asian and african countries unvariably goes along with a grow in their number of cars , making their gas consumption ever increasing , while the western countries ' keeps still .
Such an increase will ultimatly lead to the depletion of the energy that has kept them running until now : oil .
That depletion will lead to the reduction and ultimately to the extinction of the cars as they now exist , being ran on gas .

A total disapperance of the means of transportation on long distances would lead to the destruction of the western economy system which is not tolerated by those countries .
The rarification of oil has already led scientists to seeking new energies .
These so called `` green energies '' have to be available on a very large scale , storable and usable to run a car , without having any long term effect on nature , and having to be as safe as possible .
For the moment , chimical batteries have shown their limits as to how long they allow a car to be used before reloading the battery .
The Hydrogen battery that is for the moment the best shot for engine propulsion is still not effective enough and to dangerous for the users in case of a car crash .

For the moment , no viable solution has been commercialised on the market , and there is no knowing whether or not the solution will be found in the years to come .
But what is for sure is that once the signs of the real disappearance of oil are clear to every country , every one will seek solution that can support their economy , for their economy allows them to live .
So in twenty years time , the number of cars will not be lower than today , but higher as new populations us them .
But they will not be ran with oil .
So indeed , there will be fewer cars ran with oil than there are today .
Whether the young or the old enjoy life more than the other depends on how one would define `` enjoying life '' .
If I keep in mind the physical endurence of the body at young age and the old age , I am of the opinion that the young have more options to try out new activites thereby leading a more enjoyable life .

First reason for my view is that at old age the body does not allow a person do pursue an activity that he/she may be very fond off at young age .
For example , at a young age a person can try activities ranging from scuba-diving or sky diving to glass painting or even etching .
At a young age if there is inclination to be involved in an activity there would be no restrictions .
However as old age draws near , the bodily restrictions may not allow the older people to be able to be involve themselves with the same activities as the young people .
An activitiy like glass painting might sound like an activity very much possible at old age , however , those inflicted with arthirites at old age will not be able to pursue an simple activity such as this .
So a enjoyable activity like glass painting which be possible at young age would no longer be possible for the elderly .
Another example would be of a sport .
A person , who at a young age was very passionate about basketball or squash may no longer be able to play that sport as his body would not allow him/her to do so .
This would lead to less opportunities available to lead an enjoyable life .

Another reason for my view is that , with the fast pace life of today there are much more options available to our generation than what was available to our grandparents .
So an activity like long walks which would be considered a enjoyable activity in past may not be considered one any longer .

Admittedly , older people do enjoy the comfort of living a more relaxed life with less responsibilites , which might be fun in itself .
However , I am still be of the opinion that young people enjoy life more than the older people .

In sum I would agree that defintion of `` enjoying life '' may vary to the young and the old but keeping in mind the very fact that the young are able to do what the older people do and also a lot more , they definately have more options availble to enjoy life and thus lead a more exciting life and enjoyable life .
In the following I will try to discuss the statement and show examples in addition to my arguments .

First of all , we got to make sure that advertising products is a very important factor in todays economical competition .
The advertiser has to advertise the product , because in the competition of the market there will be a lot of similar products and much more that are alike .

The better the product is advertised , the more people will buy it .
The advertisement has to be as funny , as inventive , as surprising , as basic as possible depending on the target group .

Usually the advertisement tries to focuss the people 's interest on the product .
Of course the product is allways presented in the best light and the weaknesses are hidden , but the people now have the possibility to get information on the product and in todays media there are many ways .
There are papers on allmost every topic , from car to plants in your garden .
The internet provides an amount of product tests and mostly the product is just a better form of a former product , that should already known .

Because of these possibilities of informing oneself , I think it is not the fault of the advertisement if someone is disappointed about a product .

But sometimes you get the feeling that the producer has spent more time on the advertisement than on the product itself .
Only at this point , I think I can agree with the statement .
But developing a bad product and only focussing on the advertisement will be discovered soon by the users and affect the sales of the product badly .

Therefore I think it 's not in the interest of the company to bring bad products on the market and cut there own skin .

Lastly , it is very important to be aware that advertisment is a necessary part of a product circle and in that context I can not agree with this statement .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
These days , many young people are just playing around and some of them are even being obstacle to others .

In my country , Japan , the unemployed young people is being a serious problem .
They are the people who never goes outside and work .
They often get food supplies and hobby goods from their parents .
These people are surely not helping their communities , since they just spend most of the time playing computer games .
I have a friend that used to play a lot in childhood , but now that friend is staying in his house for all the day and doing nothing .
That friend 's mother was saying that it would be great if he get out from his room and start searching for job , since the family 's income is not sufficient .

There is other case too .
Some young people in Japan spend their time just running around their neighbourhoods with their motorcycles , usually with a very noisy sound of that motorcycles .
They can be very hostile and causes a lot of fights .
By those fights , public property could be destroyed , or other people might get injured too .
I got injured by those people last week .
I was just standing in the park , waiting for my friend , and those people came saying that the park is their place , so never enter .
They punced me in face , and I was badly injured .

Young people should be the ones who help and develop their communities , but it is not yet achieved in my country .
I think those people who are being obstacle to others should stop harming other people or destroying public property at first .
Then gradually , they can be helping their communities and could make it better .
I completely agree with this statement because ideas can be adapted depending on the circumstances and this adaptability can evolve into a successful result that was expected , so students can have the idea that if all circumstances are optimal , this result will be given .
Moreover , concepts are also important because they are not orientated to specific details of a situation , but to the general situation , so students can have a good aproximation of the result depending on the interaction of this circumstances .

On the other hand , facts can be different depending on the circumstances .
The results can vary and therefore it is difficultier to enclose a result .
In addition , facts are disputable because they usually occur in systems in which the interaction of different subsystems in that particular time brought that result .
But it is possible that the same result can never be repeated again unless the same subsystems interact at the same time and in that precise moment .

For example , Wal-Mart , one of the biggest Retailers in the world , sells ideas and concepts to its clients .
These ideas have been changing throughout time .
Sam Walton , once a Wharton student , stated that ideas and concepts can vary through time , but facts depend on each circumstance that can vary the result interacting with each other .
The demand changes constantly and the ideas that once worked for this business are now useless .
So students must learn the ideas and concepts that can vary through time and can produce different results other than facts that depend of the interaction of different subsystems .
Students will then be capable of directing those subsystems and managing them so as to get the desired results and be successful .
Generally I agree with the statement .
Understanding ideas and concepts is exactly what you need when you finished university and when you are going to work for a company .
There are some facts you have to know but it is definitly more important to understand concepts and ideas .

If you are a business student and you learn something about the product life cycle for example , you definitly have to understand how the cycle works ( the main idea of the cycle ) when you start a job in a marketing agency .
If your new boss or supervisor sees , that you understand the idea of the cycle and that you know how a certain product performs in the market , he will be glad to have you in his team .

But if you would n't remember this concept at all , although you learnd it in university , your new boss would ask himself if he maybe made a mistake by employing you .

If you just forget the correct names of all the stages of the cycle ( the facts ) , he would probably not even notice it .
And if , you could easily find the answer in a book or in the internet .
But remember that it is impossible to understand the whole idea or concept but just looking it up in the internet quickly !

Of course it is also important for all students to know some facts .
For instance a doctor must know the different indications between a little injury and a double-broken bone and a lawyer must have a really broad knowledge of the most common laws .

But in my opinion the main reason why students go to university is that they need to learn to connect the given facts .
No-one can be a lawyer by simply knowing all the laws , he must have the ability to connect the given information ( laws ) with the different opportunities to use them .
He must have a concept .
He will use a law-book with all the facts to help him , but he goes to university to learn what to do with the law-book .
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

Cars come along with people .
So I think the best way how to approach that topic is to startt with the population in 2026 .
We will have to face dramatic population changes all over the world .
While in Europe and the United States the population density will decrease , Asia and Africa will grow to an , till now , unbelieveable size .

Talking about Africa and Asia , we talk about a mainly poor part of the world .
Growing up in Europe and having had the chance to work in Asia extensively , I experienced first hand the fascination of cars on poor people .
Having cars getting cheaper , and if you consider the latest products from China , it will not take long to have a big part of the Chinese changing from bicyle to car .
India , that is following right after China will be next , followed by African countries etc .

To actually reduce the number of cars , an environmental awarness has to take part .
This already started to happen in Europe and the US and seeing the great increase of ZIP/Cars , car sharing and the efforts cities undertake to provide a convenient and reliable network for public transportation , we are just entering the right way .
A recent survey from BMW makes clear that the number of cars in the US and Europe will pretty much stay the same , only the environmental performance of the car , like alternative fuel vehicles etc. will get better .

In Asia and Africa this point is far down the road .
First the desire for wealth , that mostly includes a car , needs to be satisfied .
After going through the whole process of thinking about the environmental impact of cars on the world of our children , this may change to a `` better city , better life '' which is also the theme for the Expo 2010 in Shanghai .
We only can hope that Asia surprises with the high speed to get on less cars as it does in the current high speed urbanism .

You also need to question yourself where the old and worn out cars from Europe and the States go to .
Not all end up at a junkyard .
I remember that the old Volvo of my father has been sold by the car dealer to Namibia because there are no regulations and technical checks required by any authority .
So in some way with our behaviour in the Western World we contribute to the increase of cars in the world .

We only can hope that the postfossil time will bring alternate and more social ways of travelling and transportation and that one day we have to go to a museum to explain the word `` car '' to our grandchildren .
Now a days young people are more occupied with their needs and wants .
They usually get less time to serve for their community .

Individualism is spreading across the globe and youngsters are getting most affected by it .
They are becoming more selfish and care about only few people around them .
This makes them indifferent to the problems of the community .
The needs and wants of the young people are increasing at a very high rate .
Thus , they spend less time doing community work .
The high level expectations of youngsters out of themselves make them study and work harder .
This leaves them with less time to help others .

Though the young people are getting more conscious about their enviornment and people around them , they consider the problems associated with the community and the enviornment less important than their own problems .
They consider personal enjoyment more important than societal development .
This can be seen by example of lesser number of younsters who go for social service than number of youngsters who party quite often or study more .

In some segment of society , young people now are more distracted by the modernization of the society .
They prefer to go to a party or hang out with friends as compared to help their parents in their work .
In other segment of the society , the decrease in concern for the community is also due to increased pressure from their parents .
Now parents are more concerned about future of their children and thus nurture them to study and work for more hours .
This results in less interaction of the children with the society and hence , less concern for the community .
The pressure from the society and parents make them introvert and selfish .

But sometimes the youngsters do help their communities by inventing new things and implementing new ideas .
For example , some young scientist may invent a machine which can efficiently remove hazardous materials from water in lesser cost .
This invention does help society .

Youngsters now a days do not help their communities much .
Instead they prefer either to party or study .
They have developed selfish attitude .
Though in some cases they help their communities indirectly by their inventions , but that happens occassionally .
In my point of view I completely disagree with the statement `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
In my country , everyone enjoys life as much as possible and for them they do not care about their age .
For them age is just a number ; they think that the spirit that is within themselves is what matters .
So they enjoy their lives to its maximum in any period of time .
And so , do i .

Besides , everyone has many goals , and one of them is to enjoy life .
So no matter what age you are you can enjoy life .
For instance a child could be thinking that he is enjoying life when he/she is playing with his/her friends , now let 's see a old person having a vacation on the Bahamas spending his/her time with the person that he/she loves .
In my point of view , both people , the child and the old person are enjoying life , and i do not see why would one of them enjoy life more than the other .

As i said before everyone has a spirit and i personally do not think that the spirit get older as the days pass by .
Within one 's spirit there is energy .
Energy is what takes us from one place to another ; to eat or not to eat ; to do things or not to things ; to enjoy life or not to enjoy life .
So then , if everyone has a spirit that means that they also have energy , therefore everyone has an equal amount of energy to enjoy life at any period of time .
To put in other words , age does not matter for someone to enjoy life .

In conclusion , young people do not enjoy life more than older people do because we are all the same .
It is true that when you get older the muscles start to be more flexible and solf and tends to break more easily than if you were young .
But muscles do not have anything to do with enjoying life .
It is also true that as you get older , your brains develops in different steps and so you can think more deeply about things that interest or bother you .
But does that affect whether you enjoy life more than others ? .
Well , in my opinion my answer would be no .
In life there are situations for everything .
In case of this statement I belive that there are certain times when the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide but there are also sometimes that you want to travel with your family , friends or by yourself .
It depends on your expectations of the trip and how you like to travel .

Traveling with a tour guide is always much more practical and easier .
Here , most of the time things work as they are supposed to work .
Flights are booked , hotels have reservations , restaurants are good , times are scheduled and things just run easly .
This is a perfect choice for a first time visit to a place .
If you only have a couple of days , and want to get to know as much as you can , a tour is perfect .
It will show you all around , the most interesting sites and what everyone talks about .

In the other hand , traveling by yourself is completely different , here you get to make your own choices .
You decide when you want to wake up , at what time and where you want to go to dinner and what museums you want to go visit .
This is a much more relaxing time .
It is a perfect situation for a second time visit , here you get to go to the places you most liked the last time you visited and do exactly what you want .
It requires much more individual planning , well no one is going to to that job for you , but it also has certain priviledges .

I also belive that a group and a tour is not a thing for everyone .
You have to be tolerant with the other people around and you have to let people boss you .
If you are not a type or person that likes to rush and be with a lot of people , traveling by yourself is the best choice .

i dont think you can say what is best , you just have to consider the type of trip you want to have and the type of person you are .
then you can make the right choice and enjoy a perfect trip .
I think the statement that ` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities ' is too general .
It always depends on the type of person whether he wants or does not want to serve his community .
There have always existed people who owing to there ambitions or vested interest do not give time to helping their communities .
So saying that this is the case at present only , would be very unfair .
There are numerous examples of young people world over who made it their lifes target to serve their community .

But I would agree to the point that there has been a considerable decrease in the number of young people serving their communities .
This is mainly do the following reasons .
Due to the process of rapid globalization the belief of ones community is decreasing as people now consider themselves more a part of the worlds cosmopolitan community rather than to aparticular community .
Also due to the ever increasing competetion in evey field the young people do not find much time to serve their community .
The high amount of stresses the youth are undergoing due to the ever increasing work pressure make them believe in enjoying whatever free time they get .
So they are more inclined to merryment and parties in their free time rather than to serve their community .
Earlier the reason for more contribution by the youth towards their community and country was that most of the countries were under alien rule and were fighiting for their freedom .
So this generated more patriotic tendencies among the young people .
Today this factor is absent at most of the places .

I feel that todays youth are more inclined to first make their lives successful and then at a later stage in life when they have achieved their targets they contribute to their community .
For example Bill Gates , in his youth might not have found much time to serve his community to agreat extent , but now that he has achieved his targets he is contributing a lot to the people of America .

In my country India , there is a group called RSS which is mainly composed of young people with senior leaders to guide them .
The main objective of the group is community service i.e. serving people in cases of drought , flood , natural calamities or any problem for that matter .
Also in college we have students teaching underpriveleged people free of costs in the evening hour .
So we find that though there has been a decline in the number of people serving there communities but still there is lot of work being done by the young people .
Here I would also like to point out that though some young people might not be serving their community in particular but by working in the field of scientific advancement in nation which offer better opportunities they are serving the humanity as a whole and so they are also serving their communities .

Thus I partially agree with the statement that thought there has been a decrease in the number of youth serving their communities but still there are youth making efforts in this direction .
Also they might not be contributing much in their youth but in a later stage of life when they have achieved their goals they contribute in a big manner .
On one hand , many people feel that the advertisements create an awareness about the product and product 's features , while on the other hand many people feel that the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I also agree that the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Due to increased competion in this world , all the producers of a particular product wants to make a claim that their product is the best .
For example , in the cola market , both pepsi and coke claims that their product is the best and contains all the features to make a person happy .
While advertising their own product they also go ahead to criticise the other product .
But the choice of each person varies for a particular kind of product , so I feel that the claim that their product is the best , is over advertisement .

Another example I would like to mention here is about the soap products .
Many soap producers show in their advertisement that due to the usage of their product , a person is looking very young and it is very difficult to guess that person 's age etc .
While making this claim they totally ignore other factors that contributes to this appearance .
A person can not look young by just using a particular soap .
To look young , the person has to eat nutritious food , should exercise regularly and should not have much tensions .
It may depends on lot of other factors too .
But these advertisements totally ignore all these factors .

So I feel that the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are due to increased competiton and desire to succeed in the market .
Due to this competion , while advertising the advertiser ignores lot of other factors which contributes to the desired results in the audience .
I aree only partially with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they do well .
Although , trying newer things keeps up the growth graph and helps a person to rise above the rest but equally true is the fact that one can be equally successful in some thing in which he or she has both , experience and expertise .

To excel in any field , its extemely crucial to know ones job correctly and efficiently .
This excellence can be achieved by hard work and spending more time on the job at hand .
In other words , experience and diligence is the key to success .
For this reason , I belive that those people who do the same thing over a long period of time or do it well , do become successful .
For example , a mechanic specializing in repairing electronic gadgets can achieve enough success even if he sticks to that very job forever .
People shall always trust him more than the neophytes in the profession .
However , if he changes his job or tries to multitask in more number of jobs , he might end up spoiling his established work and not even getting the customer 's support in the new area in which he will now become a beginner .

However , trying out different things in life cannot be seen with any contempt .
It is always said that if you stop growing , you would soon start declining .
Staying in just one thing and doing nothing else can easily stagnate a person and stagnant water is worth nothing more than a breeding place for mosquitoes and deadly diseases .
Therefore , it is as proper to keep experimenting in life .
One should always learn newer and better stuff and become adroit in them .
At the same time , one must never forget to keep in touch with the original talent and maintain it .

Conclusively , Whether you decide to stay in your discipline , or diversify , success can be all yours , provided , you do it with sincerity and hardwork .
I agree with the statement that ` Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well ' .
Successful people always have some rules and regulations and preplans everything , they do in advance and get success by implementing those rules and regulations .
They are having very strong determination and will power to get success in their work .

Let us consider an example of the great freedom fighter who was well known as Mahathama Gandhi of the country India .
He had been successful in implementing the non-violence movement and also bringing awareness among the people about the movement and succeded in gathering the people and bringing in them awareness .
He had struggled lot for bringing freedom to the country with the coperation of other leaders .
He had all the qualities which had mentioned in the 1paragraph .
He was puntual and sincere and hardworker and also the best freedom fighter among all the freedom fighters of India .
He had taken a risk in implementing a new movement and succeded in it .

In another example , consider a good proffessor .
A good proffesor normally make plans evrything he has to teach for students in advance .
He will make a proper time table and also how to prepare students for exams and get success in it .
He even prepares how to mobilize the students for their future career .
During the class sections , he will implement all the palns he had been made before .
He will finish the portion in time and prepare students well for exams and also give suggestions to thier career .

Finally , I conclude that successful man always preplans everything and follow his rules and regulations .
In former example , if Mahathama Gandhi thought that why to take risk then he may not succeed in bringing freedom to the country .
In later example also , if a proffessor thinks that why to take risk in giving suggestions to students about their career then he may not be a successful proffessor .
So I will say that a successful man always try for new things and take risks rather than doing regular things what he has known .
With the different state between young people and older people , the style they choose to live in is significantly varied .
Compared to the difference , I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

As all known well , young people have more energy than the old , and they are full of imagination and creation .
They regard life as a more colorfull way than the older do .
Take school teachers for example , a large quantities of them says they love thier vocation as teaching .
A main reason for this is that they are exposed to young people , whose thoughts are fresh and lives are lively .
Teachers are obsessed by the joyness of young people .
By living with them , teachers are sometimes find themselves back in thier young pirod .

Besides , when off campus , young people have more purchasing ability than older people , so the amount of money they spend in varied typed of recreation are larger than order people spend .
For young people , they are more likely to obtain the happiness through buying new clothes , shoes , movies as well as eating out in fine restaurant with friends .
With the supplying of money , they can realise enjoy their life in such ways .
What 's more , the internet seems more attractive to young people than the older .
Young people enjoy sufing in the internet including chating with thier friends and even by web-camara .
In this way they enjoy life more than older people do .

Last but not the least , the society gives more oppurtunities to enjoy their lives to young people .
For example , young people often go to sing songs in such places that older people seldom go .
Along this , facilities like instant shoting with many kinds of backgroud in the picture that older poeple nearly never do .

In conclusion , young people ' lives are more interesting than older people .
With curiosity and energy , young people can always find their life enjoyable through kinds of methods .
During the past decades , the introduction of a new marketing idea to increase the sells of a specific product were seeing in many parts of the world , this idea were the `` Advertisements '' .

As the question states , I stronly support the idea that products seems much better in their advertisments than they are truly are once you bought the product .
This can be easily found in all the health or beauty products that you can found in every corner of the entire planet .
By having an advertisment on T.V. it shows to the public not only the introduction of a new product but it also shows the `` advantages '' of using that product with the minimum aspect of having the desire result in a long period of time and | or using more than one time .
This is most likely the effect they have on a population .
Another important aspect that support the idea of looking a product which seems much better than it usually is , is by hiring well-known personalities in different areas of the entertainment market , examples of this can be identified by using a 24 year model using a product that will reduce the number of scars in her backside , or using a football player drinking a new product that will increase his perfomance during a sport activity .

Although it is important to notice these aspects , there is also important to focus on the new recently developed ideas that companies are trying to use these days and it is proving quite succesufull , this is the use of common people that resemble or is trying to be identified the real needs of the people , one example is having fast-food products that you can eat and enjoy while you are eating if you do not have time for have a proper breakfast or your time is reduced because of your work .
However , every product we see had a marketing process before the product was totaly aproved and was showed to the `` future '' buyers by imposing a much better idea that displays in an advertisments than they are really are , but it is also important to have a balance and try to satisfy the some needs of the buyer , because by not fullfulling this aspect , the company will more likely starts to loose customers , so they have to keep that in mind by not showing a product that will `` possible '' deliver to the customers a fill some of their needs in order to prevail the product as well the reputation of the company .
Although the car market is a harsh business as we can see from the crash of companies such as General motors or Rover , I do not agree with the statement saying that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use that there are today for two main reasons .

First , the developed countries that are today the first customers for cars are still developing new markets with electric cars or hybrid cars and the cars market is going really well .
Moreover , western countries populations are very attached to cars since they allow people to be independant and go wherever , whenever they feel like it .
In some coutries you can not imagine how it would be without cars .
In the United States for example , people would not be able to live properly since in most city you can not do anything without a car .
And plublic transportation system are not efficeint enough to make citizens to abandon their cars for buses or subways .

The second factor that makes it impossible for the numbers of cars to reduce in the next twenty years is already in motion .
Countries which used to be underdevelopped are now emerging and have a flourishing economy .
These coutries , like China or India are generally overpopulated and as soon as these population reach a decent leaving standard they will get cars .
This phenomenon is alreay happening in China where rods are being built everywhere and people getting cars .
With a population of more than a billion person China will soon be the first customer for cars and also the first producer .
It is impossible that the number of cars will be reduce in the next twnty years because there are many other countries like India or China that are just waiting for their turn to be developped .

So basically it can not be said that there will be fewer car in use in twenty years since the market is doing good in western countries and that a whole new market id developping in the newly developped countries .
I agree with the opinion that in these times younger people are more likely to spend their time with other things than in spending it in helping their communities because of the following reasons .

First , the continous advance of technology over the last couple of years has created a completely new world of media and arcade possibilities .
Young people are influenced from all sides with computer games , various TV programs and the Internet .
So they invest their time in these things instead of doing beneficial work for their community .

Second , and this point relates in some parts from the first point , the availability and the access to this various kinds of entertainment tools nowadays prevents young people from concentrating on their school or studies which somewhat is also a negativ aspect on their communities , because when a community has n't a lot of educated young people , it will appear that these communities will look underdeveloped when comparing them with other communities .
On the other hand young people that are not interested in school or in good education tend to be uninterested in their communities aswell .

So in paragraph one and two we considered only those young people that are somehow affected in a bad way from things that promise amusement and therefore leave their responsibilities behind .
If we consider young people that are very encouraged and challenged students of school or university I feel that it can also appear that some of these students are too overwhelmed with their studies and would more likely try to achieve a good educational goal than investing their time in their community which obviously and on the short-term would n't affect them and from which they have hardly any benefit ( so do they think ) .
In today 's world ( young ) people are getting more and more selfish and do n't see any sense in helping someone or something without getting any benefit for themselfes from it .

Summing the mentioned points up , nowadays it is not so unusual that young people are not interested in helping their communities because of the immense influence of media and technology and the increasing responsibilities that students have and the selfishness that tends to appear in our today 's anonymous and cold society .
I disagree , I do not think that in twenty years there will de fewer cars in use than there are today .
People who think differently probably feel protecting the enviroment merits strict regulation restricting car use .
Nonetheless , such regulations have proven , in many instances , to accomplish the contrary regulatory goal .
For example , in places such as Bogota , Colombia , longstanding restrictions on car use have helped to improve the traffic situation during rush hours .
Nevertheless , such restrictions have been ineffective as regards the overall number of cars in use .
The restriction implemented in Bogota , and other Colombian cities , allocates the right to use a vehicle during rush hour on certain days , depending on the last number of the license plate .
For example , license plates that end with the number `` 2 '' may be used on mondays , wednesdays , and fridays , an not on tuesdays and thursdays .
Such a meassure has greatly increased the demand for automobiles , since peolpe are not willing to use the preecarious transport system in place in the city , and prefer to buy a second car in order to avoid the restriction .

Considering the exponentiality of birth rates , and the importance of car manufacturers as job generators , I think it is safe to assume that more and more people will become car buyers , and automotive industry employees .
I also think that researching better fuel alternatives , and better , enviromental friendly materials and car construction techniques may lessen the impact the industry has on the enviroment .
In sum , I do not think the number of cars will decrease in twenty years time for four reasons .
First , Restrictive regulation is not always the best alternative , and sometimes even makes the situation worse .
Secondly , there is no reason to beleive that that overall demand will decrease , given the fact that population increases , and ecomonies such as China , which are waking up will surely fuel the market for more than 20 years .
Thirdly , the industry generates a lot of jobs , it is very important , and lastly new technologies may lesser
The education process has evolved during recent decades .
In the past decades , students were tought in a way that would only permitted them to memorize facts .
The importance of education relied on accepting facts rather than understanding them .
Things have changed , and nowadays students should understand ideas and concepts rather than learning only facts .
The world demands well prepared people capable of analyzing situations , solving problems and proposing ideas .

When students understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts they are able to develop a process of constant and connected learning .
They are able to apply ideas and concepts at different fields and they can find relations within different subjects .
They have a broader spectrum of ideas that they can develop into competences throughout their student life .
This makes the knowledge process smooth at all levels of education .
Students are encouraged to understan rather than simply accepting ideas .

The problem with learning only facts is that it partializes the knowledge .
A student would only memorize facts for a certain subject and it would not be able to find its aplicability in other fields .
Facts only respond to specific details and eventough they are useful , they can not constitute the pure basis for education .
Facts do n't permit discussion .

As an example of what I have presented before we can analyze a history class .
It is different to learn history learning only dates and facts that took place at a certain time , than to undestand ideas and concepts that lay behind the facts .
If a student is able to see the connection between events and to undestand the conditions that gave birth to a certain fact they would undestand many of the things that take place today .

As a conclusion I would say that the education process needs facts as well as undestanding ideas and concepts but the last one , is more important for developing a well constructed and supported knowledge .
In my opinion , the early you give a student the possiblity to do this , the better he/she wil performed in academic life .
As a first comment , I wouls say that there are two ways of being successful after having taken risk .
The first one is when you are still alive after action and more wealthy than before , The second one when you killed yourself while taking a huge risk endangering a family or a whole community .
But this is more philosophy than real explanation ...
what is success ...

Generaly speaking , this is true that people who take risks are more successful than others .
This is right for many reasons .
First , they challenge their own mind , or what they have learned just because they dont feel confortable with regular rules .
In fact they cannot live with what has been given to them , they have to re-invent the wheel or try something else like Bill Gates did in his garage .
Because they feel free in their head , they find new solutions and new ideas that save money or facilitate once life with products or ideas that every one will buy or follow .
Very often they invest they own money or borrow a big amout of money .
But money doesn t make all the difference .
This is because they have taken this risk with a huge faith in their project that they are successful .
They never stopped even if they failed once .

In other cases they put their own life in danger and one of the best example could be what the Appolo 13 team has achieved .
The fact of only doing things that are very wee known and established is always leading to the end of an era or a civilisation and everybody knows this and this is why the populations recognize easily their heros that are taking risks .

We are used to say they take risk but in fact in many case they have nothing to loose or they dont even see the risk they are taking just because this is simply their own way of living .
as the time passe , the world undergo many changes in all fields and aspects of life .
people can sense the changes in their surroundings , their life styles and ofcoures in their attitudes towards different issues .

we may think of the coming future in many different ways and see it from variuos point of views .
some of us are obtimistic looking at the future from a positive out look , expecting the best to come and hoping for further development with less damage .
others see the future from a different angle , thinking that the non-stop progress of modern technology will bring the earth into an unpleasant end .

the future is not our time it is the time of our comoing generations , we only have the present time , and only the present time that we could change and improve , however , our actions in the present time will participate in shaping the future , therefore we have to consider both the short term and long term consiquences of any action that we are about to take inorder to ensure our childern a better and safer future .

it is hard to predict wether if the number of cars in 20 years will be more or less than the presnt time .
taking into account the rapid growth of world population and the increasing life demands , that urges people to move from one place to an other , to get their needs done .
you may think that the number of cars is more likely going to increase by two or three folds , this is unlikely to happen for few reasons , first , in oredr to fit this great number of cars new roads should be built and the old one should be expanded to fit the significant number of cars , which means that government have to reconstruct the infrastructure of the cities in order to apply such alterations and to so great deal of money must be spent that will most probably exceed the government 's budget in most countries , on top of that the international economy is declinig and the economist perdicitons indicate that this decline will continue for next 40 or 50 years ahead .
governments will search for more effective means for transportation that produce less environmental hazards , like under developing the current under ground transportations and increasing the capacity also some regulating laws may be passed in which cars are not allowed to be used unless if the number of passangers exceeds 4 people .

as a result the number of cars in the future is most likely to remain the same if not decline upon the intorduction of new transporation means .
In order to sell a product the first thing you have to do is advertise it , to make it known by the people , otherwise they product wo n't be sold , does n't matter if it is good or bad .
In the next paragraphs I am going to explain why I consider advertisement make products seem much better than they actually are and why companies do this .

First , we have to consider the subject of Advertisement as a branch or subdivision of Marketing , in other words Marketing uses Advertisement to promote the product or service the company trades .
In order to make the product popular , the marketers , publicists and publicity companies have to make the product very attractive sometimes over highlighting the product 's features and benefits .
Sometimes they create multimillonaire campaigns to promote products that are not necessarilly the best in the market .
For example in Eastern Europe a couple of years ago , they make a very big promotional campaign for one car , the Dacia .
The ads said that is was a cheap car , the `` car for the people '' they stated , that is was very economic , that have a traditional european design and that it will be the best deal for families and young people .
What they did n't mention was that altough its nice exterior design , the interior was very poor and cheap , and even more serious , that car needed a lot of visits to the mechanic after the first 100.000 miles .
As a result a lot of people was unsatisfied and agry with the company that told them that was the best option around .

Furthemore , when we consider advertising to make products look good , we just have to watch the tv commercials , or the internet where companies promote their products in a very glamourous way sometimes .
We can see beautiful models , actors or actresses talking about a product or service that is not really as good as it seems .
For instance , recently a friend of mine was interested in a computer he saw on the internet , the design seemed very nice , with a wide screem and a lot of software installed .
After a few months the operating system stopped working well and that computer did n't come with the original system back up disks , so he have to pay a lot of money to get it fixed to the same company that sold it to him .

As a conclusions , nowadays in the market we can find a very wide range of products that seem to be perfect and that last forever .
The true is that is not always the case and we always have to try something before we buy it in order to verify what the seller promesses just to sell more units .
Some people might believe that Learning the facts is more important to students .
But personally I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Here are the reasons and examples from my experiences to support my opinion .

First , I am thinkig about my mathematics class in high school .
I learned many facts how to solve the problems .
My teacher just taught the method to solve the problem .
We did n't focus much on the theory , which is origin of the solving method .
I was good at solving problems on exams , but now I forgot most of problem solving methods .
I cannot apply to real life .
I believe it is caused by learning just facts , not the whole ideas or concepts .

Second , I want to talk about my design class at college .
Professor taught about wide variety of the ideas and concepts of the art history .
And she gave the specific facts of each ideas and concepts .
It is much easier to approach the class because we understand the ideas and concepts first , it helped a lot to understand each characteristics and facts .
It also helped when I developed my design and portfolio .
If I just learn how to make the portfolio with same way or how to sew my design just following the direction , How can it be different from others ?

In conclusion , We should understand the ideas and concepts first .
This is the way we can reapply the ideas and concepts to real life .
If we just learn the facts , we cannot be creative and reapply the ideas and concepts to the real life .
I truly believe the statement that understand ideas and concepts is more important to students than learning facts .
I have to disagree with the statement because of the numerous points that could be immediately come up with that contradice it .
It is also prudent to consider the point which might disprove my stand , but it also will be falsified in the last paragraph .

The first reason for more cars in twenty years is that the fuel that is necessary to run cars i.e. gasoline , is not going to run out any time soon .
A common misconception is that the world 's fuel supplies will dry up in fifty years to come .
Actually , there are huge deposits of oil in developing and under developed countries which are unexploited .
There are also huge reserve deposits in developed countries , like the reserves in Siberia and Arctic Sea regions of Russia .
With gasoline , the most convenient mode of transportation for people , atleast right now and probably for atleast twenty years to come , would be cars .

Secondly , the developing countries generally consider developed nations as role models in community , economic and industrial development .
This , combined with the fact that most of the people in developed countries would want to drive their own cars , proves that the number of cars in developing countries would definitely increase .

Nowadays cars are introduced in a wide spectrum of models which appeals to all .
Apart from this , the technology and instruments to make cars are gtting cheaper which makes cars available to everyone .
This can be supported by the fact that Tata Motors is on the verge of introduction of a car for just one lakh rupees in India .
This would enable more people to buy cars .

Car sports like rallies and the world famous Formula One make cars even more popular .
Not that anyone is going to buy a Formula one for city use , but the craze is enough for some people to convince themselves to buy some of the meanest machines available .
The famous computer game `` Need for Speed '' is one example of media popularising cars .
In the game , cars are available in the weirdest designs and can be customised .
These ideas promote people to buy cars .

The only reason which might contradict the theme of this passage is fuel costs .
Yes , they are going high .
Despite this , figures suggest that car numbers are increasin in the world .
Nowadays , competition among companies is increasing .
Companies use any means possible to make profits .
Advertisements are used to reach their targets and to sell their products regardless the qualities .
I do agree that advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

First , advertisements present only a picture of products .
Televisions are one of the main way used by companies to conduct advertisements .
Products seem very great when watching televisions .
There is no way to touch the product .
One cannot have physical contact with this product .
Subsequently , it is hard to verify the product 's quality .
I recently ordered a cell just by calling the phone number I saw on television during advertisements .
The cell phone seemed very good .
It had many features .
But , I did return this product because it was not working .
It was quite different from what advertisements showed .

Second , advertisements are conducted to make money .
Companies pay a lot of money to get their products known by customers .
Televisions or media in general do not care about the qualities of products being advertized .
It is therefore a contract between companies suppliers of products and televisions companies .
The contract has to be fullfiled bu each party .
customers ' interests are not really a concern .
Companies expect to sell their products towards advertisements .
Most of time , these companies will refuse to replace a defective product .
Customers are therefore victims of false advertisements because of companies that are only motivated by making profits .
Making profits is common .

Because advertisements make productts much better , customers have to pay more attention .
They have to make sure that producs are of great quality .
Products should therefore be sold with mandatory warranty period in order to prevent customers from false advertisements .
This is very important today .
I strongly believe that the youth of today is committed to help their communities .
Even in today 's competitive world , we see numerous examples where the young people take out substantial time from their busy schedule for their communities ' help .

First , let us address the concept of community ?
The term ` community ' can be defined as a group of people , organisations or cultures that are motivated by a common manifesto .
Let us take 3 different examples to support the claim made above .

The concept of ` National Social Service ' or NSS is quite old in India .
It is a community of college going student volunteers that reaches to the under-privileged sections of their respective communities to ensure their upliftment .
In a recently concluded survey on its efficacy , it was heartening to note that 68 % of those asked were already a part of this service and had made on an average 15 visits in the last 4 months to various places .
And another 86 % were willing to help raise old clothes and stuff that would be useful for the poor .

Another example is that of the religious sects .
The youth today has ensured that they celebrate their religious functions with their utmost fervor .
This ensures that the religious principles are upheld which are so necessary for the spiritual well-being of a community .
In the recently concluded ` Navratri ' , one of the biggest Hindu celebrations in India , the youth was at its energetic best .
Across places , beautiful and decorative sculptures of gods were made for the people to worship .
Different groups of young people helped raise funds for the functions in their respective areas .

After the recent ` Mumbai blasts ' on 11th July , there has been a new committment on part of the youth .
Efforts to increase awareness amongst their communities are going on .
Mumbai saw a huge rally of around 20,000 college students to appeal for communal harmony on the next day of the blasts .
This was followed by a huge movement throughout India where the students formed groups and volunteered to distribute pamphlets about the ways to improve the awareness and internal security .
Numerous students came forward during incidents like Gujarat earthquake , Kargil War , Bihar floods , etc. and even in the rehabilitation process which took very long .

Thus the 3 examples above depict how the young people nowadays help in the economic , spiritual and social well-being of their communities .
Knowing and learning facts is important , but it is not everything that is necessary to live a successful life .
The statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts. '' is absolutelly correct .

What advantage do I have , if I can name all presidents of the US , or if I know all distances from the Earth to the planets if I do not know how to use this knowledge or where to refer it to .
Factual knowledge , in my opinion , is simply usefull in quiz shows .

On the other hand , if a student understands the idea and the concept of a problem , he or she is going to succeed .
If the student understands the problem or the idea , he or she will be much more likely to solve it .
Factual knowledge may only underpin the action but it is not going to lead to a solution .

An other aspect stating the importance of the understanding of ideas and concepts , is the fact , that those students will remember things easier , because they are able to refer it to a specific topic .
They may also be able to use this earned knowledge on other things and be able to understand those things faster .

By understanding ideas and concepts it will be much easier for them to remember facts , without even pointing them out as facts .
As an example , let 's have a closer look on two students taking a history test .
One student has simply studied the facts , has learnd the years and the events , but does n't know how those events connect and refer to each other .
It will be hard for this student to answer a question that asks to summarize or give an own opinion about their actions .
The other student on the other hand , focuses more on the `` why-questions '' , such as why did they do this or why did it end like this .
Even if he does not remember the exact years , he will be able do answer difficult questions because he knows how everything is related to each other .
It will be easy for this student to settle back in this time and act accuratively .

Taking everything into account , I think that students who understand the ideas and concepts will remember facts automatically , because they are able to refer them to something they are familiar with .
Those students who simply learn facts , are most likely to forget them as soon as the test , etc. is over .
And in my opinion , that is not the goal .
The goal for each student should be to understand the ideas and concepts and remember them as long as possible .
The statement that there would be fewer cars in use in the next twenty years compared to today seems a far fetched and over ambitious thought .
The reasons why I seriously doubt the authenticity of this claim are as follows .

The cars have been for the past century been considered one of the most reliable form of transport .
It has been employeed by people living in all sorts of geographic locations across the globe .
These mechanical wonders are known to be convenient , and are durable enough to sustain a life time of10 - 15 years at a bare minimum .
The skilled labour which is used for car maintenance is also present in abundance .
Thereby , Its never a big problem if the car develops some flaws .
So far , no such alternative has come up which can actually substitute the cars .

Agreed there have been a few problems in terms of the pollution caused by the car engines which is leading to a sharp increase in global warming .
But this does n't really means we need to discard the cars altogether .
All that is needed is some form of modification in the type of engines employeed in the cars .
For instance , Gas engines could lead way to electic engines .
Also the recent developments in the discovey and application of Biodiesel could go a long way in ensuring that the cars are in use for the decades to come .
This sorts out the much hyped problem of diminshing fossil fuels which had been used so far for operating the cars .

Assuming that we do get a breakthrough technology today , which provides a more efficient and economically viable option to the cars , I seriously doubt whether that transition from cars to the newer option could be even half complete in a limited time span of 20 years .
There are a number of practical and financial aspects involved which would impede such transition at a rapid pace .
The powerful car manufacturers cant be expected to go out of business that soon .
They employ millions of skilled labour all over the world .
And for the benefit of the global economy , increased usage and number of cars is the required symptom .

Car manufacturing companies will try their level best to ensure that cars still remain a lucrative option for people by introducing modifiactions in the present cars from time to time .
The amount of money poured into researches in improving the car is likely to make the cars better , attractive and far more efficient .
The much awaited use of artificial intelligence interfaced with cars is already anticipated to create quite a stir .
These next generation cars can not be easily supplanted by any other form of transport , and if at all , then certainly not in next 20 years .

It would be safe to say that cars will continue to stay an integral part of our lives in the coming decades and continue to enchant us .
As an old saying goes , in order to be a good scholar or scientist , one should know ` something about everything , and everything about something ' .
This statement obviously refers to an idealistic condition , as it would be very hard , for any real-life person , to thoroughly fulfill any of the two requirements ; it does quite effectively convey , however , the idea that a detailed specialistic preparation loses its purpose , without the background of an adequate general culture , and conversely that generic knowledge itself is futile , if one does not pick up a field of interest in which to seek excellence .

I think that broad knowledge can be useful as a support , as an exercise for the mind , as an extensive source of models and possibilities that may be applied to one 's own specialistic needs .
Specialistic knowledge , nowadays , changes by the blink of an eye : I 'm thinking for instance of medicine , which is my own field of interest .
A good general culture will help you absorb new ideas and techniques more quickly and efficiently , and will help you find new ways around problems .
In fact , gathering specialistic knowledge is all about following the steps of the great who preceded you in your own path ; but if you are looking to open a new way , you may well have to use other models and ideas that can be found in your own , peculiar culture and experience .

On the other hand , it is very difficult to actually do anything constructive , without choosing to specialize in some branch of knowledge of science .
` Knowing something anout everything ' , to get back to the old saying , can hardly take anyone to having a job , or to do it well ...

Drawing my conclusions , I would say that i mainly disagree with the statement provided , in that I think that specializing is essential to play a productive , original role in any branch of culture and , I daresay society .
General knowledge , anyway , remans a powerful tool to help you excel in your own specialization field .
I would end by suggesting that , until the age of 18 or so , education should be aimed at building up general knowledge , or , better , to formation rather than to instruction .
Then , everyone who chooses to go on studying should be encouraged to choose a fitting specialization .
I think that in my country right now , committing choices in young people 's learning paths are being way too much anticipated , and the risk is that the professionals of the future be narrow-minded super-experts .
I am definitely not agree with the idea that asserts older people can not enjoy life as young people do .
I will explain my reasons of course .
First of all , I believe that older people know a lot about life .
They have a lot of experience about life .
This gives them a very significant advantage on doing the right things .
It means that they can do the proper things to enjoy .
They do not vaste time to see if something is enjoyable or not .
Because they know what is fun , they will just do the things they like .

Second , although many people believe that older people does not enough energy as young people , this is not something totally true .
If an older person take care of herself or himself then there is no need to worry about .
Older people can do anything that they want , provided that it is safe .
Of course some things may have some risks , but do not forget that the young people also have these risks .

Third , enjoying the life does not need to have the same meaning to everybody .
Different people like different things .
It is not something releated with age .
While some people may find the literature as enjoyable , some other may not .
For example , I am not crayz about football , but my little brother is getting mad at playing and watching football even just seeing the players .
On the contrary , despite my love of literature , he has no interest on this .
There is not a generation gap between us .
There is only two-year gap .
In my opinion it reveals that age is not important to enjoy something .
If a person wants to enjoy something , he or she will definitely find a way .

To sum up , as I tried to explain above , I do n't think that age matters in enjoying life .
It is not the age that making the things enjoyable or not , but characters of people that makes the world enjoyable .
If you want to enjoy the life , take my word for it , there are limitless opportunities to do so .
It is up to you .
If we had the possibility to go to live for a short period in the past , but not too far , maybe just sixty or seventy years ago , we would have been shocked to see how many things have changed .
If we speak to an elderly person , about 80 years old , surely he/she will say that he/she does n't recognise this world anymore .
The behaviour of the people has changed , the way they consider and judge things which surround their town , they community , or their city is completely and totally different .

As far as I am concerned , I partially agree with this statement .
It is certainly true that the young generation does not give the right importance to helping the community they live in .
Infortunately , nowadays they are just interested in building up their careers , in climbing the career ladder , in going to parties , in getting drunk , and other millions of similar thing .
I my opinion , however , in not good blame just young people , and the reason I am saying this is that we must not forget that is the society or , better said , the entirely world which pushes in this way .
Everyone must be rich , must have a fats and expensive car , everyone must have a huge and impressive house , etc ...
I am not surprised that young people are becomig more and more selfish and money-oriented .
In these day we do n't have any more the positive values and the moral and ethical rules that our grandfathers had in the past century !

Moreover , my personal opinion is that this change in the behaviour and in the concern in the community problems is not just related to the new or young generation .
In fact , also adults or `` old and mature '' people are affected by this new disease : we can call it `` money-desire '' .
More and more grandpas or grandmas are left alone and without a real love and care by their relatives , because their children or their grandchildren are too busy too think about their lives .

In conclusion , personally , I think that we should change the mind of the people who live in the entire world to assure a little more help to our communities and to our beloved grandfathers .
The question of wether young people enjoy life more than old people seems to be too general to give a precise answer .
Since at any age there are groups of people that enjoy life more than other groups , the question could be easily subdevided into questions about other categories such as the wealth , the health , and family situation of the individuals .
In order to nevertheless give an answer to this question , one has to be aware of the obvious difficulties arising from the fact that the answer might not apply to every individual .

Like a young person can have a difficult childhood , an old person can live without the usually associated pain from chronical deseases .
In my opinion the difference which leads to a joyful life or not lies in the personality , and attitude of the individual .
To support this idea , it is important to consider the resources available to older people after a long income periode and furthermore the modern medication and health treatments which ease to life with even chronical deseases .

It is clear from the biological point of view a young person has less to worry about health issues .
However with the modern medication it is possible even for the very old to maintain an active life of cultural experiences , family meetings , and time for personal projects .

In addition , old people after a successful career have in general more money available , and can spend it without the need to go to work during business days .
This allows them to travel , see new places , and meet people .
All in respect to the individual preferences which might exist .
It is thus easier for them to enjoy these specific plaisanties .

For it is a question of definition what an enjoyed life represents the actual reponse to the question is a matter of what a person 's individual feeling is .
An old man with a young attitude might enjoy life in a similar matter as a young person .
However , he has more resources , more time , and possibly more enthusiasm to profit from the time that remains for him .

In conclusion , I cannot accept the simple statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
It depends rather subtile on every individual 's attitude , and personal background , such as belongings , health and family , acquired throughout life .
The choice between choosing between `` broad knolwedge of many acedemic subjects than to specialize in some specific subject '' --- is case and context specific in my personal view .
That is neither i negate nor do i concur with the given statement .

If a person/project 's aim is to have some pripheral understanding and working knowledge of some broader discipline and make a resonable profit out of it along with some of the prerequisites , it is better one chooses broad knowledge of many disciplines .
It works well for a low or average ambitious person/projects where details of the task are unnecessary .
i.e prefer `` wide extensive than selective intensive '' It works well upto undergraduation ( in case of students ) who eventually become some middle level employers where exposure matters than depth .
Same is ok for school teachers also ( who teach upto 12 th class where motivating and inspiring students is of paramount importance ) .

Where as for those tasks which demand a thorough knoledge , clarity of fundamentals so that known knoldege can be succesfully applied to other socially productive purposes , one has to choose specilzing in specifics .
As an example if one is interested in a scientific mission to achive something useful/spectacular with far reaching ramifications in general and amelioration of society in particular , one has to specialize where indegenous experts required .

If viewed from the perspectives of short term gains , broader knowledge approach yields the desired results .
on the other hand if long term fruits are aimed at one should specialize in a variety of streams so that over a long run they become worth the investment of time , energy , and human resources spent .

As an example if one takes the research during second world war , it was mostly aimed at immediate returns in terms of defence/military / superiority .
And mostly such kind of works were supported largely .
Ofcourse exceptions are always there .

Later in the post war era , people have broadened their horizons of researcha nd many sub topics then have now become major disciplines .

So before zeroing in on a specific approach , short term plans and long term goals have to defined and based on specifics one has to choose the approach .
To answer if I agree or disagree with this statement , I have to make some distinctions .
There are some profession that need a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and some that do not .

Professions like scientists in specific regions , lets say microbiologists , need a specialization .
That means that they will start to study general biology and later specialize for microbiology .
They might need general knowledge about statictis , mathematics and maybe some terms in the latin lannguage , but they do not need to study economy or philosophy .

On the other hand there are some professions where a broad knowledge is needed .
A director of a movie will need complex understanding of many different subjects .
He will have to deal with actors , so he will need probably some knowledge about psychology .
He will need to understand the finances of this project , have knowleadge about technical issues to communicate with the camera , light and editing team .
Further he will need to outweight the importance of every upcoming problem , where he will need managing skills like timemanagement .

On the other hand , if you have enough time to study what you like and what you are passionate for , it will always be of help .
Nowadays we live in a fast changing world with upcoming challenges .
No jobs will replace ohters and to have diffrent knowledges and skills will always help to increase the amount of possibilites where to work .
I think that one has to see the opportunity costs and listen to one 's heart what is really important for
Although I do n't deny that some people prefer to travel with other people , I personally disagree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide as per the following reasons :

First , I cannot control my schredule and select the place to visit in the travel with a group menber by a tour guide .
Of course , the group type travel is the good way for someone like beginners of travel , such kind of controlled traveling is not interesting to me because I had a lot of experince with the travel not only in domestic but also in all over the world .

Second , in case I can travel just alone , it is possible for me to enjoy the scene and atmosphere without any disturbance by other people .
However , if there is a guide or other traveling menber , I could not enjoy the travel itself under the calm circumstance .
Not menioned , some people has a purpose to be friends with others by travel , but I do not need such friends in travel .

Third , if I join the group type travel , I have to burden some unnecessary over head cost such as fee for a guide .
On the other hand , in case of traveling just by myself , I can find some kind of discout tickets and cheaper hotels like Youth Hostel and enjoy such kind of cost saving travel with my knowledge and planning .

Lastly , if I join some group type travel , I believe that I have to see some unnecessary place or monument and buy some unnecesary gifts strongly recommended by the tour guide .
I cannot endure such kind of nuisance because what I would like to enjoy in a travel is the freedom from the daily controlled society .
In this regard , I strongly hope to be free from the control or compelled recommendation during my precious time using for travel .

As a conclusion , I prefer to travel alone rather than with a group menber led by a tour guide in accordane with the above-mentioned points althogh someone would like to trave with a goupmenber in terms of safety purpose or easiness of the travel schedule and planning control .
For as long as I can remember , quite a few people have been debating on whether having a wide range of knowledge of many academic subjects is desirable or not .
Regarding this point , some people seem to go for the knowledge of many academic subjects because they think that broad knowledge enriches our lives .
However , I strongly believe that specializing in one specific subject is better since knowing of many fields is not easy and one specific knowledge allows people to plan to career .

To begin with , it is normally difficult to have broad knowlege in many fields .
In other words , learning and acquiring a vast amount of knowlege is arduous thing .
For example , I had a hard time remembering all of contents on the final exams during college life .
I needed to put all of my effort and energy in order to study many subjects , not to mention my major .
Many academic subjects rather made me disorganized and felt hectic .
It was really pointless and not efficient .
I took the exams , not understanding all parts of subjects because of the lack of time .
After all , I got a low grade in my major subject as well as other academic subjects .
This case clearly shows that culturing a huge range range of academic subjects is not helpful .

In addition , speciliaing in one specific subject is conducive to planning one 's career in the future .
In modern society , it is the most important to understand and know well in one 's specifized area .
This is mainly because , the companies set a standard in the way they recruit employeers who have superior ability in their field .
Therefore , every person is required to have exceptional capabilities in their areas .
For example , one of my friends , Min-su who specialized in English during college .
He concentrated on only his major and tried his best to understand better .
Consequently , he got a scholarship throughout all his college life .
Furtheromre , just after graduation , he got a great profession related to his major .
Thus , this also illustrates that speciailizing one specific subject is beneficial in offering chance to plan a specific job in one 's life .

To sum up , I firmly consider that it is ideal for people to specialize one specific subject instead of having a variety of knowlege of many subjects in that it is exacting to take many academic subjects and one specific subjects help them fine a decent job .
With respect to this point , there is a famous saying that if you want a well , dig one place .
Unfortunately I do not spend much time helping my community , but I admire everyone who does it and try to support these people in other ways ( e.g. donations ) .
There are many reasons for young pepole to spend time helping their community .
Some of them are listed below .

On the one hand a commonly held view is that there is a growing solitude within our society an young people are looking for a family an friends .
In Germany every second marriage is being divorced and many children grow up in torn families .
But as children need support and a person they can admire and they can identifiy with , they sometimes look for this support outside their family .
Therefore , there should be a growing number of young people joining organisations as the red cross or the local fire department .

On the other hand , one has to constate that there is a growing lack of time that hinders young people to join these organizstions .
Due tu a sharpening competition within society and due to a sinking number of job offerings , children and young people might be forced to qualifiy on a vide range of sectors .
In order to get a got job nowadays , you have to be excellently educated , speak 2 languages , have a lot of job expererience , be very young and pass at minimum one year abroad .
As a consequence it seems more attractive for young people to spend their time maximizing their chances of getting a good job than to spend time helping their communities .

Another point to consider is that helping community often goes with a job which is not only requiring time but which is also not paid .
It seems easier to do a job in a company .
In a company you get paid for your work and it might be useful for your curriculum vitae having worked for that company .
Nevertheless , our society needs people who work volunteerently in order to support their community .
When your house burns you will be glad that some people work volunteerently for the lokal fire department , even though it is not useful for their curriculum vitae .

To sum up , there are various reasons for young pepole to give or to not give time to helping their communities .
My view is that there are still enough young people being engaged for their community and doing this for a number of different reasons .
As this work is very important for a society you should be very grateful these people spend their time helping their communities .
It would be universally acknowledged that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
According to me , this statement can not be entirely true .
Let us consider my personal view and the comparison between a young people life and an older person life .

For the great majority of people , youngness brings all that a person want : health , beauty , love and so on .
And it is wright .
But something everybody ignores , is the notion of time .
In our society who has time to do what they want ?
Currently , young people are the most of the time students .
They have a lot of work to pass their exams and have their dilpoma .
By this way , they study a lot and spend their time working at home or on campus .
added to this question of time , a student has no money .
Studies are very expensives , above all in the United-States .
A master could cost 20 000 euros for a year .
It would be difficult to have extraordinary week-ends or travel to a foreign country or to do a very expensive sport .
All these things bring us to consider diferently a young people life .
With no time and no money , how could a student really enjoy is life ?

On the other hand , older people do not have all the daily life problems ' .
Of course , they have some healthy problems but they have time because they are retired .
They worked all their life , they accumulated money .
They can travel all over the world and make their dream possible .
They do n't have children at home , they do n't have a lot of preocupation .
They can live their life as they want , see their friends when they want .
According to me , older people could enjoy life a lot .

This brief presentation can lead us to reconsiderate the statement .
Young people are to busy to lead their life as they want .
Old people have this opportunity .
It is important to realize this .
It is my personal opinion .
My personal belief is that learning facts is more important and helpful in life than understanding concepts .
First , is it clear that a person who has learnt a lot of facts , in a word who has a great experience , adapts more easily to new situations than the one who first tries to understand the underlying cause of this event .
The former is able to imitate what he has already seen or done himself and to react quickly whereas the latter needs time to think it over and build his behaviour .
Coming back to the cause of anything to understand the hidden mechanism of action is starting from scratch every time and a hugh loss of time .
It is as if you do n't trust what others have done before in similar situations .
A lack of trust is basically a kind of anxiety that prevents from adapting to unforeseen events .

Second , knowing past facts increases one 's action effectivity .
Finding a solution is quicker when comparing to a similar problem that has already occurred than when modelising it into abstract schemes .
Now one could argue that experience is of little help to solve problems that are completely new and that one would be more successful if he understands the cause of the problem .
Well on the contrary , I believe that experience stimulates creativity and that it can inspire new solutions for new problems .

Third , learning facts is getting a realistic approach to life .
Focusing on ideas and concepts is too abstract in my view .
Of course this is can be seen as a superficial understanding of life but at least this brings liveliness and pragmatism .
And living is all about reactivity and ability to get in contact and communication with others .
Understanding deep causes of action is too theoretical and may cut counication sometines .
The meaning of being succesful can vary person to person .
Some people go on doing the things that they believe they are good at , while others prefer to try new things despite the risks that they need to take .
I think a successful person is the one who likes trying new things and not being afraid of failing .

A successful person should not be satisfied with what he or she has achieved .
There can always be another areas to explore .
I think it is very important for a person to be willing to improve his or her qualities by trying new things .
By that way , this person can see what other areas she or he is talented and interested in .
For me , a person is a successful one when she or he is open to new things and get the success at the end .

Doing what you have always done is not a good way to show your success .
If somebody is good at some activity and has just this achievement , it does not mean very much to me .
The real success can be observed when a person tries to be successful in a new project or an area .
For example , I am good at swimming and I have had many awards from various competitions .
But I also had an interest to play chess .
I have taken course for it and I am now a successful chess player .
With that success in new area , I see myself more successful and talented .

A successful person should be able to transfer his or her success from one area to another .
Having confidence that you can be good at in different area and take risks is an indication of your motivation be successful and this is a characteristic that I believe a successful person should possess .

In sum , I consider a person as a successful if that person gives importance to improve her or her qualities by trying new things , avoids from only doing the things she or he knows well and opens to the new experiences .
Moreover , I think a successful person should be good at transfering his or her ability to various situations .
I also try to be a person having such characteristics and motivationg myself to trying new things and not to fear from taking risks .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I personally like new products and often buy those new advertised products by TV .
However , I usually get disappointed and regret spending extra money .
I will explain why I think the advertisements make products seem better than they really are .

For instance , I often believe that the advertisements of cosmetic products are way too much exagerated .
We often see the beautiful models wearing new products and telling us the difference from other products in advertisements .
After we watch the advertisement , we feel that we might be able to change ourselves and become like the model who advertised it .
This is wrong .
We forget that the model is already beautiful without wearng this new product .
She might look different with new product , however , it does not mean that we , who all buy new product , can have face or be like her .
For so many times , I was disappointed to try new cosmetics noticing that I look nothing different from using other products .
I think the cosmetic advertisements make products seem much better than they really are through advertising with beautiful models and professional make-up artists .

Another example is the advertisement of frozen food .
Since I do not cook often , I always buy frozen foods for my dinner .
In the TV advertisements , those foods look so good and delicious , but in reality , they are not as good as they look like in TV advertisements .
That is because in advertisements , the company use recent cooked food and film or take pictures wth the perfect angle decided by professional person .
The disappointment after cooking several minuites in microwave oven is huge for me and sometimes I feel anger buying those products .
Some products look completely different from the ones advertised in TV .

I think that the most advertisements have tried to show products much worth than they really are .
I know that is the role and nature of advertisements in this consumer society .
We all should keep that in mind .
Nowadays the burden placed on the youth is indeed much heavier than that on the previous generations .
However , I disagree with the statement .
In my opinion , the young people , at least in Singapore where I am currently studying , do contribute to their communities with great passion and enthusiasm .

First of all , the youth 's passion to serve the communities can be evident in the large number of voluntary activities they are involved in .
Almost every secondary or high school student participates in community service on a regular basis .
They either go to the community library to do clean-ups and shelving , or they go to the `` Old Folks Home '' to interact with the old people there and ensure these people have fun and joy .
The musical groups in some schools may also organise concerts for the public , and donate the profit made to charity organisations .
The regular involvement of the youth in voluntary community service undoubtedly demonstates their enthusiasm and effort in helping their coummunity .

More importantly , the government also places a great emphasise in ensuring the young people to give sufficient time to helping their communities .
The Ministry of Education introduces the `` Community Involvement Programme '' ( short-termed CIP ) , where students must contribute to their communities in some form , and the time of their contribution is reported by the related organisations .
This time , known as `` CIP hours '' , is an important element in the assessment of a student .
If one does not fulfill the minimun requirement of CIP hours , he may not be admitted by a good high school or college .
This education policy ensures that the young people contribute enough time to helping their communities .

Furthermore , the effort of school and society is also crucial in making sure that the youth contribute enough to the communities .
In school , desirable social values such as care for those in needs are taught to students so that they can become better citizens .
Teacher encourage and guide students to carry out service learning projects , in which they either serve a particular group of people as mentioned earlier , or they can raise funds for charity organisations .
Some companies facilitate these service learning projects by providing initial fundings and organising competitions .
For instance , one company , `` IE Singapore '' , organises a competiton in which they provide 1000 dollars initial fund to each participating group .
These groups are supposed to use the fund and come out with a creative way to raise more money for charity organisations .
The group raising the greatest sum wins .
Personally I participated in this competition last year .
We used the funding to buy raw materials and made them into different shapes of balloons .
It selt well and after 4 months of hard work , we were able to raise over 90000 dollars fund .
We donated the money to Children 's Cancer Foundation .

In conclusion , nowadays young people are having great academic burdens and more demanding requirements , but their effort to helping the communities is not sacrificed .
They devote enough time in coummunity service in voluntary activities , under the education policy of the government , and as inspired by school and society .
I disagree with the statement saying `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use , '' bacuase it is unrealistic .
Cars are essential item for people to live with all over the world today , and it is impossible that people invent something substitute to cars .

In Japan , for example , people can get around only by puclic transportation only in the major cities , such as Tokyo or Osaka .
Anywhere outside of them cannot function without cars which transfer goods and people from and to the place .
My family does not own a car , however , this is because we live in the Tokyo area where trains come every three minutes .
This sotuation is expeptinal compared to other cities in the world , and people still have cars in Tokyo to step out of this area .

In America , the situation of public transportation is even worse .
Since America is such a huge country where the population is scattered , people have to drive wherever they go .
It is true to almost all the major cities , such as Los Angeles or Wahington D.C. Only New Yorkers can afford not to have cars .
In most of the parts in the coutry , people cannot even go shopping or schools without cars .
I once lived in the San Francisco Bay Area , which is known for its great public transportation represented by BART , yet I still wished to have a car in order to go out safely at night .
BART does not run as late and frequesnt as subways in Tokyo , therefore people need cars anyway even in the city in the States .
There is no plan to expand public transportation services either .
Even if so , it is not realistic to accomplish it in twenty years .

This provides the vision that the world remain to need as many cars as it does today .
There is nothing that can cause declining of cars in number .
Moreover , more and more country are developing its ecomony and industry nowadays .
China is a good example of a quickly developing country .
When the nation develops , there will be more population and movement of people and goods , which requires the cheapest means of transportation ; cars .
More developing counties will need cars for its development , and people who have never The need for environmentally conscious car technology will be in greater need in the future , however , the need for cars itself will not decline .
It is realy difficult to say broadly that it is the best to travel in a group led by a tour guide , or to plan for your tour yourself .
There are several factors contributing in making an opinion .
If I am travelling to a new place that I did not visit before and have no experience or knowledge about its best places , timing , sight tours , historical places and recreational locations , then , of course , having it professionally arranged by a tourism company and being led by a guide will be the best option .
This will save time and effort and in the same time will provide the best to see and to do in the place I am visiting .
The trip will be professionally preplanned and I do n't have to worry about transportation or gathering information or going into the hassle of the unknown or unexpected .
Another good point is being a member in a tour group will give me an excellent opportunity to get in touch with other people from different backgrounds and be acquainted with other cultures .
It is a golden chance to make new friendship relations and enjoy talking to people out of the usual circle of persons in my ordinary daily life .

On the other hand , if I am travelling with my family or with a group of close friends and I know the place or country I am addressing , then I would prefer to go on my own in such trip .
Having visited that place , probably more than one time , means that I have the sufficient experience and knowledge as regards where to go , what to see or visit , and when to do this or that in the proposed program .
In this case I may be the personal guide to my companions !
I do prefer this last option in case I am travelling with my family to a place I know very well .
It saves me money and gives me and my familiy the advantage of flexibility in planning and in keeping privacy .
It also gives us the opportunity to strengthen or family bonds and enriches our relation to each other without being tied or perplexed with obligations to the rest of the tour group .
Nowadays , in Korea , I think many young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Instead , they spend their time on their own tasks .
I 'd like to give you some of examples of young people in Korea .

The first example is that many young people say that they are helping their communities .
They claim that they go to orphange or public places such as post office or police station in order to help their communities .
Actually , they are not going to the places in order to contribute to society .
They volunteer in fake in order to get scores or fulfill the time required to go to high school or colleges .
If the required time of volunteering is fulfilled , they do not volunteer any more .

The second example is that , in Korea , when a social matter occured , many young people protested against it and they continually protested until it was improved .
However , nowadays , most young people are ignorant of the social matters .
They only pay attention to their own .
Because of that , there are many social problems unsolved throughout the country .

Though the some young people are really spending time on helping communities , most of the young people do not help their communities .
They only do their tasks .
They do not give much attention to their societies .
I think the main reason for this is that the ` Individualism ' which was spread to young people from European countries or America .

We , Koreans , should follow our tradition , which put a lot of emphasis on helping communities .
If we behave like this , our country cannot develp well .
If we want to make a better country , we , young people should spend some time helping to the communites .
These kinds of activities may not be hard .

We can pick some trashes scattered in the streets or we can help disabled people in the road .
We can give some of our money to poor people or we can visit hospitals or people in need once in a week .
These might be not tough .
Instead of spending time on ourselves , we can help communities with those kinds of acitivities .
Through our efforts , we can make a better world .
Help communities !
I agree with the statement because I believe , that we would not live in the world of today if it were n't for men and women who had the courage to leave their old jobs behind and start something new .

To begin with , we all profit from those extraordinary men and women who have dedicated their lives to try new things and take risks rather then enjoying the merits they could have had by doing their normal jobs .
Every successful woman or man today could not have been that successful if it was n't for the pioneers in the past .
Although it takes a lot of courage to take a risk , the chances of being really successful are much higher too .
If one is dedicated and puts all his passion into one idea or thought , the chances that he might be succesfull will increase a lot .

This point can be illustrated by taking an example from history .
In todays world we all profit from the high mobility which is made possible by cars , and even more so , by planes .
But it took two brothers in 1903 all their courage and money to construct an absolutely new type of vehicle and to test it themselves .
Their risk was a high one , but their success was even higher and can be seen everyday in today 's world .

This is only one example of how we profit of those people who chose not to live a cozy and unspectacular life , but to dare something .
I am not saying , that everybody needs to try to invent something new and be innovative , but a certain percentage of those pioneers is needed to strengthen the innovative process which underlies economic growth .

In conclusion we can see the enormous importance of pioneers and how no country can go without them .
Everybody will profit from the advantages those innovations will bring for a society .
Thus , a government should always support those people who take risks since their innovations are the basis for a better world tomorrow .
It is commonsense to argue that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Nevertheless , in a society in which growing up adults is becoming increasingly difficult , there are many reasons to question the above view .
In other words , in todays , world , older people are well placed to enjoy life more than young people do .

To start with , young people often have to struggle to get on in their carriers .
Consequently , rather than enjoyng their free time , they are prone to use their free time to improve their working skills or to work extra hours , to demonstrate that they are good workers .
In constrast , older people , who have already achieved their professional success , may enjoy more leisure time than they did in their past .

Another reason that may explain why younger people do not enjoy life that much is that they are still in search for their sentimental equilibrium .
Young people are more vulnerable to love than older people are and this , in turn , may destabilize them .
For instance , when a young falls in love with someboody and the relationship breaks up , his/her reaction is much more magnified as compared to an old man/woman reaction .
Indeed , old people , who are are more experienced in sentimental affairs , react to sentimental failures with a touch of philosophical detachment !

The discussion led so far is not meant to imply that old people have not problems .
They face severe issues such as living alone or getting used to their retirement from previously held activities .
Despite the potential severity of these problems , however , I think that the problems that young people face are greater than the ones old people do .
Struggling to get a rewarding job or creating a family are two of the biggest challenges human beings go through their lives .
Having already passed through them , old people have a clear comparative adavantage .
I do not agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
First of all , car industry is now developing very fast in the developing countries such as China and India .
These countries have large numbers of population .
Large population means big potential of car comsuming .
People living in these countries are becoming richer and richer .
Therefore , more and more people in these countries are able to buy a car .
In the future 20 years , the number of these group of people will grow bigger so there would be more cars in developing countries in twnety years .

Secondly , in developed countries , most of the families have their own cars .
Cars play a very important part in people 's livies .
People will feel very unconvenient if they do not have a car .
This situation will change little in twenty years .
Although scientists has created many kinds of new tranfic machines , none of them could take the place of cars .
Cars have influence people 's livies so significant that it is impossible to change the situation in twenty years .

Thirdly , the style of cars may change a lot in the future .
It is true that resources on the earth are declining very fast .
It is also possible that one day we would have no petrol to fill our cars .
However , I believe that human beings can find new resources used for cars to take the place of petrol .
In fact , nowadays there are many cars which use electricity .
I think this techology will be very useful in twenty years .
It is much more practical and cheaper to improve the cars than to creat a totally new trafic machine to solve the resource problems .

Cars have served people all around the world for nearlly 100 years .
Car industry and car science have improved a lot in these years .
I think scientists could find out new ways to make cars more useful , more suitable , more clean and more popular .

To sum up , it is very possible that there will be more cars in use than there are today .
All people enjoy life , and they show this by participating in many of life 's amazing activities .
People enjoy life in many forms .
Yet , people do not lose this thirst for life as they grow older .
The things people enjoy might change with time , but this does not mean that they derive less enjoyment from them .
Improvements in healthcare have made old people 's lives easier and they have also increased their mobility , allowing them to pursue many activities during their retirement .
People enjoy life regardless of age , and this dismisses the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than old people '' .

Of course there are differences between the young and the old .
The young are typically more active and less patient .
Yet , this does not imply that they enjoy life more .
This merely implies that young people have a different set of preferences , and different ideas as to what constitutes as fun .
Consequently , they enjoy different activities .
Many young boys enjoy playing football with their friends .
Playing football can be quite demanding physically .
Rarely , do we see senior citizens playing football .
Instead , we might see them strolling in a park , or watching their favorite TV show .
These activities are less demanding physically , but old people do not enjoy them less .

As medicine and technology have improved , life expectancy has increased .
Today people live much longer than they used to .
People spend many years in their retirement , and many find these years to be the most enjoying years of their life .
People , who are in their retirement , have the time to do what they please .
They do not have meetings and scheduals to meet , and this allows them to live life at a slower pace .
This also allows them to go on long trips and holidays , and see the places they wished to see during their youth .

Also due to improvements in heathcare , old people are not are immobile as they once were .
This allows many old people to continue to fuction normally , and even play sports like golf .

The statement that `` young people enjoy life more than older people '' is false , because of the many points that speak against it .
Old people enjoy life no less than young people .
True they enjoy different things , but this is due to the fact that they have different preferences and needs .
In order to gain an opinion on the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' , I would have to first observe typical activities of both age groups .
I would then have to come up with a system to measure enjoyment .
The latter I am not capable of incorporating in such a short format , so that I am going to analize typical activities and - where appropriate - associate a value with them .

What do young people like to do ?
They travel , they like to consume fashion and music , they study and they do sports - and very often all at the same time .
They certainly have the physical abilities to do so .
Not quite as often do they have the funding .
If indeed they do n't , they like to spend big portions of their time in front of the television or computer , watching shows , surfing the internet or playing video games .
Often , these media represent a world , that these people would enjoy even more than their own lives .

If young people do not do , what they `` like '' to do , they are usually too busy to enjoy life .
Older people are not busy .
They have time and money to travel , enjoy culture , and do sports .
But all of that they can only do , if they are still healthy and active enough .
Otherwise they like to fall into patterns similar to the ones described do .
Often , these patterns involve TV or crossword-puzzles .

By sarcastically creating prototypes of young and older people , I am expressing an opinion that is beyond agreement or disagreement with the opening statement .
None of the groups enjoys life more than the other .
It all depends on the individuals and what they make out of their living situation .
I completely agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
In today 's fast and constantly changing world , with globalization taking place at a furious pace , a person should be a Jack of all trades to excel in life .

It is better to have a broad knowledge and know all the aspects involved than just to limit the scope .
Take for example an Industrial Engineering Graduate .
Industrial Engineering being a generalized branch , the student has got a broad knowledge of all the industries be it Manufacturing , Software , Healthcare , Finance .
After graduating from the college he can fit into any type of industry .
Getting a job is not a problem for him because he has got a variety of options to choose from .

Even if he wants to set up his own manufacturing firm , he has the knowledge of finance and manufacturing .
He can put to use his knowledge and work effectively .
He will not have to rely on people from other fields for advice .
He can be his own boss .

Specialization limits the scope of individual .
It restricts him .
It makes learning monotonous .
After an individual is done with his studies , it also becomes difficult for him to find a job , which suits his requirements and interests appropriately .
Specialization also takes a lot of brooding of the subject matter .
It may be that the subject matter in which an individual is interested to specialize , may not be good from the point of view of market .
He may not get good returns .
After investing in a lot of hardwork , one expects good returns and satisfaction to come his way .
This may not be the case if an individual specializes in one specific subject .

Thus having a broad knowledge of many subjects helps a person to have a broader view about the aspects involved in any industry or any event taking place .
His scope is not confined .
He has the ability to take a decision from the plethora of knowledge he has gained from the many academic subjects he has studied .
Thus generalization is always better for the prospects of an individual .
Yes , I do think that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
After all , it is one objective of publicity and I think it is well achieved , especially nowadays .

Today , there are ads everywhere you look .
On Internet , on the streets , in the metro , on tv and even in public washroom .
Big companies have the power to buy a lot of publicity spaces and by placing their advertissements everywhere it can definitively makes you think that their product is better then it actually .
This can make you think that a certain product is the new trend .
It is everywhere so why not in your home .
Many reality tv shows use such an approach .
They talk about it during the news , the ads are everywhere , you can chat we the `` stars '' , you can support your favorite star ...
but the show is usually not that great .

Also , a lot of advertisements feature stars .
Most Nike products refer to a professional athlete for example .
They want you to think that if you are wearing the new Jumpman basketball shoes , you might be as good as Micheal Jordan .
People do not think that they will be as good as the stars of course , but at least they will be equip just like they are .
But having a product related to a star does not tell anything about its quality .

There is also a huge focus made in publicity on the fact that a certain product is new .
Most people think that a new product or a new technology is always better than the previous one while this is not true .
Just think about the ski market .
Each year a new type of ski is released : parabolic ski , mini ski and on top of that , they are designed with new materials .
This impression of new makes the product look better than the previous one while many scientific research often prove the contrary .

Because advertissements are everywhere , it features stars and focus on new , I think it looks better than it
Some people say that it is better to specialize in one specific subject , however I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
There are two reasons why I agree with this statement .

For the first reason , when people go to the foreign counturies , people always face to the situation to give an information about their native country .
For example , if a person is very specialize in the economics in Japan in 1950s , this person is able to explain how the Japanese developed their industry since then and other people are able to understand why the development of the industry was significant for the Japanese society , however , the problem is that there is a hidden process that the development of the industry brought the serious pollution problems to the Japanese citizens .
If the people only focus on the history in this case and do n't know anything about the environmental affect on the Japanese citizens in today by the industliarization in 1950s , other countries would understand about the history in Japan but not able to understand completely about other important factors occuring in Japan .

For the second reason , if we have broad knowledge of many academic subject , it could help a lot of people in the society .
For example , in recent years , the population of the Indians are significantly increasing and if it doubled in the future time , they are not able to manage to get all food supply and service from the workers and the government .
However , if people are able to see this problem historically , economically and environmentally , people are able to come up with the idea to carry out the significant treatment , it encourages many Indians to get food supply and service and more number of people are able to survive as long as possible .

As a conclusion from the above statements , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects to inform other people to understand a particular thing in many point of views and it encourages people to find out the way they are able to live comfortably .
I disagree with the statement .
Traveling in a group takes away your freedom in time and space You may find it is easier and safer to move around in a group , but in reality , if you wish to go and stay in a certain place for a certain time , that choice is not possible if the group has a different agenda .

A tour guide can be useful and informative , but this also takes your agency of deciding what to see , where to go .

The best part of traveling in a group with a tour guide is the safety and the less effort you need to gather information about the place , and information for ensuring the safety .
But this is also the worst part of traveling in a group , in that , it eliminates positive accidents .
By positive accidents , I mean your opprotunity to meet people , find a great shop or street by accident , find a new things about the place which may not be marketed in the mainstream tourism .
Traveling in a group can take away some occurences that can only happen because you have no agenda or specific information , because you wonder around .

A good example of this is going to a restaurant .
If you travel to Hong Kong , you find there are restaurants that are specifically for tourists .
They are expensive , give less ifnormation about local food and culture , and you meet no locals .
But if you are willing to take a risk of wondering around , asking around the local people to show a good restaurant , that experience can give you so many episodes .
You get to communicate with the local people , maybe try speaking a foreign language , find out what is considered a good food in the place and how to use the public transportation , and line up in the restaurant and eat , learning the `` local '' way of doing things .

Since I prefer adventure and really experiencing a place when I travel , instead of being a part of marketted and `` selling out '' tourism , I choose to travel alone , in my way , in my own timing .
If I work hard to find a good restaurant , I would like to decide what to eat there and how long to stay , not minding what the group may and should do .

Some may say the trouble it takes to gather information about the place on his/her own is too much , and it is better to leave the job to the tour guide .
However , recently there are so many books and websites about traveling alone ( or as a couple but without any guide ) that are easily accessble , that the things I mentionied above about getting around on your won can be easily found in a book , such as `` Lonely Planet . ''

After all , traveling is a means to get away and placing yourself in an odd situation , getting away from your mundane life and chores .
In that perspective , no group tour is beneficial if that limits your adventure - possitive accidents .
By planning and traveling alone , you may find a new aspect of the place you are visiting , which is your own original version and not the marketted version that are equally given to any tourists .
I think my position can be easily supported by the numerous current TV programs about backpaking , traveling alone , seeking so-called adventure in traveling .
A famous example of this will be a program called `` global trekkers . ''
Now the trend is in adventure .
Traveling in a group with a tour guide may be a good idea for older people , but for myself , I chose traveling alone .
I do agree with the statement that it is very much important for the students to understand the ideas and concepts rather than to learn facts .
Let 's take a common example of a student listening to a science lecture .
It 's very much important for him to understand what is dealt about before forming an opinion on the topic .
If the lecturer just put the facts infront and ask him to byheart them it wud be of no use .
The student might forget those facts after sometime as that do not create a strong impression in mind .
But rather if he understands the ideas and the concept behind the topic there is a higher chance he can remember that for a longer time .

Another important aspect is that just learning the facts would not lead to the development of the subject .
It 's only when one gets a thourough idea of the complexities involved in that , one would get an idea of how to develop the concepts .
For example let us take a student doing his project work on developing automobile efficiency .
Unless he knows what are the factors involved in developing efficiency he cannot succeed .
It involves the student to learn the ideas and concepts behind the subject apart from learning the facts .
In most of the cases it 's proven that false understanding of a subject would lead to an irrepairable situation .
And knowing the facts without probing into them always leads to a false conclusion .

Secondly probing into the facts and understanding them also helps a student on a personal front .
In one 's daly life one may come across many complex situations , which if one considers only the facts might land oneself into trouble .
Let 's take an example of a student getting angry on his father for not providing him more pocket money .
The father would not give more money as he perhaps feel that his son is involving in illegal activities .
The student should probe why his father 's not giving him the money rather that to blame
It is a common thought that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
This is no surprise when we think about how good it can make someone look in a cocktail party or in a fancy dinner .
Indeed , who does not admire people who know about varied subjects ?
But can we say that having specialized knowledge is not as worthy as knowing a little bit about a lot of things ?

I think that society does need specialists , that is people with highly specialized skills and knowledge .
Indeed , some professions require high accuracy in knowledge .
For example , a surgeon is generally specialized in a part of the body , as brain surgeons are .
In my opinion , that is due to the fact that people concentrating on a subject learn a lot more about it than people learning a little bit about everything and who just cannot find the time to go further in each field .
Other professions , such as teaching , engineering or accounting , need specialized knowledge , which is restricted to a field or few fields , but that is very thorough .
That is why I really think you cannot say that specialists are unworthy compared to people who know less but about more fields .

I also think that society needs generalists , or people who can cover a lot of fields , because they possess knowledge from a vast range of subjects .
In fact , I believe that those people have to work hand in hand with generalists : they can either assist them ( as a secretary would do with a doctor , for example ) or they can manage them ( as a chief executive would manage a staff of engineers ) .
Indeed , as these people master knowledge about varied subjects , they can deal with the details of specialists ' work , such as classifying patients ' files or financing engineers ' projects .

That is why I do not think it is fair to assert that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject : to my mind , both specialists and generalists people are necessary in the society , and extensive knowledge of a precise topic can be as helpful as more restricted knowledge in more fields .
Nowadays , countries put high importance on education .
With globalization , government ' s aim is to give children a good knowledge about the world , ability to evaluate events and prapare them as the future world citizens .
For that , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
The three advantages of understanding the content and the ideas are being open-minded , ability of questionning and ability to criticising .

Being open-minded is possible with having a meaningful point of view about the world that we live in .
Sharing different ideas with the help of the communication helps us to create empathy between people .
Understanding ideas of different people helps to see the wisdom of human mind .

Ability of questionning comes with the ability of understanding concepts .
Not accepting just the facts but questionning them prepares students for a global education in order to search the universal truths .

Ability of criticising is another important reason to achieve for students in order to understand ideas and concepts rather than learning facts .
Criticism improuves the point of views of people with the help of communication .

In the end , I can say that there are several reasons for that I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Briefly , these are the three of them ; the importance of being open-minded , the advantages of questionning and criticising coming with the ability of understanding the ideas and concepts .
What are students going to school for ?
Do they learn the thing that are nescessary for them ?
Students are asked to understand ideas and concepts from the subjects they are learning .
They are also asked to learn facts from past experiences .
However , which one is the thing they need more , understanding ideas or learning facts ?
In my opinion , understanding ideas and concepts is more important for students .

To begin with , students go to school because they need to gain knowledge that are needed for their future .
Student should be able to understand that the ideas and concepts of the subjects they are studying , so that they will understand the subjects easier .
For example , the use of a mathematical formula , the rule of a chemical equation .
Without the understanding the ideas and concept , they do not know how to use it and when should they apply it on .

As being a student , I think that when student have the ideas and concepts of something , they will eventually understand the facts of something too .
Since a fact of an event or object is actually the result of the development of a centain kind of ideas and concepts .
In the other word , ideas and concept are the basic requirement for student to learn a facts .

Moveover , some people think that learning facts is more improtant for students than understand ideas and concepts .
It is because they believe that facts is more easier for students to understand something nesscessary for thier life .
But their never understand that facts can only tell use the surface of somethings , not the meaning that are behind them .

In conclusion , it is improtant for students to know both the ideas and concepts and facts of what they are learning .
However , ideas and concepts are the basic elements for them the study a subject .
Facts may not be able to show the main point they need to know .
As a result , student should focus on the ideas and concepts before they take the next step to learn the facts .
Many people say that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I definately agree with that .
That the statement is true , could easily be shown by any cientific research comparing what young people in general do now and what they used to do in earlier generations .
In my opinion different reasons let to this .

One reason is , that , compared to the past , people live in a more individualistic way .
Most people grow up in a small family , often not even with both but only one parent , and family ties become less and less strong .
While in the old days there where always uncles and grandparents etc. to play an important role in the upbringing of a child , nowadays often there is no relationship at all because being a family member is not enough of a reason to keep in contact .
This has an important impact on a childs development .
If you shouldnt even care about your family , why should you care about your community !

This change of the way how people grow up came along with a shift of values .
For our parents generation for example it was normal and looked upon as very positiv for children to help their mother with the cooking , to look after their younger brothers and sisters , to visit and spend time with their grandparents .
Nowadays , these actions are just not rated very highly .
If a child exeeds at sport , is very smart , very beautiful or anything else related to it as a single human being , in society this counts much more then just being nice and helpful .
It is all about being successful yourself and not about how you interact with others .
So it is no wonder that young people tend to put their own interest first before they consider anyone elses interest !
It is only logical that children or young adults choose to do things that others will find attractive and important .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
One of the best examples that comes to mind from my personal experience is a McDonalds burger .
Have you ever seen a McDonalds commercial on TV or in a magazine ?
The burgers look big , juicy and fresh .
Every time I see one of their ads on TV I want to run to the nearest McDonalds to buy a Big Mac !
The problem is that when I get there and actually buy one of their burgers I am always left very disappointed .
The burger looks in no way alike to the ones you see on TV .
It 's smaller and it surely does n't look as fresh .
The taste at the end is ok but the fact remains that their ads would never show what their real burgers look like .
Otherwise nobody would ever feel the urge to go out and buy one .

Advertisements are therefore misleading .
Not always but very frequently .
Having said this , if I were to make a commercial to try to sell one of my products , I would probably do exaclty the same thing .
If everyone is doing it , I do n't want to be the only one being honest because this would negatively effect the sales of my product .

The only way to solve the problem is to help the whole advertising community to be honest .
We should always remember that consumers are not stupid .
They can be naive at first , but not stupid .
You can fool a consumer once , but the consumer will never go back to you again if he is not satisfied with your product .
At the end of the day , it probably does n't pay to delibarately fool consumers .
They will find out sooner or later and they will punish you .
This being said , everyone is always going to try make their products seem a little more appealing to the public .
This will never cease .
But the consumer knows this and is aware of this .

In conclusion , I will always go back to McDonalds not because of the commercial I see on TV but because I like the taste of their Big Macs even though they look disgusting !
According to my point of view , learning facts is important for students as well as learning concepts and ideas .
Indeed , they are the two sides of the same icon , let 's say `` the learning icon '' , because facts show that concepts and ideas are right or wrong in the real world .
In addition , they show how different ideas can be interconnected or influenced by each other and provide an effective way to make a concept understandable .

Concepts and ideas must be learnt , but how to verify them ?
Physics is a very important example .
You can learn much about physics by reading a book and solving mathematical equations .
But how to show that all the learnt knowledge is right and applicable ?
You need to know about experiments which show the constraints of your theories , therefore you need to `` learn facts '' .

Then , facts are important to teach how different concepts and ideas are related .
Think about mechanical science , for example .
There are many concepts , often coming from other different fields .
Students can learn them but how they can truly understand how a system works without studying a machine which is an application of all those ideas and therefore a fact by definition ?

Finally , let me highlight that facts have always provided an effective way to understand a concept or an idea .
Einstein was very famous for many funny examples which he used to explain his own theories .
Another example is Informatics .
If you want to learn informatics , I am sure you will be told that you can compare a processor to a brain , a folder to a desk where you store papers and documents and so on .

Summarizing , it is my firm opinion that facts are necessary for an effective learning .
You need them to verify theories , to explain how many concepts are related and to provide examples for a better understanding .
A famous statement is that history , here facts , is a great life teacher
Bussiness people try to market their products by advertising a lot .
Even though the product is not much important in our daily life , marketing people will make an impression that the product is very improtant for us .
So , I totally agree with the statement that `` Most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are . ''

I usally watch Home Shopping Network channel .
In that channel lots and lots of products are advertised .
people watching this channel are impressed about the products and ca n't wait without buying them .
For example , I was very much impressed by storage bags which are used to store vegetables in the refridgerator .
The advertisement was so impressive showing that vegetables will be fresh for longer periods , if we store in that particular bags and they have shown two groups of vegetables , one group of vegetables stored in ordinary storage bags and one the other group stored in that special storage bags .
So I was impressed and I ordered that particular item .
In the real , I do n't feel that lot of difference about the bags and I was not satisfied with the product .

Advertisements are only one type of way to introduce the product in to the market .
Just by seeing the advertisement we ca n't judge the reliability of the product , unless we experience the advantages and disadvantages of the product by using it .
Normally most people inculding me are easily carried away by the advertisements .
By doing so , we are wasting time and money .
So I suggest to spent some extra time to know the pros and cons of a product form friends or relatives who have used that product before and then decide to go for it or not .

I finally conclude that we should not buy a product just by seeing an advertisement of that product .
We must have the knowledge of that product , its use and how improtant it is and then buy it .
Although many people believe that young people enjoy life more than older pepole do , I disagree with this statement .
In the following , I will give three arguments for having this opinion .

First of all , I want to mention that many older people are retired .
That means that they can organize their pastime as they like to .
They are able to do a lot of activities for which they probably did n't have enough time while working .
Usually , many older people spend their time travelling around the world , learning a new language or an instrument , or are just relaxing .
My grandmother , for instance , enjoys her life in the summers by going to a lake every day .
She loves to be in the nature , to watch the birds and to swim in the lake .

Another point is that many older people already made a lot of experiences in their life .
They will probably not have the feeling like younger people do that they could miss something in daily life .
They are surrounded by kind of a quiet mood and can totally concentrate on enjoying life .
Younger people , by contrast , always feel the pressure and stress that should become successful to be able to enjoy their life later on .
The pressure might be caused by the expectations of the educational system or by the comparison to the older people , often parents or grand-parents , who were already successful in the past .

Finally , older people are often happy abouth small things in life .
They often do n't need a lot of material comfort .
They rather appreciate that they can still walk around , that they are of good health or that they have a family they can talk to .
My grand-parents , for example , do n't have a car .
Thus , they do n't have to worry about higher gas prices .

In conclusion , I want to stress that older people are definitely able to enjoy life the same as younger people do .
They just do it in another way which might be hard for younger people to accept .
There are many reasons why older people enjoy their lives much more than younger people do .
Of course , some arguments might suggest the contrary , namely that life is more fun to young people : Being young , there are almost no physical boundaries to how one decides to spend one 's free time : all kinds of sports or adventures are possible .
There is no pain in the back and at least less problems with teeth .
Young people are usually less settled , still more open to learn to know different people , different places and travel to other countries .
They do n't have to live with the fear or sorrow of having missed out important experiences or having made wrong decisions at decisive points of their lifelines .

Nevertheless , one must not forget that young people often live in fear of the future , especially nowadays when the unemployment statistics as well as the predicted future of the social system here in Germany are horrifying to many people .
Any kind of possibility is connected to some kind of uncertainty , which is one main reason for me to believe that older people are often more happy than the young ones .
Having seen a lot , having met many people and visited different countries , most of all having experienced the tragedies of life , I think it becomes more easy to enjoy life .
Maybe we even need those kind of experiences to truly value each and every day of our life as something special - an awareness young people are often lacking .
Finally , older people are often blessed with the possibility of watching their loved ones grow up .
I believe that experiencing future generations , especially within one 's own family , must have an amazingly calming effect on mind and soul .
Earning the fruits of one 's life is another experience reserved for older people .

To end with , the advantages
Some people think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
In a few aspects , I agree this idea , but generaly I do n't agree this idea .
I do n't support the idea that young people enjoy life more than the older people do .
Because , according to my life concept , enjoyment of the life does n't depends to people 's age .
Enjoyment of the life depends on the persons ' characteristics .
In my company , there are two examples to this topic .
The first example is that one of the my colleagues is who is twenty years old is very pessimistic .
She does n't enjoy life .
She acts as if she is going to die tomorrow .
For that reason , she does n't enjoy life .
Second example is that I have a fifty-three years old coworker .
She enjoys life more than my young friend who is twenty years old and very pessimistic .
The old lady is always happy .
She makes plans for nights and weekends for fun .
Every year she travels abroad , takes pictures and tells all of the colleagues .
Also , she is very funny , somedays she praperes small jokes for our young and for pessimistic colleagues to make her optimistic .

Also , I am familiar with that some peoples ' age affect their life vision .
For example , with my mother we go wedding ceremonies , I invite my mother for traditional dances .
My mother sometimes refuses me and says that she is too for dance old , intead of older peoples youngers could play .
I think my mothers age affects her , and diminishes her enjoyment of life .

Some people think that enjoyment of life has coherrent relationship with age , but on the contrary I believe that people enjoyment of life is depend on their characteristics .
As I implied before one of the my twenty years old coworker less enjoys life .
But , on the other side my fifty-three years old collegue enjoys life more than my younger friend .
Personally I am convinced that people have to try new things and take big risks if they want to be successful in our days .
I am studying economics and from my lectures and from observations of today \ s economy I know that you can not make much money with something that already exists .
Of course you could just buy something and resell it for a slightly higher price but the big money can only be earnt with something that is brand-new and everybody wants to have .
A good example that proves this thesis is Bill Gates .
He invented a completely new program for computers called Windows and earnt several billion dollars with it because everybody wanted to use his new program and there was no other program of a similar kind available .
Because he was the only one offering such a program he could sell it for a very high price and he and his company Microsoft became extremely successful , admired and wealthy .

But in order to find or invent new things people have always to take risks because at the time someone invents a new product there is uncertainty about whether people will buy it or not .
If the new product does not sell well , all the time and money the inventor has spent with thinking about and producing his product is lost .
If the Windows-programm would not have sold well , Bill Gates would have lost a lot of money instead of earning it .

It is easy to see that big opportunities are always connected with big risks and dangers .
reason for that lies in the fact that in our days the people in the western countries almost have everything they need and always expect new things .
This implies that only these people can be successful who can offer them new things .
Enjoying life is altogether a different phenomenon taking into consideration the age of the people .
Most people enjoy their lives when they are young and tend to become more sober during their later lives .
There could be many reasons apart from the age factor that makes people to stop enjoying life when they become old .

Firstly , I do think that young people enjoy life more that the older people .
The reason for this might be that the people are quiet young and energetic and hence tend to explore more things in this world .
For example , young people generally like to travel around and see the places they have not visited before .
Not only with the family but also with their friends .
Hence those tours are meant for the enjoyment they can derive being with their friends .
Whereas , older people do not involve in such activities because they may have more responsibilities on their shoulders which the young people may not have .

Secondly , when people become old , they tend to think more about their offsprings rather than themselves .
And also the fact that the people like to look after their grandchildren in their later parts of their lives might deter people from enjoying .
Whereas , young people when they join their colleges , meet with new friends and tend to learn something from their new lives .
This will make them to explore new things and enjoy a little better .

Apart from all these factors , the most important factor is that the old people are being discarded by their children and being kept in the old age homes where they have very little to enjoy .
Youngsters , meanwhile enjoy a lot by partying , dancing and hanging out with their friends .

To summarize , older people like to relax in their later parts of their lives .
They would have also enjoyed when they were young .
Perhaps , this might be the reason , apart from the energy factor that the young people enjoy their lives more than the old people do .
It is rather impossible to generalize and state that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Therefore , I cant wholeheartedly agree with the aformentioned statement .

Travel could be broken into multi categories that may include tourism , religious tourism , safaris and adventures , and business .
The statement may work well for some kinds of travel but may unlikely be suitable for others .

For example , honey mooners are not likely to be keen to travel within groups let alone having a tour guide with them most of the time since privacy is valuable and treasured by newly weds and even couples seeking to spend quality romantic times together .

Conversly , traveling for religious reasons may underscore the importance of traveling in groups led by guides .
To further clarrify this point , piligrimage is a rather complex practice that may require traveling within groups as required by certain regulations and needs .
That becomes clear in Saudi Arabia , where piligrims cannot travel on their own to Mecca in the Hajj season ( piligrimage ) and they are required to travel in groups accompanied by tour guides who are more likely to be familiar with the Hajj practices and terrain .

Additionally , people seeking adventures normally prefer to have their own itiniraries and most likley prefer to travel according to their own pace , plans , and preference .
As an example , a tourist planning to climb mount Evarest will unlikely wish to stick to groups and share common itinrary .

Managing cost may make travelling in groups more attractive especially that tour opperaters are capable to get attractive deals on larger groups .
Accordigly , this situation raises the issue of tour guides to maximize quality time spent and ensure that the group is exposed to the largest number of attractions .

In conclusion , the arguments presented above make it clear that it is almost impossible to generalize that it is , indeed , the best way to travel is in groups led by tour guides .
It is unequivicolly clear that the characterestics of people and reasons for traveling are so variabely distinct and different which only makes it incumbent on me to diasgree with the aformentioned statement .
In my opinion it is better to have a broad knowledge of various academic subjects than to spealize in one specific subject .
In our childhood as children we will be interested in different subjects .
Even in our school we read a wide range of academic subjects because all are essential in our life as we grow up .
Specialization in one subject will not help us to do whatever we want and to achieve pinnacle of success .

We need different subjects such as mathematics , history , physics , chemistry , literature and many other subjects in our day to day life .
Without one subject also we cant proceed .
For exampleif i do specialization in physics and donot know other subjects at all then there is no meaning to my interest at all .
I need to literature when i hav to converse with people and for counting money and all i must know maths .
So each and every subject is interlinked with each other .
It also makes studying easier by doing different subjects rather than sitting with one subject .
With the knowledge of different academic subjects we can achieve immense knowlendge in various streams .
We will be aware of the worldly progresses and new inventions or discoveries .

Even the great scientists of the world had an idea of the different subjects .
For example marie curie discovered the effect of radioac tive substances and the cure for the cancer .
Its soleley not chemistry which she applied in the discovery .
There is a lot of physics and maths also involved in it .
There are many advantages of knowing different subjects .
Some people do specializations in Art , Literature , etc.but they should be aware of other subjects .
Learnind different subjects will include a lot of curiosity and general knowledge of a person .
It will motivate an individual to adopt innovative thinking and to get exposed to the world .

So i conclude by telling that there are many advantages of having a knowledge of different subjects rather than a single boring subject .
I strongly disagree with the idea that it is more important for students to understant ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts .
There are three below mentioned reasons for the same .

First , if a student has a vague idea of a contructive plan this cannot be put to action without taking facts into considerations .
For example , if a student wants to invent a chemical formula or wants to experiment with chemicals to derive some solution but the fact is that the provided chemistry lab is not having enough facility to do it then its a clear waste of time and his contructive thought is in vain .

Secondly , Ideas are hypothetical and facts are real .
For example , many years ago people used to think that sun revolves round the earth but its just not the fact its vice-versa .
If this was taught to everyone of us till date then it would have been like beleiving on a concept or an idea but the facts were reaveled later .
Hence , hypothetical things may be totally wrong and cannot be taught to students but facts are real and should be taught .

Lastly , Importance of learning the facts makes a student more knowledgable and leads him to better acedemic performances .
For example , If one dose n't know why does the earth rotates round the sun or why day-night occur ?
he would be considered a dumb and illeterate and would not be given any value in this industrialised and competative world .
To be a strong competitor we should be striving for knowledge which is based on facts and not ideas .

Understaing the facts and bringing them into practice with all the knowledge is the key to a bright future .
Ideas and concept understading is secondary to learning the facts .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Not many young people are seen in community activities , and it seems like their interest is not at their local .
Three reasons can be thought of when thinking about this issue .

Firstly , young people seem to be busy with their own life , and has less interest in their own communities .
This is because their everyday life is basically at the achool or university .
There , they study on subjects they have interest in , and they may also be participating in a circle or an after school activitiy .
It can be guessed that young people spend more time there , instead of helping out at local communities .

Secondly , the community itself is not systematically organized for young people to participate .
The problem of Japanese society now is that the local communities are not working out in many places because people have less contact with their neighbors .

For example , in big cities with people living in high building appartments , it is normal for people to not know most of the people who live there .
You might see some people once in a while , but in a busy life , there is rarely a chance to really get together to form a community .
Therefore , young people do not spend time to help out in their communities .

Lastly , the local communities are mainly run by older people , such as people who have retired jobs and have more time .
These people gather and organize community activities and spread it to neighbors .
For example , it takes time to organize an event in the community .
You need to plan out things to do , and also go knock on doors to ask for participation .
When there are not enough people , you struggle more and have to work harder .
So it is natural to say that people who have more time has more chance to participate and help out in the communitiy .
This might be one of the reasons that youg people spend less time in community when compared with older people .

From these three points that I have stated above , I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Young people might be energetic and be a big help , but when their interest is somewhere else , it is difficult to bring back their attention .
I globally agree with the quotation above even if I think that some precisions should be add up to complete it and make it more realistic .

First , the purpose of studying is to gain a rational mind so that you can apply it to resolve and analyse various issues .
Therefore , it is compulsory to be able to quickly understand concepts and ideas so that you can discuss them and give an opinion without necessary having any related knowledge .

In addition , facts are often the aftermath or the physical consequences of ideas or concepts .
In other words , facts convey ideas and concepts , that is why they are inevitably of a superior value .
For example , the Castro revolution in Cuba is a fact while the marxism ideology is the logic behind it .

Second , a reason that can explained why facts are sometimes seen as important or even more important than ideas is that facts are extremely efficient to convey an idea .
People are generally more receptive twhe they can link an idea to relevant fact and great speakers often uses facts and examples to support their saying .

Therefore , one could wrongly think that the message is more interesting when conveyed through facts whereas it is the combination of ideas and facts that makes it so appealing .

To conclude , there is no doubt about the superiority of ideas and concepts over facts .
However for a student to be successful in life , he or she needs to be able to link ideas to facts and point out the existing interactions between them .
I therefore think that the sentence should have been written like this : '' It is important for students to understand ideas an concepts first and then look for example of the aftermath of these ideas throughout the history '' .
Nowadays , most companies if not all of them , rely on advertisement to make a certain product or object known and valuable .
They actually use the advertisement to compete with other companies and sell more .
However , are the advertisements the real image of what products really are , and how much they cost ?

Unfortunately , most customers are getting a `` disappointed '' feeling when buying a certain product , or after having bought it .
For example , when we see an advertisement about a car , the price is usually without taxes , and without any options .
However , when the customer sees the panel , he would get excited about the price meeting his own budget .
So he would go and prepare his savings and tell everyone about it .
Then , when buying the car , the company would tell him : '' Excuse me sir , do you need it with an automatic transmission ?
Do you want the windows to be electrically controlled ? ''
And with every question coming , the customer 's smile would give place to a sarcastic and fake smile , that would totally disappear with : `` Excuse me sir , this price was without taxes . ''
Now , can the customer change his mind after the price increased by a couple of thousands of dollars ?
It 's not that easy , after having sold his own car , for example , and having told everyone about the new vehicle he was going to buy .

On the other side , some companies have the option to refund their customers if they are n't satisfied about the product .
However , how many customers will actually have the time to go and ask for a refund about his product ?
In addition , will it be a total refund ?
In most cases it is not .
They would try to sell you another product instead of the older one .

Finally , we can realise nowadays that most of what we see on televisions and panels is n't true .
`` Lying '' to people will actually make companies lose on the long run , because a disappointed customer will not come back .
Therefore , every company is in a dilemna between `` showing off '' and losing on the long run , and giving the world the real image of their products .
World is progressing towards pinnacles of technology and science everyday .
People have become more conscious about living standards .
Earlier idea was to save maximum money for generations and thus , people spent less in luxury .
Nowadays , buying a car is much easier than saving money as government keep track of all your black money .
Can you think of depositing black money in bank ?
Do n't you plan to change your car with changing fashion ?
Do you really care for saving for future ?
Today , people think for comfort and not money .
So , who can think of reduction in number of four wheelers ?
I believe that car is not a status symbol but has become necessity .
Can you think of going to write your exam by bus ?
Oh !
it is really pathetic .
I would prefer a car as it will keep my mind relaxed and air conitioned environment reduces fear and anxiety .

I disagree with the statement , `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today . ''
Although , industrialization and increasing number of vehicles on roads has led to major problem of pollution , but this does n't mean that people will stop buying cars .
We always have alternative solutions to a problem .
Now you will say that fuel is on the verge of exhaustion .
But , with increasing technical and scientific advances we can come out of the problem of lowering volumes of petrol and diseal .

You must have heard of `` biodiseal '' been used successfully in Brazil .
There are so many alternative fuels available these days .
Thanks to science !
What about Gasoline ?
It is widely used as an alternative fuel .
In India , New Delhi has shown dramatic results by using `` compressed gas '' ( popularly known as CNG ) .
It is known as clean fuel thus saving environment from pollution .
So , now what you say ?
Do we really have to stop buying cars ?
After twenty years , will there be any change in number of cars ?
In my opinion , Yes there will be change but a positive increase in number because now people are more educated .
They care for environment and thus fuel these days is used judiciously .
Scientists all over the world are experimenting in order to find oil from bacteria and plants .

`` Jatropha '' , a drought resistant plant has been a boon for dry countries as these plants can be grown in harsh climate areas also .
They are found to release oil which can be collected by harvesting the seeds of this plant and then sent to industries for purification processes .
So , there is no need to reduce the number of cars as so many clean fuels are available .
They are less toxic than fossil fuels .
Technical advances are on the way to create a pollution free environment and gives hope for new horizons leading to more luxurios cars in the future .
Advertisements is a important part in selling products and a good advertisements will bring benefits .
This statement is controversial , in the one hand the advertisements often show a good product , better than the other and the cheapest of the range .
In the other hand , some brands are well known , has loyal customers and does not want to lose them by showing products better than they are .
However , my personal point of view think that most advertisements make products seem much better than in the reality .

Firstly , before going any further , I would like to give an example which comes in my mind , the washing powder on advertisements can fight against everything like ice cream on a jean or fruit juice pour on a tee shirt .
Moreover , the washing powder can wash efficiently in a cold water so people can save money .
According to me , this example seems exagerate to sell a product .

Secondly , some advertisements put the best product in the advertisement but show the price of a low range product .
The goal is to show that everybody can afford to have a good brand .
Everybody has already seen a car advertisement , we can see the price written in big and the thing that nobody can see is written in small letters .

Thirdly , advertising campaigns are very expensive , they use to call actors to show up the products , some professionnals are here to take the best photos they can and the best advertisement to show on television .
For instance , when a child acts for a cookie , he always enjoys the product and argue next to her mother to buy this delicious cookies .
The advertisement wants to reproduce the scene at home , and generally it works .

In a nutshell , I am totally convinced that nowadays , to have market shares , advertisements are definitely fake and they show products better than the reality .
Given a choice to choose between a self organized tour and a tour where are tour guide leeds a group of people , I would choose the first one .
I would like to have my tour focus on my interests rather than the general interest of people and so having a tour guide will prevent me from doing it to some extent .
Tour guide may make things easier but reduces the fun of exploring on your own .

In a tour various people would want to spend varying amounts of times on different parts of the tour .
I prefer spending more time in more parts of the tour , less in some and even skip a part that is covered under the tour led by a guide .
In a guided tour I am restricted to follow the schedule and plan decided by the tour guide .
Since now there is plenty of information available at different sources ( e.g. television , internet , magazines ) , I can use that to plan my tour based on my own preferences .

Other than that , I prefer to explore places to a much more extent than a specialized tour guide would keep it restricted to appeal the majority .
I would rather learn about the places I am supposed to visit and wo n't restrict myself on the main tourist attractions .
I would rather be a part of each and every minor thing that is around that place .

In the trip I plan , I prefer to visit lesser places but spend more time on each place .
I think that in guided tours , it is more like glimpse of what all is there to explore .

Some people may have lack of information or time to plan tours properly and tour guides make their jobs easier .
But just for the sake of taking out the effort from planning and managing my trip , I would not give away the main interests that I look for in a trip , as I have already discussed above .

Considering all the factors , I personally do n't think that to travel in a group led by tour guides is the best way to travel .
In this period of time where there is a lot information to be processed , we need both people who have a broad knowledge in many academic fields and ones who are more specialized in specific subjects .
We need a well balance between the two .

The people who have a broad range of many academic fields are required because they can pinpoint problems more generically because of their wider perspectives .
One example to this is in medical field .
For instane , a generalist doctor has a wide range of information about human body but in small depths .
However , for most of the time , they can solve the problems of their patients unless the problems are very specific .
There is no need for a brain surgeon to examine the patient having problems with flue or just a headache .

The people who have more specific knowledge about a topic is also required because by having a broad range of information with a small depth in many fields does not guarantee to solve every problem .
A brain surgeon has a very specific and in-depth knowledge about brain and brain surgeries .
Revisiting the medical field example , a patient who is examined by a generalist and advised to see a specialist in brain would need a brain surgeon for further examinations .
A generalist can not have specific and in-depth data in such a case .

To sum up , we need both generalists and specialists .
None of them should be overrated .
To my mind , I think young and old people enjoy life from different ways .
First of all , it is true that young people enjoy life because they are very optimist ..
they do not take care about problems of the world ; they just only leave their life ..

For instance , at the age of 20 , young people like me are very happy .
We think that we are invincible and we think that in the future we will not have problems like our parents for example .

Then , a lot of people and not only young people , think that having 20 is a good thing , this is the best periode ..
This is the age of love , sexual experience , jod experience , holidays experience without parents ...
In fact , it is the age of discover ...
Everything is new and interesting ...
So there is no way for young people to learn about life , only just by enjoy life .

But if young people enjoy life , there is also old people who enjoy it .
That 's true ...
When old people retired from their job , they have a lot of moments for them ...
they can travel ...
they are not obliged to wake up every morning in order to go to work ...
And most of the time , they enjoy life more than youger people .

For example , my grand mother is very happy to be in the category of the old people ...
When she was young , she could not travel because she had to work ...
and before , life was not the same as nowadays ...
But today , with her association of her subburb , she can travel where she wants ...
In addition , since she 's retired from her job , she has travelled every where ; Egypt , Spain , Italy , Turkey ...
and so on ...
She travels a lot ...
And a lot of retired people or old people are in this case ...

So we can say that to be old it is a sort of a second life where people discover again some things , where they learn again about technology , science , culture , and also about young people ..

So , in conclusion , we can say that there is not a lot of differences between young and old people and personnaly , I have never met a personn who did not enjoy life .
I use is to say LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL SO ENJOY IT ...
I believe the correctness of this statement varies greatly from one community to another .
If am to answer this question considering Turkey , the country I live in , I would still say the answer depends on different socio-economical classes in Turkey .
However , I agree that the majority of young people in Turkey nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .

One thing that can be said is that the more educated a young person is , the more time s/he devotes to help the community .
When we look at the uneducated youth of Turkey , we see that they spend their time doing simply nothing .
A large percent of them is unemployed and they do n't have the sense of helping others in the community since they are the ones who need help in the first place .

However , when we look at the youth in the universities , we see that they are more concerned about the problems in the community and possible ways to solve those problems .
So , from this point on , I will concentrate on the educated young people .

When I look at my university , there are some people trying to help the community , and some people who simply do n't care .
Devoting time to help the community is not really common , though .
The heavy courseload forces people to plan their time effectively , and what is included in the plan is , most of the time , the things which have practical benefits .
People simply do n't have time to enjoy the moral benefits obtained from helping others .

Actually , a person can devote time to help other people only when his/her own needs are fulfilled , so that s/he can enjoy the moral satisfaction and respect from others in the community .
However , in a community where it is hard to fulfill the needs of oneself , it should not be expected of young people to devote their time to help others in the community .
Mor
I disagree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , even though many factors would suggest this position .
Even though for us the fact that cars exist is the most normal thing , we should not forget that they have actually not been around for such a long time yet .
People started using cars in the early twentieth century , less than one hundred years ago .
But what did they drive before cars were invented ?
Horse carriages of course .
Those have been used not for one hundred years , but for thousands of years !
So how could we possibly expect driving something else than cars in twenty years already ?

However , maybe there will not be a new invention in twenty years , but people will just use their cars less than they do now .
Perhaps some sort of revolutionary means of public transportation will be created in the near future , which will make the use of a car unnecessary .

Another possibility is that oil prices will rise incontrollably due to a lack of resources therefore causing people to think twice before using their cars or buying new cars .
Scientists and researchers expect the accessibility of crude oil to decrease rapidly in the coming decades , causing people to come up with alternate ways of transportation .
Some car producers try to build vehicles that can use a different source of energy than oil .
So perhaps there might be fewer cars in twenty years due to a lack of resources .

However , other scientists say that oil reserves constantly renew themselves , thus preventing their ceasing .
In my opinion this theory sounds somewhat more accurate , causing me to reject the idea that the number of people using cars will decrease so rapidly .

Another reason for me to support this opinion is that people simply need and like their cars .
Some own cars for fun , but for some they are extremely important .
For example , my brother lives in a suburban area of New Jersey and has to drive at least fifteen minutes just to reach the next supermarket .
This situation is not uncommon in the United States , where most people have living conditions similar to those of my brother .

In big families , sometimes even more than one car is needed .
Perhaps the parents both need their own car to get to work and the children one to get to school with .
In a time when families choose to live in suburban areas more and more , a decrease in the number cars used seems pretty utopian to me .

Some people also own cars because they like driving them .
A friend of mine lives in a metropolitan area , which has an excellent means of public transportation , but nevertheless uses his car more often , because he enjoys driving .

In conclusion , the possibility of a shrinking number of cars in use certainly exists , but in my opinion cars will stay popular and in use for a very long time , unless someone invents something completely new and better .
Knowledge is one of the most important things a person can gain throughout his lifetime experience .
It can be considered as the tool to be used throughout his life in order to prove himself as an effective person in his soceity and surrounding .

Some people believe that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject , and others believe the opposite .
I personally agree with this statement since having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can further strengthen the person 's personality and broaden his horizons .

Having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can help the person improve his thinking skills and his creative vision .
I strongly believe that all areas of knowledge complete each other , so if a person knows about Math , Science , History , Art , Music , Language and other areas of knowledge , he will be able to view life and its different situations in a better way than a person who is narrow minded by only one specific subject .

Although some people may think that speicalizing in one specific subject can be better , since the person get to have a closer look at the subject and get hold of every single detail of it and become an expert in it , i believe that in order to become a better person and improve different dimensions of one 's personality , the person should experience different situations and different ways of knowledge that will all help in the building of one 's thoughts and beliefs .

When thinking of that subject , I actually realise how effectively the International Baccalaureat Dimploma program has helped me gain a vast and broad knowledge of many academic subjects and areas of knowledge , which have surely helped me build my personality and become a better critical thinker and a well rownded person .

Finally , I belive that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is very important , but not to forget the fact that if one has a certain area of knowledge he/she is interested in , there is no problem in learning more about it and going into its details as long as a broad knowledge of the various areas of knowledge and issues is present at the same time .
There is no one universal way to be successful in life .
We all would like to know the way we could be successful in any or many aspects of our lifes .
But , the reality is that there is not just one way that we can follow that will asure us of being successful .

I believes that one of the many different ways we can try to be successful will be not to be afraid of trying diferent things .
We will not always have the opportunity to try things in a diferent way .
But , everytime time it is possible for us to do what we are trying to do in a different way than the way we are used to do it , we should not be affraid of do it .

There are some people that believes that in order to make a big profit , ones have to take a big risk .
This theory will apply not only in the economics , but also in many other different aspects of our lifes .
We can make big profits or get a lot of beneficits after taking a big risk at school or even in our personal relationships .

In our finances banks usually calculate the interest they will pay you for your money based on the amount of risk that you are taking .
If you want to be very safe with your money you can open a saving account or a CD .
These account will be a very safe way to keep your money but it will not pay you a lot of interest .

You can be safe by staying within your confort zone in an especific area .
Doing that , you will avoid doing things that you may not be good at but it will also limited the amount of areas that you can be successful at .

Tere are many ways in how we can became successful .
It will all depends of the amount of risk that you are willing to take at the time of doing somethings that you have not tried to do before .
Do new things , try different ways , push your limits and see how far you can go .
There exists an opinion that young people nowadays do not tend to spend enough time to helping their communities .
Indeed , I agree with this statement .
First of all , the notion of individualization has taken over in modern times and consequently among the young generation .
Young people place more value on individual interests than they do on the interests of the community they are in .
As a result they tend to devote an appreciable amount of time to their own works and private lives .
This in turn , as may easily be guessed , does not leave much time for them to do something for their communities .

Moreover , the lives of young people became much more difficult than they were in the past .
By the word ` difficult ' I mean that the conditions that face the young generation are more cruel and competitive .
The world population and hence the amount of young people increases year by year .
Therefore , in order to achieve something in life , the representatives of the young generation have to work much harder and concentrate more on their own interests .
In other words , they just do not have time to be engaged in helping their communities .
I would like to bring my life as an example .
I want to become a successful scientist in the future .
However , nowadays there is an appreciable amount of students who would like to pursue a scientific career - especially in my field ( genetics ) .
Therefore , in order to ` outweigh my rivals ' I have to work quite hard and have very little time to help my parents , relatives or friends .

Furthermore , helping someone else in general and the community in particular should involve a great sense of responsibility .
However , as far as I could observe the members of the current young generation usually lack that .
In other words , they do not want to take responsibility for someone else and hence do not tend to help that ` someone else ' .

In conclusion , I would like to mention that in view of the reasons and the example stated above , I certainly think that at our times young people do not spend a reasonable amount of time devoted to helping their communities .
In my opinion , is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects instead of a specialization in one of them .
I say this because I think that is the best solution in order to find a work in today 's society , where companies are continously on change and require a huge flexibility and adaptability for the new works .

According to this , school must provide to give a basical instruction , teaching many different subjects .
In this way , each student will have a quite complete background in the fileld he choose .

I think that also specialization is important for work , of course , because it implies that a person is really good on doing something specific .
But I also think that an high level of specialization could be reached only with years and years of study and work , and school ca n't give this opportunity to everybody .

An example : I study design , but lots of kind of designs .
Interior design , virtual design , graphic design and much more .
But what I really like to do is Web design .
So , school gives me first the opportunity to learn about different tipes of design and , second , to understand which is the best for me .
After the school I can specialize myself in Web design by work , because I have a basical preparation that school gave me , and , in the same time , the other students in my class could choose another specialization , according to their preferences .

This model of teaching subjects gives lots of advantages , because it is n't neither rigid nor boring .
It gives anyone the possibility to choose , without create limits .
Academic subjects are only the start up of the student 's working life , that he can and must develope in his career .
But at the same time they are very important , because allow the student the opportunity to understand what he really like to do in his future .
In the modern society , with the general growth of population and knowledge , more and more jobs and fields of study are available .
Therefore , it has become a difficult task to choose a way of study .
Is that better to specialize on a particular academic subject or to keep a good overall knowledge in many subjects ?

As far as I am concerned , I would first disagree with the idea that having a broad knowledge is the best thing to do .
Indeed , specialists are nowadays more than necessary because we are always discovering new things and expending our knowledge .
Nobody can keep in touch with the latest discoveries in every domain .
For instance , one of my teachers is a searcher in a very specific field : model driven development in computer sciences .
Thanks to him and his colleagues , new features of programming have discovered and are now used by a lot of people .
Because this teacher has been fond of his speciality since his childhood , he has made and still makes some important work on this particular field of computer sciences .
Moreover , when he is teaching us , we can fell he his giving us the latest and most accurate knowledge available .
This helps us understanding and appreciating the subject .
Thus , it can be a good thing to specialize in a specific domain mainly when you like it .

On the other hand , it is important to say that it would n't be good if there were only specialists in our societies .
Actually , as I just said , it is more and more difficult to know a lot of things in many domains .
So specialists concentrate on a special branch of a domain .
Sometimes , they can even work on very specific topics like `` how do the electrons pass through the silicium in a transistor '' .
This kind of work has to be handled by people who are not really specialists but who know how the results of the research can be used .
These persons with a broad knowledge are also essential .
They are the only one who can coordinate the works and give them some utility .
They act as a manager in a company .

In conclusion , I would say that both academic curriculae ( broad or specific ) can be good .
At least , they are both useful in society .
In fact , the choice depends on the personality of the student and the possibilities in the university .
I disagree with the statement `` Young people do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
You can find youngsters doing commuty services at college , at the welfare clubs and anywhere they find themselves needed .

College is main area of such service centres .
They have their own groups there that does works like collecting funds from students for a worthy cause , or conducting any event , may it be cultural or academic to raise the money for a need .
I would like to quote something related to the recent `` tsunami '' attack that killed lives of many .
There were casualties and loss of properties and the poor people who live in coastal regions were badly affected .
Our college group , who wanted to help the victims , raised a `` Contribute some and Save them '' event to raise money , and it colleceted a gross amount nearing eighty thousand .
It would be small , when only one college is considered , But when all the colleges in that area are considered its a substantial sum .
Its even amazing how much such events in colleges throughout the country would have acquired .

Another instance to quote is the recent `` Blood Donation '' camp that was organised by the youth club in my locality .
The event was done with guidance and it was a huge success .
People , mainly youngsters - both boys and girls participated whole heartedly .
And it surely would save lives .

Not only at college or residential area , even at our workplace such services occur frequently - may be blood donation camp , may be raising money for a cause , or maybe visiting a hospital or an orphanage .
These visits include spending time the children in orphanage and making them smile and doing cultural perfomances to give them a good time .
Or hospital visit - majorly to help in soothing the patients and hearing their problems .
Both visits end up in donations being made to them .

These show that youngsters are doing community services very good .
I agree with the statement but only partially .
Education is termed as the path to overall development of a person and since childhood people are trained in a variety of topics and after a certain age when they can decide for thmselves the person can chose a topic or subject of his liking and specialize in it

At the basic childhood level the school circulum include all the knowledge rquired for the child to view the world in the normal sense .
Subjects such as social and natural Sciences tell the everyday movements of the earth its location and how and why of many aspects of nature which interest the child at that age .

At high school level the subjects are dealt in detail and a fewer subjects are dealt at that stage so that the in depth knowledge of a few selective subjects is stressed .
This leads to the development of a personality and the young adult now can have a subject of his liking at undergraduate level .
The subjects learnt so far will also assist the person his or her chosen field of specilisation FOR EXAMPLE the use of concept of physics like gravity and momements of earth and other objects in space in the field of rocket science and design engineering .

At undergrauate level of education the person gets to decide about a specific subject and specilize it at his graduate and doctrate level of education if he choses to do so .
FOR EXAMPLE , consider the case of engineering at undergraduate level an electronics engineer can convert into a computer and electronics engineer at his graduate level using his computer knowledge on his electronic basics .

In conclusion , i have to say that although specific knowledge of an academic subject is important the need for knowledge on a variety of subjects is all the more important to attain an over all developed personality for a person .
Particularly in this day and age when a knowledge of variety of topics is needed to survive in this technologically submerged world .
I completely agree with the statement .
It is clear that everyone 's life is full of obstacles and problems and often we 're not be able to prevent them by accurate projects or by putting ourselves in certain conditions .

Owing to this fact , people who experiment many difficulties in their lives and can get over them , even not easily , are more prepared when any other obstacle occurs .
In addition , who have the luck to try in his own life a broad variety of experiences have surely a more flexible mind that can help him solving problems or getting higher places in the society .

For example , a man who has tried different jobs and has learned many different skills , would surely learn and do faster a new work than another worker who just applies for it and who never experienced other jobs .

So , people who like adventure , new experiences and thing they 've never do before will most probably gain much more skills and ways to get over problems than other people ever could do .

Since those are the most required characteristics in all activities of the society , those people have great chances to get succes in their lives .
Even the attitude to take risks is a fundamental characteristic to be successful , because if you never try other thing , you will surely stay on your current state of life and you 'll never have the opportunity t get higher .
Moreover , take risks teaches you to accept both winning and losing , that is the most important lesson one should learn in order to achieve any kind of objective .

On the other hand , people may have good reasons to not take risks and to not experience new things , such as family , studies an other thing that may be much important that have a successful life .
Nowadays , in our modern society , the way of living of young people is ruled by fears and difficulties .
For young people , it is more and more difficult to enjoy life because they do n't succeed in accomplishing what they want .
Moreover , given the global economy into which we are moving and the increasing fears that exist everywhere in the world , it is undeniable that young people enjoy life less than older people do .

First , no body can be denied that young people in our century have more problems than their parents .
Indeed , today , young people are confronted to several difficulties , such as money , war and health .
Concerning money , it is more difficult for young people to find a job than older people .
Unemployment is a serious hurdle to happiness for young people .
Moreover , concerning health , young people are confronted to AIDS .
They can not enjoy their sexual life as they parents do because they have fears .
Concerning war , many young people in the world are suffering from war and its consequences .
Indeed , there are only young people in an army .

In addition to that , we can see that , older people have an established life .
They have a job , earn money and hence they are able to feed their family .
It is a way for them to have a quiet life .
For young people , this is not the case .
As a matter of fact , they do n't have the same perception of their future .
Our socity ruled by media and communication is suffering from an atmosphere of fears .
Because of that , young people do n't feel confortable in their life .
They think that they will not succeed in life because it is day by day more and more difficult .

To conclude , I think that , it is difficult for young people to enjoy life because they have more problems than older people have .
However , young people have to be aware of the advantages of being youth .
Indeed , they have a better heath , and they are able to study and to be helped by their parents .
Students can learn facts , but not necessarily understand them .
It is essential for any student to comprehend concepts in order to take advantage of what he or she has understood .
Learning facts might be useful if students understand and know to apply them .
Therefore , understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .

A student who understands an idea is able to use it and put it into practice because he or she masters it .
For instance , understanding how temperature affects gas expansion will allow students to know when it is a good time to fill a car wheel with air .
However , if a student simply learns that higher temperatures tend to expand a gas , this concept will only be general knowledge and probably not useful for him or her .
In other words , understanding

When a student understands , he or she is expanding his or her knowledge as well .
Although learning facts also expands our views of the world , understanding is a far-reaching tool that might be benefitial to achieve good goals .
Understanding might help students in using ideas and concepts to solve real-life problems .
For example , imaging someone having problems taking out the grease of the dishes with only water .
If that person understnads the effect of soap in water , he or she will go and use soap .

Likewise , understanding ideas and concepts helps students to be more creative .
Students who have understood something are likely to look for new ways to apply to knowledge gained .
For instance , understanding

Consequently , it is very important to understand ideas and concepts in order for them to be useful .
Just learning facts has probably a negative impact on students because it only augments the knowledge the person has , and does not help him or her at all .
It 's very hard to generalize who enjoys life more , either young people or older people .
This usualy varies according to each individual 's personality and life story .
However , there are a few ideas and observations that make me assume that older people tend to enjoy life more .

Young people have more energy to live and constantly experience more things .
However , they may get caught up on the velocity of our modern world and not fully enjoy the everyday of their lives .
They have a thirst for something different all the time .
This insatiable craving can distract them from savoring each moment as somethig valuable and enjoyable .

Many times , young people confront difficult situations in which it appears that life is facing its limits .
The bad situations seem graver and can affect the younger mind , not being able to see the long term perspective that an older mind can more likely visualize .

On the other hand , older people live a life with a slower rithm , a life in which they can look back to what they have accomplished and enjoy where they stand today .
Individuals of greater age have more memories , and have experienced more situations , that can put them at ease with their expectations and make them enjoy the little things more than younger people .

Unlike young people , the elder usually have created families , that constantly bring joy to their lives .
The satisfaction of sharing the everyday moments with the poeple one loves , is something that comes with age , when one has had the time to value his beloved ones .

Even though one tends to think that young people are always more enthustiastic towards life and generaly more satisfied , in my experience , it is those who have lived longer that possess the key and secret behind true happiness .
I believe that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning only facts .
In my opinion , there are several reasons why ideas are more important than facts .
For instance , while I was attending history course , which is often believed to be made only of facts , I realized that some events are common in different periods .
Therefore , when I was able to understand the ideas and concepts , I was also able to catalog similar events in big caterogories and this way of learnig helped me in getting a good mark in the exam .

Moreover , while I was attending the university I realized that the way of learning ideas and concepts is really imporant .
For example , a course can explain with some examples how to deal with certain issues .
However , it may occur that a different issues occurs so , I believe that only whether you understood the ideas you might solve this new issue .

An example , that confirmed that ideas and concepts are more important than facts , is what happened last year during the electronic laboratory course .
I and my friends were working on `` led '' , light emitting diode , and we were measuring the emssion of the light .
We were using a particular instrument to get the measures when it stopped to working .
We were worried because we knew that was the only instrument to do that kind of measure .
What is more we studied only how to use that kind of instrument and other types .
Our professor told us that also it was impossible to repair it .
We thought we lost all the experiment , but it was not true .
While we were reading the the manual we understood that that istrument was only the combination of two well known instrument : a '' wave generator '' and '' amperometer '' .
We got the ideas .
We were able to build our instrument and continue the experiment .
We were really happy of what we had done and we understood that the we were able to finish our experiment ony because of ablity to abstract ideas and concept that we had understood in the past .
In my opinion , specializing in one specific subject is definetly a very important advantage in life , but you should have also a broad knowlegde of other academic subjects , too .

It is necessary to know about other academic subjects to use your special knowlegde in an effective way .
For example , a manager has to know about much about politics , computer science and mathematics to use and handle his specific economic knowlegde .
If a manager only knows about economic , he could n't do a good job .

Another advantage of broad knowlegde is , to use it easy in your normal life .
It helps you having a good conversation with your business partners or other persons .
When you only know about your own specific subject , it is not possible to talk with other people about their problems or the news in TV .

On the other hand , concentrating on one special subject can help raising the career .
For a scientist , for example , it will be a good choice to concentrate on only one academic subject , because he hardly can use other knowlegde in his job .
When the scientist does n't get deep into his subject , he ca n't do a good job , because his task is , to find new things and think further than other people did before him .

Another advantage of specializing is , that you can be the best in your subject if you only concentrate on this one subject in your life .
It is not possible to be the best in computer science , when you are focussed on other subjects at the same time .

As a result , it depends on the person , his attitude and his job , what his best way of education is .
For some people the best way is , to have a broad knowledge , and other people should better specialize .

In my case , the best choice is to have a broad knowlegde , because i am still not quite sure about what i want to be in my life .
After making a decision i can still specialize on one specific subject to be good in my job .
I agree that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts that it is for them to learn facts .

An education based on the ` why ' behind many different topics will provide a holistic education to students .
As a result , students will understand ideas and concepts .
Students will have clearer pictures .
A student will learn a few factual information while he or she is in the process of learning an idea or a concept .
The student will become more creative .
The student will be in position to contribute more meaningfully to different discussions with different groups of people .
Such learning help student build some skill sets such as soft skills related to analysis , thinking .
Also , students feel encouraged to opt for constructive environment in which the learning is based on ideas and concepts .
Students feel no undue stress on remembering facts as just remembering facts are not going to help in the long run .

Instead of remembering some rules or incidents as mere facts , the student will be in position to question the existing those rules and incidents .
There are chances that more new ideas and concepts will be generated .
For example , recent changes such as orgnanized producers in retail sectors have resulted in better and efficient processes for the end customers .

In today 's online world , the factual information is easily available .
Students do not need to do any rote learning .
Also , learning facts hampers a student development .
Students will rely on memory for such a trivial case about which information is easily available .
For example , a trivial case would be that how many bones are present in human body .
There is no need to learn such facts .
Instead , once the student is aware that the number of bones can vary during the different stages of life or can vary due to some external factors .
The student will be in more position to understand the reasons for such a varied number .
Such a discussion based on ideas and concepts will provide more insights to everyone involved .

In sum , students who understand ideas and concepts will excel in life from the all round development and will be in position to contribute meaningfully to the socielty .
To answer this question , we must carefully look at the advantages and desadvanteges of either a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or a broad knowledge in one specific subject .

Let 's look at the major advantage of broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
If one has a broad knowledge of different academic subjects one has the power to draw connections between different academic fields which often leads to very creative solutions for complex questions .
In a world that gets more and more complex this is a very important skill .

However , broad knowledge has also a big disadvantage : It is obvious , that the knowledge of every single academic subject ca n't be very profound , because usually there is not enough time to get a broad and profound knowledge about many academic subjects .

On the other side what 's the major advantage of having a specialized knowlegde in one specific subject ?
If one has a very profound knowlegde of a specific academic subject one can concentrate fully on this subject and try to get more knowlegde about this subject .
One has the possibility to push the science on this subject forward .
One can develop new modells and solutions on this specific field .
That would not be possible , if one tried to get a broad knowledge over many academic subjects .

The most important disadvantage in specializing in one specific subject is the lack of survey .
There is a big danger that one get lost in looking for a solution , that could have been found much easier by taking a glance of other academic subjects .
One stops to look over the boundaries , which can be very helpfully - as pointed out at the beginning .

Looking at these advantages and inconvienients I am drawing the following conclusion .
Because the world is getting more and more complex it would not be intelligent to just concetrate on one of the two possibilities .
In my opinion it is absolutely necessary that in academic fields there is a good combination of people who have a broad knowledge of many academic subjetcs but also of people who specialize in one specific subject .
That is the best way to encounter the multiplen and complex questions and problems of the future .
Each and every person knows how to have fun in his or her own way .
I completely disagree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more that older people do ''

What is fun ?
All the smartest minds combined on our mother Earth will not be able to answer that question .
Every one has a different idea of fun .
I am ninteen years old and when I was younger I definately thought that my parents were boring and I never wanted to do anything fun with them .
I thought that my friends and I were the end of the world .
While on the other hand my parents went out all the time and had fun too .

Fun is what a lot of people would connect enjoying life too .
In my opinion that 's incorrect .
I like to go out , party and spend most of my time with my friends but on the other hand my aunt prefers sitting at home and watching t.v or talking on the phone or surfing the internet .
She sits at home and I party , to a stranger my aunt would sound really boring but she has fun in her own way .
She 's enjoying life too .

Older people suit the phrase `` been there done that '' perfectly .
They have experienced what the younger generations are going through right now at this moment .
Younger people want more and older people are saturated and want to do different things which would relax them .

To enjoy life we have to do what we like , even if its just sitting and staring into thin air and we have to do these things with the people who we love and who love us .
Spending some quality time with the people who we care about , what more could anyone ask for ?

Enjoying life is a must but how you do it is n't .
Pursue your dreams follow not only your heart but also your mind .
Do it well and dont forget the poeple who have stood by your side along the way .

To enjoy life older people do n't need to be party animals , as long as you do what makes you happy your automatically enjoying life in your own special way ..
I strongly agree with this idea .
I really think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
If I understand an idea or concept I can really go deeply in a subject and remember it for long time .
Also , I can apply that idea to other situations .
On the other hand , if I just learn facts I will have just superficial knowledge and I will remember those facts for short time .
Probably , it is going to be difficult for me to apply that knowledge to other scenarios .

First , it is very important to deeply understand concepts and to remember them for years .
From my personal experience I can say that I studied literature in high school not only reading the books but also analizing them in their context .
Knowing who the author was , when the book was written , for example .
With that ideas in mind I could understand better what a text said and I can still explain that topic to other people .
On the contrary , I studied biology just with facts .
For instance , I learnt the name of parts of the body and their location , but I never understood how they worked .
If someone asks me about that field , I would have to say that I do not know much and also I do not remember even the facts .

Second , I think that a good way to use the knowledge is applying it in different situations .
To do that we need to understand very well what concepts we know and how they are related with others .
Although we have a big list of facts , we can not use the esence of that subject in a new challenge .
For example , to play the piano I have to learn how to read music .
I can not just learn wich key in my piano is Do , Re or Mi .
I have to understand that the notes are a representation of music and in that way it is going to be possible for me to play any piano , keybord or even othe instruments .

As a conclusion I can say that if a student wants to learn , he or she has to understand the ideas and concepts first .
The facts are also important , but they are nothing if the student can not explain how they are related or if he or she can just repeat words without a deep meaning behind them .
People may try new things for which risk has to be taken , and if the risk pays of they become successful .
I strongly belive that when there is a risk involved the chances of being successful are equal to chances of failing .
Definetly only new things give greater magnitude of success , since people are more inclined to newer and innovative things rather than the things which are already existing , there would certainly go for something new in the market .
I know of a person who became very sucessful after introducing polyster into the national market where all the major buissness sold only cotton as their main product , the person tried something new though he knew that risk was involved and became a great success story .

On similar grounds one of my friend wanted to try out something new and he opened a chain of clothes store on a newbrand name , though everyone adviced him to take up a franchise with an already established brand as their was reduced risk of failing and reduced cost in new ideas and advertizements , he did not listen to their advice and setup his own thing , but unfortunately for him the store did not do good business and he could not get to taste success .
I also know of a person who opened a franchise of a popular company and doing great bussiness , here he did not try anything new went with doing what people already new about , that way it was a sure thing for him and he did not have to invest as much as he would have if he started something new and he is enjoying success , although his success might not be of an equal magnitude compared to the ones who have tried new things and became successful .

I conclude that as there are two sides to a coin there are both advantages and disadvantages in trying out new things or doing something which is already well established .
A person starts to learn from birth to death .
The amount of knowledge changes over time during this life perod .
Its contents become more spesific and detailed as well .
A baby can say limited words until he learn his mother language .
Therefore , specializing in one subject is in the nature of the human being , so it should be prior to having broad knowledge in a person 's life .

The school contents are being specialized as the person grows .
For instance , in primary school , there is no majors .
On the other hand , in high schools or universities , the person chooses his department according to his area of interest .
Moreover , comparing the bachelor degree , master degree is more spesific on one subject .
Therefore , specialization is an unevitiable process that we face during our early period of our lives namely the education period .

However , after this specialization period of the life , general information becomes more valuable to the person .
For instance , a computer engineer works in the programming department of a company until the age of 35 , As a result of the idealistic instinct of human being , he wants to get higher degree in the department .
However , an executive master degree in business administration is required for such a position .
Therefore , the person gets the degree to reach his goal .
When the value of specific knowledge decreases , having broad knowledge becomes more valuable .

The life periods of specialization and having broad knowledge is in an order which affects the attitudes of human towards the types of knowledge .
Since I am a student now , it is better to speacialize in one spesific subject , however ; when I become in my thirties , I will probably to get my knowledge broader .
I must say I agree with the statement .

There are some advantages I could point out for trying new things and taking risks , which are :

- People who try new things differentiate themselves from the rest and get recognition for that from their peers and eventually from opinion leaders or other people that might help them with their purposes .

- Taking risks is the same than doing things not on the easy way .
Because of that , it should become both a rewarding and educational experience .
It may help overcome fears , it can help to learn more about ourselves and our limits and it should leave the door open for not being afraid of trying new things in the future .

- It makes you discover your strenghts and weaknesses and how far you can push yourself into different situations , as opposed to keep doing the activity that you know you perform well which will not let you discover hidden talents that you may have .

Everytime I watch the news or read the newspaper and see a business success story , I tend to think that that 's something I could have done .
Then I realize that it all has to do with the guts people have to start doing something before the rest .
Taking risks is a key to success .

Altough I have summarized some possitive appreciations of taking risks there are considerations that should be taken into account before trying new things :

Doing something new or different may cause a negative effect or even rejection from the rest of the people .
Therefore , if you are thinking of doing something nobody else has ever done before , you need to think first of how society will react to that new thing and if it can affect or hurt anybody in anyway .

Taking risks may drive someone into frustration if what he/she had in mind was not successful .
Not all your goals will be achieved by taking risks , there needs to be more than goodwill put into a project such as study , research , commitment and effort .

I think the combination of hard work , commitment and taking risks leads to succesfull people .

Knowing yourself , your strenghts and what you already know you can do well helps , but you need to give a step further to succeed .
It is true that facts could be helpful sometimes .
It is for example quite good to know some important dates of history or some names of important politicans .
However , I completely agree with the statement that it has a bigger effect for students to understand ideas and concepts !
There are several reasons why I think so .

One is that if a student really understands a concept he can adopit it to new issues or circumstances .
A good example is the concept of fieldwork , the basic method in anthropology .
If I had learnt just the facts about that method , for example who invented it and so on , I would have had a lot of problems during my first real fieldwork in Cameroon .
But because I learnt the concept and ideas behind , I could adopt it do my specific situation .

Another reason why I prefer understanding concepts to learning facts is that during that process of understanding you will made up your own opinion and you will create your own ideas .
So understanding is an important basis or fundament for further research questions or further thoughts in other areas and by the way you will learn all the important facts anyway , I am sure .

As a last reason it is just much more interesting to learn concepts than facts .
So all the classes and books I have taken or read which were based on concepts and ideas , I really loved .
And I can still remember the things and topics written in these books !
But the facts I had to learn for some multiple choice tests I forgot the day after ..

For all these reasons I think it is much more efficient and fascinating to learn and understand ideas and concepts on scientific issues during university time .
And , after all , I think it will be much more useful for a further academic or other kind of career .
I defenitly agree that it is more important for students to unterstand the ideas and concepts they have to learn than just to learn facts .
There are different reasons for my opinion and I will point out 3 of them .

The first point , I want to mention is that it is easier to learn and remember things , when you understand what you learn .
For example if you study without understanding the ideas there is the probability to fail in an exam because you are not able to reproduce the problem correctly and you can not be good in tests about transferring different information to a new point of view .
So it is not very useful to learn facts by heart , it is more important to get the whole situation .

Another point is that you should be able to connect diffferent information to understand the whole problem and I think this ability is not improved by learning single aspects of a problem .
Facts can change but the main ideas , for example the theories of Milton Friedman will be true even in ten years .
And you will need these thearies to understand different processes .

My last and most important point is that you learn for life and not for school or university .
That means that the lectures and texts in university are important and the knowledge which you should aquire are necessary to succed later in your job .
University education prepares you for yours tasks later in your work life , but if you just learn stupid facts and do not use the offered knowledge , there is a high probability that you will fail .
You must be able to solve a problem and I do not think that facts and figures will help you at your job .
If you need facts in your job , you can use primary and secondary data , for example to launch a research , which will get you the facts you need .

So all in all I prefer that students should learn complete thories and no single aspects .
On the one hand that is more difficult but on the other hand you will aquire much more timeless knowledge
The life is practical not theoritical .
To live in this practical world the every student should know the facts about the life .
But there are some places for those the person has to understand the ideas and concepts of the things .
I think that the students should understand the ideas and concepts as it is an important part of their education but it is more important for them to understand and know the facts about the things and life .
The following passages will explain the reasons for my opinion .

Firstly , a person cannot live in the world just by having the ideas and concepts , they have to become the practical in their life .
So if students start learning the facts from their primary education then they will be able to work in their field more successfully .
I can explain my view with an example , there are so many books that students read while doing the MBA or other management courses but when it comes to practical while doing the job most of them are not useful , so at that time the students are required to learn the facts .
Like many books says that a manager should not tell any thing worng to his employees and should not hide and fact or any information from his employees but there are several conditions when the management is required to hide the things and some information fromt he employee .
For example if the team is working on the some secret project then in these comdition the the manager is required to hide the important information from the team .
So if the students will learn these facts from their child hood they will become a better manager or better person in their field .

Secondly , if the students will learn these facts from the primary school then it will also save their time .
As most of their time goes in learing only the ideas and concepts .

Finally there are also some benefits of learing the ideas and facts in the student life .
A student will get more knowlede and will be having better ability to understand the things .
For example , an engineering student has to learn practical things in his life at the last .
But if he will be having the better concepts and idea that how is work done and how are the requirements of a good job then he will be able to perform well .

In sum , i think that the students should be given the knowledge about both the things that is about the facts and about the ideas and concepts .
As both plays their important role in the life of a student both are important for a successful person .
But more importance should be given in teaching about the facts rather than the ideas and concepts .
This statement brings up a very important concept that I have had several occasions to reflect on during and after my student 's life .
As my own experience proved me many times , it was more important to have the tools and concepts to understand the facts around me than to learn the facts without understanding the whys and hows of them .

I have followed a scientific education and been very sensitive to all scientific topics since my youngest age .
What always appealed to me in science was the fact that events could all find a logical explanation and that the world , after all , could be directed by understandable laws .
As an example , knowing that the water , when boiling , becomes vaporized , and therefore a gas , only gives the student a fact that he can observe , but from which he cannot draw any conclusion in the future .
On the other hand , knowing that all elements on earth can have three different phases , solid , liquid and gaz , give the students a concept .
This concept , in turn , can be apply to any material on earth .
It then explains why water boils , but it will also explain why iron melts or why azote can be found in a liquid form at lower temperature .

Another example could be found in history , where knowing the facts is , at first , the primary work of the students when they are teenagers .
The teacher would spend hours telling them about the history of their country and what happened when .
But , I know for myself , that the most interesting part of history teaching is not the facts , but why such events happened .
And how these events helped formed a nation 's history , which in its turn created new facts .
Knowing a date in itself does not really help to understand why a country decided to invade another one .

As a conclusion , training the students , to derive conclusions from observations and concepts they have learned , is a very important skill that would help anybody when faced later on in his life with new events .
Personnaly , this is how I have always viewed my education , as a provider of a great toolbox , that I could use anytime .
So far it helped me a lot .
When we are old can we say that all the joy of the life is lost easily ?
Can we say that nothing can make us happy and make us to feel the beauty of life ?
Of course not ; in every part of our life time we can find a beauty to be happy .
It is important to feel happy , not to feel upset for the time that past .
So , older people can enjoy their life , because of their pasts and their remainings .

Older people can recognise the beauties so easily than the younger people .
At the young ages , our life is more passing within a rush and hurry and bacause of this reason we ca n't see the clear details of life that can make us happy .
Sudden desires makes us more satisfied .
Hence the older people spend more time on earth , they can understand the long term changes more easily .
For example the growing of a flower , changes on earth ; like seasons , like sunsets etc .

As an other idea , i can say that older people have more stable friendships than the younger people have .
They have more strong connections between their friends and these friendships satisfy them more .
Talking with an old friend about the past and good days , spending time with them can make them happy easily .

On the other hand , older people have so much good memories about the past .
By remembering them , they can enjoy the life more easily .
Younger people are all on the start point of life and much of them does not have enough good memories about their past , because all their of short life period past in a hurry and with complex thoughts about the future .

As a conclusion , to get older in age does not mean to be older in emotions .
Besides , after the fast times of our younger days , the real beauty can more easily recognised .
It needs patience to be old and this patience helps old people to understand the meaning of life .
A question on having knowledge of whether many academic subjects or specialize in one specific subject is heavily debated among academics .
It is an apparent fact that interdisciplinary courses are very popular and a lot of academic institutions are offering courses in that context .
Although , I believe having knowlegde of many academic subjects are very helpful to reach a good comprehesion in the studies , I disaggre with the idea in general since I believe that a good academic research can be carried out with the good background in a specific field .

The strongest aspect of specializing in one subject is the power of the deepening in that field .
It is quite useful to have a broad knowledge of many subjects and it might serve to reach a meaningful synthesis when they are put together .
However , if one does not have a comprehensive knowledge in one field , it is surely very difficult to put the information in a framework that attempts to explain , for instance a case , in an academic way .

Let us think about a master thesis that we study on .
If we choose to conduct a case study , it is mostly comfortable to apply more than one theories .
If our master thesis is in social sciences , it is obvious that the case can be defined and studied in that manner .
However , I can put forward that it also creates many misunderstandings and it can end into a huge paper without nothing .
Because if we achieve to specialize on one aspect , we can draw the lines about the case which will help the reader to understand what is trying to be told .
A person who concentrates on one theory can depict the case very well under the guidance of main points of the field he or she deepened .

To sum up , although having knowledge in many fields can sound better than my idea , it is usually better to concentrate on one discipline to reach a better explaination .
I strongly believe that the broad knowledge of many academic subjects is far more beneficial than the narrow view on specific subject .
There are several important reasons which undergird my position .

The first one is that the world is being complicated and interdisciplinary .
In other words , it is impossible to understand where the world is heading without the compound analysis on the various subjects .
The good example for this is bioengineeing .
In these days , the field of study , bioengineering , is getting more popular .
And its property can be defined as diversity and integrity of other various fields of the study .
It can be referred as a mountain , which is living and breathing .
All fields of engineering and science , such as Mechanical Engineering or biology , chemistry , gets together building mountain , bioengineering .
Inside it , the each fields interacts and synchronize with each other .
Without the ability which can have himself or herself understand other fields of study , they cannot participate in the interaction among fields and the living mountain cannot live anymore resulting in the collapse both personally and socially .

The second one is that broad knowledge on many academic subjects affects the individual life directly .
For example , if someone knows well about english with Mechanical Engineering major , he can teach others english as a part time job .
Also , the person who has broad band of knowledge on academic subjects can do things then others who do n't .
Someone with qualified foreign language can make connection between his or her company with others abroad .

The specialzed knowledge on one subject can make researcher deep well of study .
However , the depth of the well can be further by broader entrance of it .
The wider the entrance , the deeper the well goes .
To get their own major is , of course , important .
However , we should remember that broader knowledge can make our research more profounder and valuable .
It support strong base for your major .

Therfore , I prefer to arm with broad knowledge of many academic subfects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I agree with the statement that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I agree with the statement because in this competitive world of today one has to really master his skills in a wide variety of subjects rather to specialize in one subject .
In this modern world the technology has so much advanced that without having a broad knowledge about a variety of subjects a person cannot becom successful .
Having a knowledge about a variety of subjects not only improve his intellectual power of thinking but will also improve his effficiency at work .
A person cannot succeed in his work if he does n't have thorough knowledge of his subjects .
For example , medical field has become so advanced and has introduced so many latest techniques that without thier thorough knowledge it would n't be possible to even operate a machine .
A simple example of such machine is MRI which is also known as the Magnetic Resonance Imaging .
Its basically consist of two parts one the hard ware part and the other is the software part .
Hardware part consists of all the mechanical systems including the couch and magnets and the software part consists of the computer system where imaces of the different parts of the body are acquired and saved for further evalution .
Now the hardware part is based on the engineering perspective and a requires a person to have a thorogh knowledge of it to operate the machine and should know the function of each part .
On the other hand software part requires a thorough knowledge of different softwares like the different languages used in the compiter then he should also be able to study the images .
So , in order perform any tast seuccesfully person shuold have a broad knowdledgwe of all the subjects rather than one
In modern era , people are getting more and more involved in their personal matters to such an extent that they cannot spare time for other social obligations .
Young generation , particularly focusses on its own interests disregarding the needs and problems of their communities as a whole .
I agree with the statement made by the author and substantiate my decision as follows .

The concept of `` Individualism '' has encompassed almost every corner and section of society .
People are preoccupied by the thought `` Survival of the Fittest '' .
That is why they are more focussed on their own personal lives and dont care for their community as a whole .
This is supported by the fact that whenever funds are granted for the upliftment of a particular community , people who are involved in such dealings tend to get maximum aid for themselves remaining unconcerned about the others in the community .

Also in today 's world everyone is flooded with the works and responsibilities one has to perform .
This leaves no room in their thought for such help to upbring their community .
Their hectic schedule doesnot leave them with enough spare time .
So they dont get enough time for considering concerns of their communities .

Moreover , these days the thinking of people have broadened and they donot want to give an edge to a community , no matter if that community is their own .
They believe in sense of competition and unbiased selection .
They believe in dignity of hard work and want justice to prevail among the society .

But one must admit as well , many associations which favor the improvement of a community as a whole are still present in fair numbers and are active .
Most of these associations are run by people who have been successful in life and want to provide opportunities to other members of their community .
Most of them comprise of donations , gifts and reservations for the members of their respective communities

In sum , despite of some exceptions the young people nowadays do not devote enough time to helping their communities and are more concerned with their daily responsibilities and obligations .
I agree .

In this rapidly changing world with higher degree of sophisticated benefits , comforts , luxuries and entertainment , young people are not sufficiently motivated to lend a helping hand to the community in which they live in .

The changing dynamics of world in terms of pace , the benefits money can bring , young people are getting attracted to them and started pursuing money earning habits or past time activities from a younger age not witnessed earlier .

Right from schooling a ` comprasion attitude ' in terms of quality or higher rank is commendable , yet it becomes deplorable when it is described or implanted in the younger minds as a trigger to money earning activity .
Such an impression in the early stage lasts long and effectively works in the minds of younger generation in pursuit of that goal .

Another stage that younger prople fall prey to this attitude is when they are deprived of certain minimum comforts their peers are enjoying .
This may make them parasites and kill or supress their natural concern or feeling for others .

The wide variety of entertainment available now a days keeps away from helping the community , rather spend as per their wish to derive some pleasure .
Though nothing wrong in spending for one 's own entertainment or comfort or benefit or luxury , being a part of society contributing to the society is like paying back to the parents .

The attitude of paying back and concern for others also gives pleasure and creates a healthy atmosphere .
This type of metamorphosis can be brought out by collective effort and higher degree of introspection .

It becomes the bounden duty of the parents and teachers to explain the moral and social values of the system and ensure that such qulaities get inculcated gradually in younger generation .

By explaining and making them understandable about the pleasures of sharing and helping the needy , younger generation can be made more responsible and acquire these divine qualities .
Some people may think that people should specialize in one specific subject because they can write a good thesis .
However , I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject for the following reasons .

First of all , having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is useful for working .
For example , in 2000 , when I was a forth year student in University of Tokyo , my major was civil engineering .
Of course , I took the subjects about the civil engineering , but I also tool the subjects such as economics and politics .
Now , I work at Japan Central railway company as a engineer and my project is to plan to build the station building .
I need to discuss with many co-workers .
I can solve the problems about this project effectively because I learn about wide knowledge about many subjects .
As a result , this project goes on very well .
This experience shows that having wide knowledge of a lot of academic subjects is very useful for working .

In addition , people can communicate well by having wide knowledge about many academic subjects .
For instance , I join on the swimming club now .
This team is consist of a lot of members such as professors in Keio University , workers at banks and engineers at heavy industrial companies .
In this club , we often go to the bar after the practice of the swimming and exchange some information .
I can communicate effectively with every members because I have wide knowledge of many academic subjects and I can ask some questions to them .
As a result , I can make many friends .
As the above example demonstrates , people can communicate well by having wide knowledge about a lot of academic subjects .

In conclusion , I strongly believe that it is better to have wide knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

The first reason why I feel this is the fast diminishing petroleum and crude oil reserves across the world .
According to one survey which I have read in the newspapers , all the oil reserves in the world may cater the demand for a maximum of another 100 years if the usage continues in the same phase .
So the governments may force the public to use less cars to save the petroleum for other important tasks like cooking etc . ,

Another reason is that even if we develop cars which use electricity in the form of charged batteries as fuel instead of petroleum or diesel , the generation of electricity needs water or coal which are agian non-renewable sources of energy and they can be replenishable .
This means that there is no guarantee for those models unless scientists come up with some source of energy like hydrogen gas which can be used as a fuel in the broader perspective without any problems in future .

The third reason for my belief is the changing life styles of the people around the world .
One may wonder how this effects the usage of cars .
Now a days , the life style of the modern man has changed a lot , thanks to the luxuries provided by the advancements in the technology .
Man has so much been addicted to the technology that , even to go to the nearby grocery shop , he needs a means of transportation like car .
So the problem of obesity has started .
This problem is not now confined to only developed countries .
Even developing countries are facing the same problem .
In fact , obesity has become a global problem .
So the doctors are advising the people to have more physical exercise .
So I think the means like bicycle may provide the dual benefit and the usage of cars will come down .

So , given my reasons , I agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use than they are today .
In my point of view , I agree that young people enjot life more that older people do .
Young as the people are , they receive information more quickly than the older .
Thus , when they they want to enjoy their life they have more ideas , more passion , and more creativity .

Firstly , nowadays , each time we receive a piece of new information we hold a new idea .
Providing that we do n't have the internet we ca n't enjoy mass media resources .
The older people are not able to enjoy them due to the limit of the knowledge of the internet .
Young people dive into the ocean sea for the sakes of the new technology , imagining that if young people ca n't get the new idea they wo n't do that .
However , the old people may not or dare not .

Secondly , I think young people have a strong passion for life .
They dream for their future .
As being in the young group , I always plan my bright future no matter what problems I encounter , thus I am getting ready for anything to happen in the next minute .
I do n't think the old people are willing to accept all that is not pleasant .
Life is full of unperdiction and I think the best way to enjoy it is to enjoy the unknown things happening .
We are passionate enough to face the life .

Thirdly , life should be around with creativity .
There is impossibile that a lot of things such as romantic things , surprising things are supposed to happen to us without our creativity .
I think the young people are more creative than the older ones .
If we want to enjoy the life it ca n't be emphasized any more that creativity is required .
A lot of family problems is caused by less creativity .
Therefore , our young people should take the advantage of holding various creavitity to enjoy life .

Life is enjoyed with passion , creativity , and ideas .
Young people , as the majority part of society , should do it better that the older people .
In different countries , we have different types of education , the question that must be highlighted is which kind of education ids the best or the most efficient .
In my opinion , to have broad knowledge of many subjects is better .
For that , I shall use how it affects social behavior and then how it is a simpler way for teenagers to get to know which job they really want to do .

Firstly , acquiring a wide range of knowledges allows one to interact more easily in one 's society .
By having at the same time notions of maths , of geography , history or arts for examples allow communication to be wider .
There are more subjects to discuss about ; in other terms having more knowledges is possessing a larger culture .
I think that knowing facts about history , geography , philosophy , economics are important because they concern the humanhood and more specifically our daily life , so they are benficial to us , how would we know where are countries when mentionned at the television for example .
The perfect image of this type of person who knows a bit of everything is Sherlock Holmes who although being specialised in crimes , due to his occupation , we learn that he knows a variety of things : chemistry , self-defense are such examples .
Throughout the different stories , we can see his easyness to get in a conversation with anyone on anything .

Secondly , as a student I know that choosing a future job and thus selecting the corresponding courses is very difficult .
As a fact , postponing such decisions are a way to be fully happy and totally aware of their meaning and consequences once the time has comed .
Moreover , continuing or beginning academic subjects is important because as time passes you can progressively decide which you prefer and therefore making the right choice at the right time .
However , making a professional choice does not imply letting all the other knowledges down , in the contrary one can get specialized once he is beginning to work but by no means forget what he has learnde beside .

To sum up , I would say that it is necessary possessing a wide range of knowledges as it allows to be more social , and it helps to our comprehension of our environment .
It helps also on the choice of the job one has to make has it gives him time to appreciate and to make the best decision for him .
I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
First of all , I think there is almost no profession only dealing with one academic subject .
For example , if you study English literature , you also need historical , cultural and linguistic knowledge to be successful in understanding your own subject .
Or if you plan to become a Physicist , you need extented knowledge in biology , chemistry and especially mathematics .

Furthermore , to be specialized in only one subjects causes remarkable difficulties in private as well as public life .
Your relationships will be limited to people of your own specific subjects and you are not able to connect or communicate with other people because you cannot understand them and vice versa .
If you talk to a Biologist who does not know anything about any other topics , you will not be able to talk to him because there is nothing that connects you .

The most important argument for favoring a broad knowledge rather than a very specific one is very personal .
For me it is very important to gain a broad general knowledge because I think people with limited specific knowledge also have a limited emotional ability .
I am sure that people who read a lot of different kinds of texts can much easier relate to the problems of other people than people who tend to read texts exclusively dealing with one subject .
People with knowledge of many subjects can understand situations although they will never have to face them , whereas people with restricted knowledge will not be able to deal with those situations because they are beyond their limited horizon .

In conclusion I may say that a broad knowledge of many subjects makes more sense than to specialize in one specific subject .
People belonging to the first group have advantages in many different situations , such as academical , professional , interactional as well as emotional ones , as stated above .
Broad knowledge is more effective because it enhances diversity .
As for today 's world , development and technology requires human beings to have extensive knowledge and display multifacetic characteristics .
We do not live anymore in a world where we were forced to specialize in one thing to survive .
Today , it works differently .
People are now exposed to more information and learning , thus stretching there overall knowledge .
The vast range of information , together with people 's desire to succeed , make them better prepared for the unknown future .

The 21st century brought with it the availability of information , thus promoting faster learing .
With this phenomenon , people are exposed to vast amounts of information that allow them to develop and grow .
For example , some who is more aware of world events is more praised than someone who only knows about the war going on in Iraq .
By having the mechanisms to obtain information , people want more and more , thus creating competition .
If you are competing for a job place as an accountant suppose , and your rival knowns computer managing in addition to accounting , while you just know accounting , your rival results more efficient for the company .

The disire to succeed in this world creates a lot of competition amongst the people .
With the wide range of information and technologies , the world expects people for more , thus we are forced to learn more things .
Diversity then comes in play in this situation .
Today , success is about being efficient and useful .
Hence , people who know how to do more things and better understand more things , is rather wanted .

In conclusion , in relation to the present world , knowledge in better appriciated for its quantity rather than quality .
Obviously , everything has its limits , for some has to understand at least the basics of many things .
Based on my experience , I do not agree with the statement , though I understand the importance of having broad knowledge of many academic subjects for using academic skills properly .
In particular , technology without ethics is dangerous such as genetic engineering and nuclear power without deep consideration of their effect on our society .
Once we specialize in one specific subject , we tend to be narrow minded and do not care about other things happening in the world .
In that sence , I agree with the idea that having broad academic knowledge is important .

However , if academic skills are required for becoming professional in any areas , to know deeply in one subject is much more important than to know broadly in many subjects .
If I make an advise for high school student who enter a university for academic skills , I would say `` it is better to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects if you want to be a professional . ''

To know something is totally different from to do with something , in general .
For example , skills to do research as a professional in one specific subject is very much different the skills to know many subjects as a hobby .
When we are young , we tend to try to broaden our possibility and be interested in many areas .
Based on my experience , however , our time is limited and too short to know many academic knowledges deeply .
We have to choose either way of knowing deeply or knowing broadly .
They are trade off .
Therefore , after getting enough knowledge of one specific subject as a professional , having a broad knowledge of other academic subjects is the best way , I think .
Once we are used to one academic subject , it is much easier to know other academic subjects , because the structures of academic subjects are similar , in general .

To summarize , if we would like to do with the academic skills as a professional , I think it is better to specialize in one specific subject for several years in a university .
I think people usually buy products because of attractive advertisement .
But most products are worse than sample on the advertisement .
Therefore , I agree with the topic -- most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

First of all , salers always tell customers how great the products are .
They can make a magic story to show how products work .
For example , one time I went to a cusmetic store , and the clerk told me their product was good , it could make my skin better .
After I used it for a week , I did n't think so .
It was not useful , and it was very expensive .
I was really angry about that .

Second , advertisement companies know how to design the product and advertisement to attract people .
In addition , they know how to persude the customers and make many programs , such as buy one get one , or coupons .
For instance , those programs usually attract women and teenagers .
But they always regret after they bought those products .

Third , advertisement companies usually make a survey to understand what kind of products will be popular .
And they try to make a perfect product in a reasonable price on the advertisement .
When customers see the advertisement , or hear from their friends or co-workers , they will rush to buy without thinking .

In my opinion , I usually think twice before I buy something .
It is necessary to consider about that .
As I have many experiences , I do n't want to waste money on those unuseful things anymore .
Now , if I really want to buy something , I always ask my friends or look up information on the internet .
Salers just want to earn money , they can tell you all advantages of their products , and after you bought it , you will find out how terrible it is .
Therefore , I support the idea -- most products seem better on the advertisement than they really are .
The French government is looking forward to implementing a measure that has triggered an important controversy .
Indeed , they want to enable children to drop out general formation when they are fourteen so that they could specialize in one specific field by attending classes on this subject and making internships .
It rests on the idea that it is better to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I agree with this idea , even if I would like to nuance it by saying that a basic knowledge of several academic subjects is necessary before specializing in one particular subject .

First and foremost , people may not need a broad knowledge of many academic subjects in their daily lives or in their jobs .
For instance , a baker may not feel concerned by the study of DNA .
People may also be more interested in a specific subject and want to learn more about it .
For example a scientific may be keen on mathematics ; then he will wish to concentrate on the study of this field and drop out a deep study of physics or biology , even if he will need a basic knowledge in these fields since these three sciences interact .
Therefore one can adquire a basic knowledge of several academic subjects and then choose to specialize in one specific subject , in order to become an expert in this particular subject .

Nevertheless , the step during which one adquires a general knowledge about fundamental subjects is also very important .
A law which would allow children to leave school when they are fourteen ay be criticized from this point of view , insofar as it is the period of teenagers ' life during which they should adquire this general knowledge that proves necessary to understand the world which surrounds them .
For instance , they need to have at least basic knowledge of history and economy if one wants them to understand what is at stake in topical issues .
This understanding is of critical importance inasmuch as they will become citizens .

As a conclusion , I would rather say that each and every one of us should decide to specialize in one specific subject which particularly interests him , but after having adquired a sufficient competence in several academic subjects .
I think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

Indeed , it is important not to focus on only one aspect of things and life .
The world around us is made with plenty of different things that one should be familiar with .
Having a large scale of knowledge allows us to understand almost everything that happens in our society , and therefore we do n't have to rely on others ' knowledge in order to make our own opinion .

There are many different ways of seeing things and event .
If we are able to watch things only from one point of view , we might miss the most important .
For example , when you listen to a politician you might have some economical knowledge and thus understand part of his speech .
Thus , if what he says is economically accurate you will tend to agree with him .
But if instead you have law knowledge you might understand it a totally different way and if what he says is not accurate in a law point of view , you will totally disagree with him .
On the other hand , if you have knowledge both in law and in economy , you will be able to take the speech as a whole and to make a balance between law and economic interests .
Then your opinion seems to me more valuable to me .

On a more practical point of view , I think that , in today society , we must be able to adapt to very different situation .
For example I will certainly have to change of jobs several times .
If I am very specialized in one specific subject , I wo n't have a large scale of possibility .
Thus , the larger the scale of my knowledge , the more chance I will have to find a job that suit me .
In addition , employers now ask to their employees to be able to adapt to different situation and to be able to manage very different issues .
Therefore they need to have broad knowledge of difffent subjects .

But on the other hand , I am conscious that having a broad knowledge of many academic subject should n't lead to have only superficial knowledges .
It is also important to be able to go depper into a specific subject .
But I am of the opinion that if you are able to understand a large scale of subject , it will then be easier to focus more specifically on one , being able to understand all the implications the subject can bring , not being trap in a narrow way of seeing things .
Some people is considered successful because they have achieved great success in their careers , but what we have to think about is what makes these people successful ? , is the fact that they only do what they know best or that they take risks by exploring new career paths ? ; I will present some points that have to be considered before agreeing or disagreeing with the statement .

To check more about the subject , let 's see an example : a business man , involved in the development of computer software , has a company on which the people develop computer software products for other companies who could need them .
Maybe he has a degree on Computer Science on which he relies all the knowledge he has about the computer industry , so he could develop products based on the needs of today 's companies just using what he knows ; he only gets to work with things that he is sure that he can handle and he does not try to get involved using new technologies at all .
The company could have a good season , but in this industry you have to be ahead and know what is coming .

The problem with the example listed before , is that there are some times on which people have to take some risks if they want to succeed in their careers , they have to try new things , they have to know where the businesses are going , they have to be aware of the changes made in the world with today 's globalization .
New ways of thinking are coming , new markets have to be explored and new cultures ( companies ) will try to succeed in your own culture , your own market .

Global competition is stronger now and with all this coming in in just a few months , weeks or days , people have to learn how to take risks in new areas , not just in the ones they know well , because today 's companies are trying to get more of the market .
The more knowledge and experience a person could have in several areas , the better he will do in the way of success .

In conclusion , I agree with the statement shown before , because it applies quite right on today 's lifestyle on doing new things on your job , offering new products and services , and getting ready for the globalization phenomenon that is taking place these days .
Life is a rollercoaster ride experience , which has its ups and downs , its high peaks and slow curves or falls , which means that each stage of this ride carries with it valuable experiences , each which we have to live at a specific time and period .
I believe both young and older people enjoy life equally the same , the only thing different is that they find themselves in different stages of their ride .
One in which there are franctic curves twist and turns , and the other in the calm and soothing final stage of their ride .

Older people have already experience what was like to be young and wild , to have fallen in love or have their heart 's been broken , while the young are those willing learners wanting to experience life at its fullest , simply because it is their time to wild , being allowed by their young bodies to do so .
Meanwhile older people have already experienced everything they could in their younger years for which they now have a time to reflect and realize that there is no hurry in life , that one as a youngster wish for everything to happen fast .
Which is why nature is wise in giving us that stage in life where we are able to reflect on our past mistakes and give us a final opportunity to mend them .
Therefore getting old is a way of saying that we have to mature , which wisely enough come hand in hand with our physical traits .

Both of these stages in life offer things which the other does n't , one wisdom which a life experience has taught you , and the other the inmense curiosity and uncertainty .
Therefore both of this stages in life have its charms , which appeal differently when being in a certain age .
Therefore while older people rejoice in the comforting feeling of having accomplished their goals , the young search for their own .

However the mere fact of beign old or young does not mean one can can or cannot have an active and wild spirit , being that some young people have what is popularly known as an old soul , being this a way to describe their mature attitute towards the world , whereas older people may still have this child like spirit .
A perfect example of this is my grandfather , who despite the fact of being 76 years old is a very active man , who still loves to play with his grandchildren and will continue to .

In conclsuion I do not belive that younger people enjoy life better than older people , it is simply that they are in two different stages in their life , which therefore means that they both have a different way of appreciating and embracing each and every life 's experience as it presents itself .
I strongly agree with the given statement .
From my point of view understanding ideas and concepts should be the top priority for students than learning facts .
There are many strong reasons that have influenced me in accepting this statement .
These reasons are presented in the subsequent paragraphs .

Firstly , its my firm belief that students should have a solid understanding of concepts and ideas .
This would build them up in such a way that they would be in a position to further research these ideas and present their points of view .
Research has also shown that students understand better when they have a firm grip over the fundamentals .

Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts would develop and hone their analytical ability .
The analytical ability is now a crucial factor in judging the intellect of an individual .

Thirdly , mere learning of facts with out understanding the concepts would encourage rote memorization .
This would hinder the development process of a child .
This would make him a mere data storage device .

Fourthly , when we learn from facts especially historical facts much depends on the authenticity of the information that has been provided .
It is quite possible that the information provided by archaelogists or historians might have been altered by the then existed governments .
Governments might alter the information provided by them , when they think that it would hurt the sentiments of people or cause a conflict among different socio-cultural groups .

Fifthly , I feel that in this Age of Technology mere learing of facts would not suffice .
The technological innovations demand an individual to have critical thinking ability , strong analytical skills and a firm grip over the basics of the subject .
Only when the basics are strong can a student understand the innovation and further research the idea .

I strongly feel that `` Only when the roots are strong can a Tree stand tall and firm . ''
These are the compelling reasons that have influenced me in stating that understanding ideas and concepts is far better than learning facts .
The number of cars in use has significantly increased during the past decades and it has been a controversial issue that this tendency will continue in the future as well .
Some people might claim that the number of cars in use will continue increasing possibly thanks to the increasing population in the world .
However , I think in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , for two reasons ; high gasoline prices and increasing interest in the enviornmental issues throughout the world .

Firstly , the price of gasoline has been fluctuated over the past years , partly due to the nature of the resource - limited and will eventually dry up - , and therefore it is easy to say that the price of gasoline will continue going up .
Also partly because of the tensions in the Southwestern Asia region , where the resource is mainly come from , due to the political conflicts and war , the supply of gasoline seems to have been unstable and this situation has affected the price of gasoline considerably .
For these reasons , the price of gasoline is very likely to be unstable , and eventually , continue rising ; it would be more and more difficult to use cars financially , which could lead to a fewer number of cars in use .

Secondly , as the large number of cars in use has considerable effects on the enviornment mainly by polluting the air , the increasing interest in the protection of enviornment might bring some restrictions or limitations on the number of cars in use .
For example , in Korea , although it is not legally restricted , it is encouraged not to drive at least once a week by the government program to make the air of Seoul cleaner .
Although it is only the recommendation by government , given that the many countries and NGOs have greater interest in the environment issues than they did before , it could be said that there would be some governments which start to make restrictions on the number of cars in use in the cities to protect their enviornments .

All things considered , although it cannot be predicted accurately , I think it can be said that the number of cars in use will be less in twenty years than it is now for two reasons such as following , 1 ) the price of gasoline will be unstable and eventually will rise too much to run a car and 1 ) the greater interest in the enviornmental issues may lead the government to impose restrictions on the number of cars in use in the future .
Glance through a piece of newspapers and you will in all likelikhood see news concerned with the future trends of such careers as accountants , lawyers , doctors , and so on .
There has long been a controversy about whether a person coped with broad knowledge will be superior to the one with only specialized knowledge in one academic aspect .
Actually , this is an issue regarding to the `` width '' and `` depth '' of knowledge acquired .
To me , however , I contend that it is the depth of the knowledge that prevail .
This argument can be ascribed to the following rationales .

To commence with , acquiring specialized knowledge can have a person comprehensively and deeply understand the academic subject specialized .
True , someone may claim that a person should receive general education to be comprehensive for knowledge .
However , imagine if a person acquire all breeds of knowledge in different aspects but without further deep understanding of them .
Do you think if he really understands the core knowledge of every aspects ?
In contrast , a person acquiring a specialized knowledge in his education can let him stand out among others .
And a specialized person can receive general knowledge through reading books and newspapers .

Second , from a career perspective , possessing specialized knowledge can serve as an entry barrier for the industry that requires the specific knowledge .
A vivid example of this is the accounting industry .
To successfully become an accountant or auditor , one must have possessed much expertise pertaining to accouting standards and rules .
How can a person who has much knowledge in the sense of width but without the depth compete for the job ?
So it is undeniably true that having specialized knowledge can render a person competent enough for his career .

Last but by no means least , viewed from a macroeconomic sense , having people specializing knowledge in various academic subjects can serve as a divison of labor of an economy .
When people in an economy posseess different kinds of expertise , comparative advantages are thus created and the economy can have a pool of talents on different aspects .
To further support this point , think of an extreme situation when an unprecedentedly new leathal disease is spread out in a country .
If everyone does have a knowledge broadly but witout depth , who can help tackling the problem which require strong knowledge in , for example , bio-chemistry ?

In recapitulation , a person possessing specialized knowledge can be benefical for both individuals and the society .
I , therefore , stand against the statement in the question .
Life is perceived differently by different kinds of people .
Similarly young people enjoy life more than elders do can be stated only by viewing perspecrtives of life partially .
What i mean to say is that i do not agree with the fact that young people enjoy more than the elders do completely .

In my opinion youth can be viewed as stage of physical stength and vigour and also as a stage of stress and responsibility .
In youth every day is a challenge and one cannot afford to while away the time they have .
Therefore it becomes more stressful for young people .
One has to attend their studies , fund their studies and at the same time earn for a living , compete with their fellow classmates for the first position .
Then comes a stage of choosing-choose a career that shall decide everything and choose a life partner with whom one has to spend the rest of their life .
Once satisfied about the stage of settlement , then comes the stage of feeling responsible for one 's children , their education , desires and their settlement .

Inspite of all these difficulties youth is an age of pleasure , vigour , adventures , friendship and love .
It is a blessed state , usually with constant good health that gives an oppurtunity to experiment and make the most of life .
I feel unfortunate are those who do not realise the importance of youth and neglect the age under the pressure of responsibility .

Old age to me in a stage of peace where one has to enoy the fruit of all the hardwork one has done during their lifetime .
Since elder people are often subjected to brunt of illhealth and illness they have to enjoy life to the maximum in the destined duration of old age that they have .

Therefore , I opine that one has to perceive life beautifull , all stages have their own importance and each stage should be enjoyed with an optimistic attitude .
Only then can one realise the importance of ouer birth .
There is an old saying , `` Do not judge a book by its cover '' .
It is true and applies to everything and everywhere in the world .
It is impossible to see what the content of the box is only by looking at a box unless a person has an uncanny ability to do so .
A woman with luxurious clothes eating in an expensive restaurant might not be rich because she might have borrowed the clothes from her friend for a day and somebody else was paying for her food .
Same as the advertisements .
Since the purpose of the advertisement is to sell products , it is inevitable to describle products better than they really are .

Every product is covered with some descriptions and pictures on it .
In most cases , the pictures are not exactly same as the real content .
For example , one day , I went to the store to buy something to eat .
Every food looked great to me since I was hungry , and the pictures on the covers looked really delicious .
I bought a bunch of instant food and tried one of them at home .
I put frozen pasta in a microwave , and when I took it out from the microwave to eat , I was greatly disappointed and frustrated .
Although the picture on its cover had big chunks of meats and creamy sauce on softly boiled noodles , the actual food looked totally different from the picuture .

From this example , it can be concluded that it is necessary for food companies or advertisement companies to make advertisement with exaggreational expression or pictures to sell them .
I bought the frozen pasta since its advertisement looked great .
If there were two kinds of frozen pasta with two different covers with the frozen pasta and the other one with deliciously cooked pasta , what would people prefer to buy ?
I disagree with the statement that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .
I believe that specializing and concentrating in a single specific subject is far more important for two reasons .

First , our life is limited .
We do n't have enough time to learn about every topics or subjects during our lifetime .
If we can live for five hundred years as turtle does , we can study and learn almost every accessible subjects that we need to know .
However , the real is not .
For example , if all students are educated in purpose of having broad knowledge without any indept specific knowledge about science , they might understand how machines operates but they can not fix in case the machines stop or are destroyed .
We do not want our children to have only shallow knoweldge in many subjects without their own specialties .

Second , I strongly believe that being equipped with specialized knowledge may result in inspiring people from using the specific knowledge and applying the knowledge to various other areas .
In my case , I have been very interested in collecting butter flies in every different kinds since I was five years .
This hobby made me read the related books and articles about insects as much as I could .
As I know about the insects more , I was more deeply inspired from their behaviosr .
As a result , I expanded my hobby to my major in college : biology .

In conclusion , I think focusing on a specific topic has a lot more advantages than being a only generalist .
Since our life span is limited and society is well diversified , we need more specialist than shallow generalist .
Also our culture and technology will be beneficial from the people who have profound , indepth knowledge on specific subject as the society 's environment become more complicated .
Usually , when we think about globalization and its consequences , we often focus on economics implication or technological ones .
One major change that this controversial process has brought - but that is too frequently omitted - concerned the way people are travelling .
As a matter of fact , since the internet has started to be available almost everywhere , a lot of destination that used to be unaccesible for the common traveller are now safe and cheaper .
This whole new environment led many travellers to quit the traditionnal way of travelling abroad - in a group with a tour guide - for a wilder type of trip : alone without anybody to guide you - no matter what your destination is .
As far as I am concerned , I truly think that this new wave in the travelling industry is a good thing since it is way more interesting and exciting than the oldfashioned one .

First , travelling alone give you more liberty to visit what really you are really interested in .
If you do not like art museums then you wo n't be obligated to spend hours of your limited amount of time in a specific city admiring the work of Picasso .
Travelling on your own allow you to make up your personal itineary according to your tastes and not on the tour guide ones .
In the same order of ideas , travelling in a group can imply a lot of other constraints that may make your trip less enjoyable .
For instance , you often have to be at a specific place really early in the morning so you do n't really have the `` right '' to sleep in the morning , go the bed late etc .

However , the main disadvantages of travelling in a group with a tour guide is that it does not give you the opportunity to fully `` live '' and understand the culture of the country you are visiting .
Usually , tour guides bring you to the touristic hot spots where everyone speak English , have a camera and is able to act in a western way .
Consequently , you do n't really experience the real way of living of the locals as you do not get the chance to share their everyday lives .
On the opposite , travelling on your own - either with your backpack or in a more luxious way - allow you to explore hidden place , to get in touch with ordinary people from the street and to take the time to learn about the other .

I could go on with many others reasons that support my idea that the best way to travel is NOT in a group led by a tour guide but ultimately , I think than choosing the way you want to travel is more a matter of personality , of budget and of interest .
There is bad way of travelling .
But there is certainly one that suit you better .
Advertisments are a major part in the process of selling a product .
When you ask people about what they think of telling the truth in any situation , usually , their reserve is about business and selling in particular .
They will tell you that what we call a white lie can be an advantageous procedure in order to convince more easily to buy and that if the seller was honest , they may not want the product .
In this essay , we will discuss this point in order to demonstrate the agreement to the statement .

First , we can envisage the fact of someone who bought a product , trusting a really encouraging advertisment .
After trying it , the deception is huge .
She realizes that what the advertisment was saying is totally untrue .
It happens all the time .
The thing is that now , all these entreprises propose the solution of taking the product back to the shop .
In this case , they lose money , so this is a big risk to envisage for the people who want to sell the product in a large number and gain money .
Perhaps they lose more money lying about the product because of the large number of people who could show deception .

However , most of the time , this situation of an advertisment making products looking much better than they really are helps the business and push people to try and be excited about something .

First , it helps selling the product because it does not envisage the disavantages of this one .
People just see the good points and do not envisage living without this fantastic element .

It also helps the research because people , bying this product , will test it and eventually , when they are happy or not , call and make comments about it .
It is always good to know that in order to move on and to do progress .
It is always good to hear the users .

In conclusion , this is true that advertisment almost always act this way and lie about there product .
It is a part of their job to convince and that is something that cannot happen if the advertisment envisage all the problems that the product can show .
In the business world , they need this `` making much better '' to success .
I strongly disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do , because of two reasons .
First , older people had already enjoyed their lives when they were young .
Second , older people can still enjoy their lives .

Before my grandfather died , couples of years ago .
He used to tell me about his life when he was young .
He used to tell me all his stories about ; his girlfriends , his adventures and his passion .
But , he cleared me something , he told me that he still enjoyed his life .
This is a clear example of how much older people enjoyed their lives and they are still enjoying it .
The time of enjoyment is like two or three times longer than what we , young people , have enjoyed .
Therefore , it all sumarizes that older people enjoy life more that young people do .

As mentioned before , older people are still enjoying their lives , some young people would say that , older people can not use the Internet or go to an amusement parks like them .
But , that is completely wrong .
I have a friend , whose grandmother plays computer games with him .
I could not believe it until I saw her playing with us .
My friends grandmother likes going to amusement parks too .
Last summer , we went to Wonderland together , it was simply amazing !
Here , we can see another example of older people enjoying their lives .
In my opinion , if older people are healthy enough and strong enough , they can do whatever they would like to do .

To sumarize everything up , I disagree with the statement and I think older people enjoy life more than younger people because older people already enjoyed their lives before and they keep on enjoying it .
In general i agree with the statement made , that there will be fewer cars in use , in twenty years than there are today ...
It is hard to imagine , that the amount of cars will be reduced , especially in the moment that a car is not only a way to travel but also a symbol of wealth and status .

But there are to many reasons which are against the fact , that this progress will continue much longer .
For example the prices for petrol : It 's the first time since a year , that the price for one litre petrol in germany is under 1 , 50euro .
If the prices for oil rise further ( due to the conflict in the middle east ) , the prices for petrol will rise automatically .
So , apart from the money you have to pay for taxes and the insurance for your car anyway , you also have to take in account the amount of money you spend on petrol every month .

I 'm doing my driver licence in the moment and i must honestly say that i 'm not really keane about it .
Of course it 's nice to have and very comfortable , but i live in berlin and the public transport is excellent-so why taking the car if i 'd be in town much quicker with the train or a bus ? !

Further , the prices for flights and trains have decreased enormously during the last few years .
Why should you take a car to get to another city , if you could probably even fly nearly as cheap if not cheaper ? !
With the car , you would probably take much longer due to traffic yam or bad streets , while you could book a cheap flight and get to your destination much more relaxed and comfortable .
Or the trains nowadays ...
I took a train the other day going from Berlin to Frankfurt and back in one day , for an interview .
All in all , it took me eight hours , which is still a long time but i was driving in on of those new ICEs .
I could have never made this trip in one day in a car .
While i was driving over 250km/h i could read my book , prepare my interview and just sleep without worring about anything other than getting out at the right stop .
And by the time i got back to Berlin i did n't even feel like i 've just been on a little germany-trip-i was relaxed and happy .

All those reasons mentioned above are only a small number of reasons why the number of cars will decrease during the next twenty years .
Our world is changing .
It 's becoming faster and faster and the car wo n't be able to keep up with the pace .
In future it will be to slow and far to expensive for everyone to have one and use it in his daily-life .
I agree that students should understand ideas and concepts than learning the facts alone .
With out understanding of an idea or concept , the application of a fact doesnt happen .
If you just learn the fact , you may memorise it but do not know where to exactly apply it .
Practical application requires understanding of a concept .
For example If a child simply learns the fact that `` Telling lies is bad '' with out understanding the importance associated with the statement , it may end up in dilemma in many situations .
On the other hand if the child is explained and given proper idea or concept of what happens when you tell lies , using real life simple examples , it may confidently avoid telling lies and adhere to habit of speaking truth .
Also you can take an instance of a student who memorised the whole theory but unable to demonstrate a practical technique because of lack of understanding of the concept .
So understanding the concept or idea is required to know its importance and to enable them to apply it in practical situations .

Furthermore , learning a fact is better if you understand it in a right way .
In other words , if you understand the concept or idea involved , learning a fact is simple .
It can be illustrated with an example of child learning Fractions in Mathematics .
If child simply memorises that 1/2 is greater than 1/4 , it may get confused while taking test .
But if you make the child understand the concept using a cookie by dividing one cookie into 4 parts and explaining that each part represents a fraction .
So the three parts are more than two which inturn is more than one part .
So child can understand that 1/3 is greater than 1/2 which is in turn more than 1/4 and be confident solving fractions on exam .

Also understanding a fact or concept promotes deeper understanding .
For eg a child who memorised the fact may not be able to answer if a question about a topic which he/she memorised is asked in a different way .
But one who knows it 's application or understood the concept answers without hesitation .
Learning only promotes short term memory , which is susceptible for getting lost .
But the ideas and concepts we understand enter the longterm memory and henceforth sustain forever .
Moreover while doing things , the concept of which is understood , we can act spontaneously .

In short developing concept or understanding ideas about things will make learning more easy , permanent and logical .
Henceforth students should develop understanding of a fact before learning them .
In this modern era of drastic changes of sceince and technology , young people play a predominant role .
They really assimulate all their potential in interpreting their skills in different areas and strive hard in attaning their desired results .
This young generation does not hinder any issues they have taken up and it shows their dedication and commitment in their work .

Nowadays , people are often engaged to their buzy schedules in making their future or in jobs and are less evident to their resposibility towards to communities they live in .
Buzy schedules may not be the prime cause of negligence but their are some more important issues to be considered like their might not be a Truthful leader who can make them realise of their resposibilities towards the society .

Young people are the essence of a country 's development .
They are the future citizens who act as a role model for futher generations to come when they are perfectly on a right path by the elders .
This can make them more responsible towards their duties .
One of the best examples like , last month a train accident occured in Banglore , India ..
as it was in the early hours thre was not any major helpline available but a bunch of boys who were Engineers have taken the resposibility not only to call for the helpline but also taking up the necessary first ais measures available in the train .

Another example , when the Katrina has hit the USA , basket ball teenagers organised a charity match between their fellow competitors and managed to gather about thirty thousand dollars for the victims .
They have recieved many applauds for their tremondous work for the humanity .

Also young people of diiferent countries have taken up the responsibility of joining the relief camps and to help the victims .
These dynamic people are really paying alot in terms of their service to the humanity .

Finally , young players nowadays are definetly working hard not only for themselves but also for the community inturn to the country .
All they need is some kind of encouragement in carrying out their duties towards the community .
Not all that glitters is gold .
A very general statement yet very true .
A statement that should be hung in every company 's marketing and advertising departments , because I think that most of the dvertisments polish up their products .

Evidence to that are the policies that some companies in the United states have concerning the `` refundable , no question asked '' policy .
For example , the famous department store found all across the U.S called Target operates under this policy , giving its customers a three month time span for returning and getting a refund for a purchased product .
Had the product been fairly advertised consumers would be returning less products as they would only purchase a product that they are sure of .

I once watched a five minute advertisment on one of the advertising channels concering a certain product for the complexion .
In the commercial they showed several before and after pictures of people who claimed to have used this product .
It was very clear to me , as it would have been to any computer user , that so much of the picres shown of the after had been altered on the computer .
With the new advancemnets of technology and high developments in the computer manufacture industries something like that can be easily done .
The product was over estimated in price and quality .
I can say that with confidence , for my friend fell for the smell of fake roses and bought the product , the next day she satyed home because she had a horrible rash all over her face .

So it is not surprising that I strongly agree the fact that most advertisments are over done and do not reflect the true value of the product .
As I said earlier , the advertising and marketing departments should be more truthful .
Learning is an ability given to mankind .
People can learn everything that they interested in .
However , in many cases , understanding becomes the most important part of the learning process .
For instance , students in their lectures can get many things , yet , in my opinion , they should first understand the ideas and the concepts in order to learn the facts .
There are many reasons to support the importance of understanding ideas and concepts .

Firstly , students should understand the ideas and concepts clearly because they will need them during their life time and also they will need them in the real life when they face up a problem .
For instance , I remember my law classes in the university .
My professor told about the rights of criminals .
I learned that nobody can be judged until it is prooved that he or she is not innocent .
When my family tries to judge me without listening to my reasons I put forward this example and they try to understand me .

Secondly , I believe in the ideas and the concepts .
The ideas are very crucial to me that I would evaluate them .
In other words , the ideas are very important to me to set my point of view in my life .
For instance , I belive that ideas composes our world .
Beginnig from the ancient times ideas and concepts make our World survive .
For example , the ideas of Aristotales and Pluto , I sometimes consider that how they are skilled with the reproducing the thinking .
As a result , the World had gained different points of views .

Thirdly and lastly , I belive that without understanding the idea , the source , behind , one can not get the fact .
Firstly , we should understand what is it , what is the concept and what is the idea behind it .
In short , what is it that leads us to the fact is important .
I remember that my grandmother always reacted to events without understanding them clearly .
She was an excited person and unfortunatelly she can not able to reach the real fact because of her misunderstood of ideas and concepts .
Furthermore , this leads her to have trouble with communication with others .

Overall , ideas and concepts are forming our lives and the World as well .
That is why I belive that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
In conclusion , the facts can not become real witout ideas and concepts .
In my view , successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Being successful means standing out of the crowd , which also means doing something different than most of the people .
Many of us like to keep doing something the same way they always have , for example a doctor always gives the same medication because it works and it has been proven safe for the patient .
In contrast a successful doctor might try a new combination of medications to treat a patient .
There 's the risk that this new combination simply does n't work , or worse , that it makes complications and therefore puts a life at risk .
But it could also cure the patient , which the old medication would n't have .
And the doctor would be successful .
There are numerous examples like that in medicine .

Another example is an example of early history .
First people were hunting and collecting food such as plants , then someone must have had the idea to try and cultivate the plants as well and to have domestic animals .
Maby they had problems first , but it worked .
Population size increased because of the better food supplies and people did n't have to move around like they had to , when looking for new hunting grounds .
People who tried that first successfully had an advantage over the hunting people , who were dependent on a good hunt .

Another example are inventions like trains .
Of course , technical improvements were a key factor .
People already had means of transportation like horses , but some people wanted to try something new in order to reach another place in a faster way .
So they invented the train .
At the start most people were afraid , they belived that the great velocity would make them ill .
But after a while they got used to it and trains and those who built them got successful .
Could you imagine our world without trains ?
I ca n't and I 'm happy that some people like to try new things and take risks , otherwise our world would stand still .

In conclusion these examples show that taking risk is a major point of being successful , without taking risks and trying new things everyone would be mediocre and no progression would be made whatsoever .
This statement seems to be true at a first glance .
But having a closer look on this topic one should differentiate more precisely .
First of all these type of statements cannot be generalized .
Thus it should at least be mentioned that we can only speek of majorities .
Second one should be aware that an answer to the question whether or not young people enjoy life more than elder is highly subjective .

From my experiance I would even oppose .
Admittedly younger people in most cases bring along a higher level of physical fitness .
Thus they have a broader variety of entertainment opportunities .
In turn this opportuny might raise the confidence of young people .

But what really matters is time ( actually my opinion ) .
As I define young people to be something around 20 and older people to be retired , I think elder have signifacantly more time than young people have .
This degree of freedom ( in the sense of time ) allows for much more activities .
While for instance students have to learn and work hard to fund their studies retired persons might meet with friends , travel around , go out and drinks some , visit operas , go shopping or whatoever .
This lack of time is a crutial thing that counts against a superior fun-level of young people .

Secontly I think young people are exposed to more stress .
Old people do not have to make decisions like `` Should I join this or that university ? '' or `` Should I apply for this internship ( respectively job ) ? ''
.
This type of decisions - someone in the beginning twenties have to make - cause an inherent stress situation , which again lowers life quality .

Thus I conclude from my personal experiance that this relationsship does not hold .
I think it is actually the other way round .

Again , one should not neglect that this answer is highly subject to the definition of young and old and must not be true for each individual .
A broad knowledge of many academic subjects would provide breadth of knowledge .
As against this , specialization in one specific subject would provide depth of knowledge .
In my opinion , a person should obtain a broad knowledge of many academic subjects while pursuing undergraduate studies and must specialize in one specific subject while pursuing post graduate studies .

Undergraduate studies are generally undertaken by students in the formative years of their life .
If at this crucial juncture , a student is not given an opportunity to explore a variety of areas , his learning process may be stinted .
If a student is encouraged to study many academic subjects , he will be able to decide his area of interest .
Further , he will understand the interdependence and interrelatedness of different academic subjects .
Pursuing many academic subjects would help the student to obtain a functional knowledge in all the subjects he studies .
Such a strategy would prove to be useful as the student will have flexibility of choice , when it comes to choosing his subject of specialisation .
For example if a student is pursuing graduation in finance , by studying banking , corporate finance and equity research , he will get a functional knowledge of all the areas in finance .
He may choose courses in banking or equity research while pursuing his post graduate studies .

Post graduate studies are undertaken by students who have completed their graduate courses .
Post graduate studies equip a student with specific skills that the student will need , when he seeks employment .
A person cannot be `` A jack of all trades , but a master of none '' .
Hence it is advisable for a student to choose one specific subject of his liking and specialize in it .
This would help him acquire expertise and mastery over one specific subject .
If a student were to study only one course in his undergraduate studies , say for example corporate finance , he may not be able to understand the effect of banking on corporate finance .
On the contrary , if the student has dwelved in corporate finance and banking in his undergraduate studies , he will be able to correlate the impact that banking has on corporate finance .

Thus , in my opinion , a person should follow an approach , whereby broad knowledge of many academic subjects is obtained in undergraduate studies and expert knowledge in one specific subject is obtained in post graduate studies .
In general I agree with this statement .
The task of education is to learn general skills , concepts and cultural abilities that can be useful in different situations .
If the students are fed up only with facts and particular informations they are not likely to develop the ability to collect , use and elaborate these informations .

We may use two kinds of examples to shed a light on this question .
Firstly , let us use this comparison .
If the mind is like a computer , we can say that the concepts are like the software and that the facts are like the informations processed by the software .
Without the software the brute informations have no meaning and are useless , but , nevertheless , without the informations the software is empty .
Then , concepts and facts are necessary to each other .

Secondly , we may analyse the case of history .
There is a great historiographical debate between those who conceive the history as made of singular facts and those who see the history as made of great movements .
But leaving aside this problem , we can say that the general historical concepts , such as modernization , industrial revolution , etc. , help the historian in the collection and interpretation of the facts .
Without a general idea that gives the direction , the historian would not be able to make his research and give a meaning to the facts he collects .
Furthermore , general historical concepts are very useful for the students .
Without learning basic historical movements and periods , a student cannot remember so many historical facts .
Concepts help the memory and the understanding of things .

As a general conclusion , we may say that , if the facts give the specifical informations on a topic , the concepts provide the general understanding .
Probably , the concepts stem from an operation of synthesis of different facts under a unique point of view , but when a concept is understood , it can be used as a tool in different situations .

Finally , it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts , because the task of education is the development of general skills .
If this is not learned the student will not be able to work on the facts and will be like an database full of information and unable to use them .
Some people believe that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guid .
However , in my opinion , traveling alone is a better idea .
Because I can manage my time by myself and save money .

First , I do not want to be controlled my traveling schdule by other people .
By traveling alone , I can make my own time schedule for my plan .
For example , last year , I went to Paris in a group led by a tour guide .
First time , I thought it was the best choice for me because I did n't need to book tickets , check the time and look for locations by a map .
But after a few days .
I realized that I was not the person who just like to follow other people and schedule led by a tour guide .
I really wanted to see paintings more in Ruvere museum , since there were my favorite master piece such as Monarisa .
But a tour guide did n't want to spent much time at there .
She guided the master peice and gave me only 10 minute .
I was so upset and embrassed , as I always eagered to see the work .
After the travel , I decided not to go traveling in a group led by a tour guide .

In addition , traveling in a group led by a tour guide is more expensive that traveiling alone .
I compared two cases by a calculate and found that traveling alone is a cheaper choice .
I traveled around Spain two months ago by myself , then made a chart of spending money .
I figured out that by traveling alone I could save more than three hundreds dollars compare to traveling in a group led by a tour guide with the same situation such as traveling same days and visiting same places .
If I travel with them , I have to pay for a tour guide and the travel agency .

In conclusion , I firmly believe that traveling in a group led by a tour guide is not the best idea .
If I have a chance to choose traveling in a group or not , I will choose the last one .
As I can controll my plan and my habits and save money .
Young people enjoy life more than the older genaration .
In this advanced world , the level or the bench mark for enjoyment is totally changed .
In the present day scenario there is more scope for the young blood to have fun and enjoy the liberties which perhaps his or her grand mother or grand father might not have enjoyed .

The improved technology has lead to creativity and immense development of bravery and courage in people who now try to exploit the minute things which , may be a genaration ago , people might not have dreamt either .
May be people were curious about the same , but they were not that courageous as this generation , taking nothing away from the reputation and developments the older generation have set up for the new generation though .

Taking few instances , for that matter the pubs and discos which this generation experience .
The older generation may not go to the modern day pubs and discos though they would be itching to get inside , but there are no limitations for the young blood .
If you find a grand mother or grand father in the pub or a disco , people look at them weirdly and expect an explanation as to why he or she is in a disco or a pub instead of going to a Church or a temple and spending their time in holy places .
Perhaps this is one way of enjoyment for the young people .

The older genration would n't have ever thought of spending hours of time on telephones chatting and gossipping like this genration people do .
The girls and the boys chat to their beloved on phones for hours together unlike the past wherein phone was not invented , and after its invention was used only as a meare source of communication .
The internet is used by kids to do their assignments these days by surfing various things and gaining knowledge .
Where is the scope of the older generation people for such facilities in their time .

The old generation infact helped the young blood to experience all such advantages and utilities .
They were the ones who sweated days and nights and underwent many brain storming queries and set up all solutions and comforts for this generation to enjoy their lifes in the way they are .
So i conclude stating that the older genration experienced all the hardships and this generation is enjoying all the fruits of the seeds planted by their older generation .
In this way younger people enjoy life comparitively more than the older people .
Gone is the age of closely-knitted society .
It is often suggested that nowadays , young people are less devoted to community sevice in terms of time .
In this essay , this statement will be examined in reasonably great depth .

For the purpose of effective analysis , clarification of the definition is needed .
What is the meaning of ` helping ' ?
In common sense , it means voluntary , unpaid , physical asistance such as taking care of the old people , cleaning public space and working for the underprivileged .
However , here , a broader definition is propsed .

The ` helping ' component also includes indirect assistance such as donation and political participation .
Also , what is ` enough ' ?
I propose that ` enough ' should be assessed with reference to the needs of the society .
Being members of society , young people are the most able and there the most willing group of potential helpers so whether the time devoted is enough should be judged on the basis of whether the help has met the needs of the society .

To begin with the ` common sense ' level , young people may really have given less time .
In modern societies , the overwhelming majority of young people tend to devote most of their spare time to personal entertainment such as TV games , pub gathering , disco nights etc ..
Although more time of entertainment is the natural and actually desirable result of the advancement of mankind , we cannot forget that to ensure the proper functioning of the society , young people also have the duty to help .
They benefit from the society so they should also benefit the society in return .
Therefore , the statement is true at common sense level .

However , the adoption of a broader definition of ` helping ' may lead to different result .
The increase in general education level undoubtedly has provided the young people with the necessary ability and awareness to participate in the liberal democratic system .
The young people can indirectly help the deprived by participating in social politics , by fighting for better social welfare , by lobbying the government for more resoruces and by acting as a bridge between the decision-makers and the people targeted by the policy .
Also , due to the high education level , many of the young people normally have a reasonably good income .
Obviously they can help the community in the form of regular and generous donation .
In wider context , they can act as the backbone of the economy and thereby generate enough economic resoruces for the social justice system .
They are just some of the ways in which the modern young people can help the society .

As to whether the current commitment of the young peole has satisfied the needs of the society , the answer is more uncertain .
Human wants are unlimited and the ones who need the help of young people are no exceptions .
Nevertheless , for pragmatic purpose , a reasonable line can still be drawn .
The current social justice system proves to be reasonably ` enough ' since it can provide most people with basic life-supporting stuffs such as food and shelter .
However , the answer to the question depends on the future performance of the social justice system which will be supported by the young people .

All in all , the validity of the statemnt is limited but we cano
I agree with the statement that successful people try innovative methods / things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I would like to explain the reasons for my agreement with the statement with the help of a few examples .

I believe that most successful people have proved to the world and to themself that they are capable individuals .
Therefore , only if they do some thing different and innovative , it would give them pleasure .
As per Mr. A. Maslow 's motivation theory , these individuals have reached the final motivation stage of `` Self-Acculization '' , hence only self-pride motivate them .

I would like to give the example of Mr. Sunil Mittal ( Chairman of Bharti Telecommunications ) and Mr. Anil Ambani ( Chairman of Anil Dhirubhia Ambani Group ) .

Mr. Mittal is the chairman of one of India 's largest mobile tele-communication companies , which controls almost 30 % market share in the GSM network in India .
Recently , Mr. Mittal has announced a plan to setup a `` organized retail venture '' in partnership with Walmart .
Retail and Tele-communications are very diverse sectors , but Mr. Mittal is keen to enter into the organized retail space in India for marketing consumer products .
This shows that a person who owns and operates one of the largest companies in India is ready to explore unchartered territory to take on a new challenge .

Mr. Anil Ambani is the chairman of one of the most reputed groups in India .
Officially , he is ranked among the richest men ( top five ) in India .
He has started an organization of acquiring secured debts / loans of distressed companies In India .
He plans to turnaround make profits by acquiring the liabilities of these companies at nominal value and then by selling the companies to strategic players operating in the same industry as the distressed player .
This business line is completely different from what the group already does .

Therefore , I strongly believe that successful people try new things and take on risks rather than do what they are already good at .
This question is a very important one , since it refers to the entire education system , and how , in our society , people have decided the way things should be teached to others .
In this essay , we will discuss the importance of understanding ideas and concepts , and learning facts , and try to determine if one of these can be considered as prevalent , regarding the other .

Learning facts is , to me , the very basis of education , because it allows people to know what happened before them , what important people lived , and may have changed the world by discovering things , writing books , being an artist .
It is very important to know these kind of informations , to be able to consider the world outside yourself , and the things directly surrounding you .
Plus it is useful in your everyday life , to understand what people are talking about , to be able to discuss with people about various subjects , to simply socialize , and live in harmony with others .

Interracting with people does not only require knowing a lot of facts , but it also demands reflection , understanding of what you have learned .
And yes , understanding ideas and concepts is also very important , because facts alone are not very useful , if you do n't try to dig deeper , to think about what you 've learned .
Philosophy is a great exemple of a domain that absolutely needs both : you need to learn lots of things about the philosophers , about there time , what they have said and thought , and then you need to understand all those informations , to theorize them , in order to think by yourself , and create your own opinion , based ( but not necessaraly the same ) on what you have learned and understand .

To conclude this essay , I must write that I do n't agree with this statement , I think that both understanding ideas and concepts , and learning facts , are the key to a complete education .
Indeed , I think that one is n't very useful without the other .
I agree with the statement .
One reason is that in commercials , people may be fooled by sound effects or colors that have nothing to do with the product .
For example , when advertising action figures or dolls , the commercial may include voices so that it seems as though the doll is talking to you , even though the doll does not talk .

Another reason I agree with the statement is the ad may just completely lie to you .
Such as in tobacco ads , although the company knows that smoking makes you less attractive , they use beautiful people in their advertisements .
If these people in the ads actually did smoke , they would not be so beautiful .
Example number two is when people say that the price of something is cheaper than a similar product , but truly , it is more expensive because it says tiny at the bottom , `` two payments '' .

The third reason I believe most advertisements make products seem better than they actually are is they use people that have not even tried the product just saying that they have .
A very realistic example is dieting product commercials .
Extremely thin people that have never heard of the product sit in front of the camera lying to the public that they got thin just by using the product and nothing else .

Last but not least , ads say that `` this is a limited time offer '' and a year later , you find out that it is still on the market , cheaper .
Actually , this is a real experience .
One day I was watching TV and I saw a commercial selling a product and saying , `` this product will only be sold for this week only ! ''
.
So , I bought it at a price of $ 29.99 .
The next year , I was out shopping with my friends , and I saw the exact same thing at Wal-mart for $ 19.99 .

So , I strongly agree that many products are advertised much better than they really are .
Companies need to make products that actually work well just the way they are advertised .
That way all customers will be happy with their product , and possibly buy more from that company , so both the business and the buyer will be satisfied .
In my opinion success has nothing to do with trying new things or taking risks .
What is success ?
It 's when a person is doing his best relatively to her or his potential .
Maybe it is not something new it is something what he or she always has done .

Another thing is the learning-effect and beeing successful in that case .
There I agree that you are more successful in the event of learning when you try doing new things .

For example a young guy between his twenty 's , doing always the same thing , let 's say , working as a printer .
It would n't be successful when he would continue his whole life in doing this work in beeing in the same position and the same company forever .
A successful person would try to go further .
Change companies , learn from the best in the field , go to school , trying to take a job in the adminstration .
Maybe he will fail once or twice .
But on the end , he will be successful , because he can look back and say : I have tried new things and I have done my best .

Another way of beeing successful is by taking risks .
It 's usually a small way between beeing risky and beeing stupid .
Most people know they are stupid after beeing risky .
As an example let 's take a gambler which put his whole safings on one number in the roulette .
The number turns , the ball jumpes and takes place in another number than the gambler wished to .
That 's stupid we would say .
But if it had been his favourite number , than he would be immediately successful .
Therefore , in my opinion , to be risky does n't mean you are successful .

We probably can say that the more risk we take , the bigger is the success , but also the bigger we can fail .
Important is not be in a steady positon , where no success ever will occur .
If this question has been asked approximately 30 years ago , probably the answer would be specialisation .
Nevertheless the world system has being sharply changing after the technological enhancements ; so , the kind of having information .
Now , I believe that , having a wider academic information is more valuable that just concentrating on one , because of globalisation , optimisation .

The first reason I believe in this manner is , the wide spreading concept of being a '' global '' person .
After the enhancements of the communications technologies all over the world , owning information had become so important .
That is why every individual company tried to have as much knowledge as it can .
As a result of this everyone has begun to have at least some information about every issue .
If you are so stubborn not to join this trend you may not be a social individual in todays life .
Thus , instead of specialising for a subject , having a framework for several kinds subjects is a more valid in todays world .

Apart from this social point of view , broad knowledge of information is extremely significant for optimisation of ongoing jobs .
Since all of the tasks takin place in our world has several varialbles in it ; altering the way the work goes on .
For a better optimisation - even for approximation - you have to have knowledge from variety of branches .
The paragon is industrial enginners .
This enginner type is not concentrating on a specific kind of engineerin , even those people get courses from managemant and economics as their core studies .
As a consequence of this , they have the opportunity of having a wider perspective for optimisation on going works .

Besides , having broad knowledge of several academic subjects may yield to unexpected outcomes such as deficiency of required knowledge or overexagiration of the known infomation .
This insufficient information , may lead to false results for a work .
For instance , if you really want to work for an enhancement of product , or a new innovation , you may come to a mistaken product , which in return may mean , waste of money and a lot of time .
Overexagiration of knowledge unconciously may also lead to same conclusion .

To sum up as I consider all of these three results , I come to a conclusion that haing a wider academic information accumulation is better compared to specialisation on a topic .
However , people should be aware of the danger of overexagiration and deficiency of knowledge .
I partially agree with the statement , Learning is a process that has different layers and dimensions depending on subject and personal style .
Considering with the different areas of learning in social sciences or mathematical sciences ; the lecturer should choose proper ways to inform the students .

For example ; if you study politicaly history on chronological base ; you will surely choose to learn facts first like who are the parts and what are the outcomes of this fact in order to get into the inner layers of the political situation .
After the facts ; for giving proper meaning to that certain political events ; than you will get learn the concepts and ideas which is necessary for giving academic meanings to seperate subjects .

However ; if you study positive sciences like chemistry or phisics ; the priority can be changed and the learning direction will be moved to concepts and ideas first .
The science is composing of replayed and recycling experiments that does not include the coincidences .
For exampIe if you exprementig the in the biology lab , before starting the experiment , you shuld have to know what happens before and after the experimental process in order to get organized all the stages and get proper outcomes .

In addition , I think it depends on the subject whether to choose which proper method for student and therefore lecturer .
Different subjects may requies different methods for proper learning .
You should even choose combine method of giving the facts and concepts simoultanously .
also personel style for learning may effect this process as well .
Nowadays most of the people could n't do without their car .
There is no doubt that the grade of dependance upon the car varies considerably depending on the culture and the country we are focusing on .
For example , in the american way of life a car is simply essential , while the citicens of Amsterdam , for instance , make a greater use of bicicles than cars .
However , we desperatly depend on something that must have and end and whose end is unlikely very close : oil .

Therefore , everybody would agree in the fact that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Perhaps twenty years is n't a long time but I 'm sure that we are at a turning point .
In my opinion there have already ben made incredible improvements that would have helped us to move towards ecological cars .
However , i 'm certain that at this point it has n't been interesting economically speaking puting them in the market .
More than once have we heard in the news that an engineer has finally discovered how to build a car that works with hidrogen or other organic materials .
However , just as happens with the powerful industry of medicaments , sometimes an improvement is ironically not benefitial .

I probably sound tremendously skeptical but I must say that I 'm hopeful that someday not in a long time somebody will make a car that does n't pollute and depends on a renovable good .
That would definately cause an increase in that car 's demand , what would mean a dicrease in the use of the traditional car .
Anyway , even if my best wishes do n't come true , I would still believe that in twenty years time a decrese in the use of the traditional car will occur in the developed countries .

To ilustrate my point I will take China as an example .
The population in China is huge and , while most of Europe and North America has already experiences a crazy developing period that has lead them to industrialisation and our actual welfare , China and many other asiatic countries are now at that point .
And , unlikely , we can not demand en ecological consciousness from them , when we ourselves have had non of it .
And if all the chinese buy a car ...
Do young people enjoy life more than older people do ?
Personally , I do n't think so , even if it 's quite difficult to know how much one enjoys life .

I do n't see specific reasons why young people would enjoy life more .
One could argue that their physical abilities are at their maximum , but in our modern societies , older people do n't necessarily suffer from health problems , and physical abilities are not the only sources of happiness .

I think some people enjoyed life more while being young , and others prefer life ` now ' , that is , while being older .
An idea widely spread is that being twenty years old is the best time in life , but the famous French writer Paul Nizan said he would never allow anyone to say such a thing .
This shows that it really depends on people .

Furthermore , it is not because one would like to be younger that he enjoyed life more at that time .
This can be explained by the fact that he would like to be younger , but also to know what he knows now .
Alas , if young people knew , if older people could !

The kind of enjoyment is simply different , depending on the age of people .
Maybe young people enjoy it more obviously , or , may I say , noisily : they want to make this known .
But people get - generally - wiser as time goes by , can enjoy other aspects of life , and are not concerned anymore by problems that , now they know it , are minor .

To conclude , I would say that this general statement - young people enjoy life more than older people do - is untrue .
This depends mainly on people , and the wise man can enjoy differently each period of his life .
I do agree with the statement that young people do not spare enough time helping communities .
Todays young generation is the `` busy generation '' , the generation which does not think 24 hours in a day is sufficient .
But the truth is not that there is a shortage of time but that there is absolutely lack of time management .
People just dont plan their time which leads to a disorganised schedule and the end result is that they dont get their priorities right .
As a result they tend to focus more on meeting `` their '' needs and are not bothered about giving something back to the community we come from .

The phrase `` community service '' is rarely heard these days .
Well , who then is to blame for such a sorry state ?
All of us .
Community service starts at home .
Helping the elderly at home or planting trees in the neighbourhood also constitutes community service .
The schools , the children study in , the colleges teens go to , the offices people work in are all equally responsible .
It is in these places that the seeds of community service should first be planted .
The consiousness to help the society we come from should gradually dawn in .
Commuity service can take many forms .
For example , the school children could be made to collect old clothes and food items and donate it to an orphange .
A company could take the initiative in mantaining a park or a colony clean .
Students in colleges should start groups or join an existing group and teach the underprivileged children in the adjacent localities .
Funds could be raised by way of organising cultural programmes or entertainment shows and the money collected be distributed to charities .

And if there is any time when community service matter most , it is in times of severe strife , esp natural disaster such a floods , hurricanes , earthquakes , etc .
After all what happens to a person today may happen to us tomorrow .
We should , therefore give what we expect to recieve .
And a very important step in this direction would be to start managing the time at our disposal judiciously and devote some time
To be honest , I disagree with the given statement , which suggets that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide , for many reasons .
In my opinion , if you travel accompanied by a guide and a group , you will not be totally free of any movement .
I mean , usually , this kind of organized travel plans the trip from the beginning to the end and you have no other choice than to follow it .
When I am travelling , I prefer to remain able to decide where I want to go and what I want to see .
The guided tour will obviously take me to the most touristic points in the country I am visiting , but usually , those places are not the most interesting , judging by the differents trips I had the chance to do .
It is not rare while visiting a city or a country to find surprising places , mainly ignored by the tourists but many time more attractive and pleasant than the well-known sights .

When I decide to leave my daily routine to enjoy the pleasures of a trip abroad , it is always to go somewhere I can be alone .
I live in Geneva , Switzerland , in Downtown , so I am used to live surrounded by a lot of people .
So for me , travelling means going as far away as I can go from that , and doing it with a group does not exactly help to find this tranquility .
I do not talk about leaving with a friend or a few people , even though I have never travelled with more than one person , but it is still a huge difference compared to travelling with a bunch of people you mostly do not know .

Another point which makes me disagree with the statement is that I absolutely hate the guided tours .
Do not get me wrong , it is not that I do not like the cultural aspect which can lead me to learn a lot of interesting things , but I find utterly boring to listen to someone who repeated his speech so many times he does not take any pleasure to do it anymore .
I prefer get the cultural information from a travel book or from a local citizen , who often love to proudly talk about the history of his country .
You cannot even stop some once they started , but at least they do it led by their heart .

To sum up , I could say I do not have any interest by going in vacation with a group and a guide .
Some people believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts , while others believe that it is more important for students to learn facts .
I maintain the opinion that both the ability to understand ideas and concepts and the ability to learn facts are equally important in the study of a student .

The ability to understand ideas and concepts and the ability to learn facts are mutually benificial .
On the one hand , understanding ideas and concepts will help students to learn facts faster and better .
For example , if a student of psychology understands the concept of behavior modification , he/she will be able to learn the facts that associate with how a elimentary school child behaves in class and how this child changes his/her behaviors better and faster .
Also , it is unlikely that this psychology student will forget these facts once he/she understands this concept .
On the other hand , learning facts will provide students with evidences that support their understanding of ideas and concepts .
In other words , ideas and concepts will be supported by the facts that students learn .
For instance , a student of history will be more likely to understand the concept of Westward Movement when he/she remembers that conflicts between the white settlers and Indians , the spread of America 's land , and the social , political , and economic changes during that particular time period of history .

The ability to understand ideas and concepts and the ability to learn facts are mutually dependent .
A good student needs to both understand ideas and concepts and learn facts .
A student who can only understand ideas and concept without learning the facts will find the ideas and concepts dry and boring without being able to explain events in the real world .
The process of learning will thus become mechanical recitation of theories without knowing how they work in practical applications .
A student who can only learn facts will find himself/herself lost in the plethora of facts without being able to make sense of the apparently unrelated facts .
The process of learning will in turn become isolated parts that do not form a illstrative whole .
Thus , any student who can only master one ability among the two will find himself/herself crippled in his/her studies , and it is unlikely that he/she will do well in hes/her studies in the academic area .
In history , any great scientific and academic advancement is built upon the premises of both theoretical ideas and concepts and facts based on practical application of theories , and the successful combination of both results in so many instances of intellectual progress in history .
Without either one of these two abilities , the world we live in and our perception of the world will be very limited .

To sum up , it is equally important for students to understand ideas and concepts and to learn facts .
A mastery of both abilities will enable students to witness greater achievements in their studies .
Knowledge is made of two basic components : the facts , that we can describe as the empirical evidence that our senses , or machines , provide us about reality ; and the ability we have to extract actual information out of this unordered data , which we may refer to as `` ideas '' or better , as interpretations .
Any useful knowledge stock must be made of this two components strongly integrated .

But even if both of the components are foundamental , they have n't the same level of usufullness : while facts can be looked up in books or any other reliable source , a strong conceptual foundation on a subject , which allows for rapid and effective extraction of information , cannot be built overnight .

Specifically in technic and scientific subjects , it 's utterly stupid to try to learn by memory the huge amount of formulas , numbers , rules of thumb necessary for example in engineering .
It is far better to build up the technic and practical skills required in such a field and then go back to the details whenever they are needed , and if possible memorize them over time and exercise , so that they will be stuck in our memory for years once mastered , instead that for days or weeks .

Our memory can be easily paralleled with an archive : an empty archive with a rational structure and the right labels already in place can be filled in no time , an archive which is full of paper but where organizational mayhem reigns , is going to be almost useless , or require an excessive effort to get anything valuable out of it .

Thus students should value carefully every side of the subjects they 're studing , but put a stronger effort on building a conceptual foundation that will allow them to effectively exploit what they have learned trough the years : they should nonetheless be very careful to `` fill the archive '' to have something to exploit in future years !
I think young people do n't give so much time for communities as ages ago , but they still give enough time to helping their communities .
Nowadays the communities have lost a lot of their importance .
Years ago , communities were much more important , because a person spent the whole or nearly the whole life in the same community .
Today , in a globalized world , one lives for some years in one community and for some years in another community .
People change much more their place of living and they are not so dependent on communities as in earlier ages .
For this reason people , especially young people , do n't identify themselves so much with one community and because of that they are also not interested in spending a lot of time for a community .
Another reason is , that young people do n't have so much time as in earlier ages .
Especially school and university became much harder .
Because of that , young people have to spend much more time studying and do n't have a lot of time for their communities .
Also at work , young people are more and more under pressure and have to work more .
They also have to improve their skills and therefore have to go to an evening school or something similar .

Nevertheless , it 's not the case that people do n't spend time to helping their communities .
In my opinion they do it in a more indirect way .
They support organisations as `` WWF '' or `` Amnesty International '' which do n't work in a particular community ; they work global .
But their work contributes to the whole world and also to the communities .
It 's important that somebody cares about the environement and happenings in the world , which in fact influences all of us , also the local communities .

Because of the above mentioned points I think that young people give enough time to their communities , even if it is in an indirect way .
There is this theory that it is more importante for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , I desagree .

I believe a student should both learn facts and understand ideas and concepts , because good education must be based on both rather than focussing on one or the other .

For instance , a student must understand the concept of democracy in order to study history , but he also must learn some relevant events in history to fully understand the meaning of the concept democracy .

I believe the learning of facts is not contrary to the understanding of ideas and concepts , in the long run , you may forget a lot of the facts you were thought , but at some point they were absolutelly necessary to understand the underlying concepts and ideas .

Throughout ones life we forget and learn facts as we continue in the process of understanding new concepts and ideas .

An education based solely on facts will produce students who are unable to conect those facts and produce original ideas and opinions , while an education based exclusivelly on understanding will make for adults not fit to interact in a cultivated enviroment .

The basic approach to education has changed significantly in the last 50 years , our parents were thought rough facts , they were forced to memorize endless ammount of information to be repeated over and over again , while younger generations were brought up under the impresion that memorizing facts is useless , in my opinion , neither is desirable , nor the student who is full of facts but lacks in analisys , nor the student who doesnt know the names or the most important capitals of the world or the basic facts in its countrys history .

I also believe education should be balance because students will be likely to study in diferent institutions throughout their lives and a well rounded education allows them to better adapt to the different teachig methodologies and approaches to education that each particular institution has .
Sucess is an equivalent of taking risks .
Trying new things are an equivalent of being brave and facing new challenges .
I agree that successful people are those who try new things and take risks rather than staying on their `` comfort zone '' .

A realistic example is my personal experience .
I was born and raised in Puerto Rico .
I completed my highschool and undergraduate college degrees in Puerto Rico .
In my country , most rich young people attend to american schools and this enables them to be fluent in both language , english and spanish .
Even though that I come from a middle high class family and did n't have the luck of attending to an american school .
I learned english watching television and reading english magazines .
In addition that I attended to an intensive english summer program .
In my junior year of college , I decided to apply for an exchange program at New YorK University and never thought that I was going to get accepted .
So it happened , I did n't get accepted for the Spring semester and was devasted .
I felt like a looser .
In the next upcoming fall semester , I decided to apply again and finally got accepted .
Just imagine coming from a very small island and having to compete with other US native studends .
I got very scared but never looked back .
I finished my exchange program with a 3.0 at one the toughest business school in the entire United States .

That is a true example of success .
I decided to try something new and take the risk of moving into a such difficult and fast lane city as New York City .

Even if at the begining things do n't work out the way that you wanted .
Just the fact that you tried that defines success .
Now a days , after all the struggle I am working at an advertising agency as an account executive and have an amazing appartment in one of the most exclusive neighborhood of the city .
Although the path was not easy and pleasant at the end I found success .
Advertisements is prevalent in our society .
We can see a variety of advertisements surrounding us .
I think , every person will be strikingly impressed by the colorful advertisements when television channels broadcast sports games , especially some very important games , such as the MBA final contests .
People do not spend much time on thinking whether advertisements will match what they advocate .
They tend to follow the trend that advertisements have created .
But from my experience , I find that most advertisements exaggerate the benfits of their products or hide their potential harms .

But why do advertisements try to show us things that are actually not that good ?
Obviously , profits from products drive them to do so .
Particulary products that are assumed to cure or remove a chronicle diseases can be more attrative to us than others .
Manufacturers make use of our desire to spend money on these products .
In addition , less work on administering and censorship of advertisement can easily lead to the appearance of false adverstisements .
It 's admitted that the language of advertisement is very difficult to control .
Sometims , a subtle tone can make advertisements much better in overpraising their products .
However , from my understanding , the most important reason for this fact is that new media , for example internet , enter into our society .
These new media always can find a way to escape our current laws and rules on advertisements .
They figure out their effective methods to target a special group of people .
For example , teenager can take predomiance of population that surf internet often .
Computer games companies try to exaggerate their products even by telling that games can make you more knowledgable and get you get high scores in your courses .
The only reason is that games can make you think more .
I agree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Having knowledge in a broad number of academic subject not only constitues an all rounded person , but also paves the way for the success in specializing in one specific subject .

To acquire a truly thorough understanding of a specific subject , the knowledge of that subject alone is not enough .
It is in conjuction with other subjects that gives academics a greater understanding of what they are currently dealing with .
If one only focuses one 's studies in a specific subject , their method of thought would only be limited to that particular subject .
For example , a mathematician might only be familiar with the methological deduction of a problem , and hence be unable to understand matters with an imaginative mind .
Should the mathematician develop his mind in different ways , say through art or writing , he might be able to develop mathematics further .
For example , the Klein 's bottle , named ( not suprisingly ) after Klein is a mathematical concept which is not applicable in the real world .
Yet it has been and still is an important mathematical concept and puzzle which forms the bases of further mathematical investigation .
If mathematicians follow a logical and structural line of thought , the Klein 's bottle would have never been thought of and mathematics would not be able to further itself .

Furthermore , take philosophy for example , it has become apparent that to become a successful philosopher , one must acquire skills from various subjects .
Kant and Heidegger amongst other prominent philosophers have had their say on the subject .
They believe in order to become a successful philosopher , one must acquire skills from mathematics and science , an ability or a means to comprehend the world , a method of logical mental training that is crucial to the functioning of a clear-minded philosopher .

Given the proliferation of academic institutions that faciliate research and learning in all sorts of areas , each discipline is slowly beginning to exhaust itself in its subject matters .
Also , the technological advancements have lead us to be living in an ever changing environment , resulting in many new inter-disciplinary connections .
For example , even the development of a robot dog takes into account the psychological effects it will have on humans , and creates a more acceptable model .
( Hence the connection between the engineering and psychology ) .
With the above two reasons , it is even more crucial that in order to truly succeed at ` specializing ' in one subject , not only does on need to delve into the contents of it , but also in other academic subjects .

In conclusion , even if a person wants to specialize in a specific subject or be an all rounded person , it is crucial to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I belive that all the people want to enjoy their lives .
Not only old people but also young people , too .
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people are more energetic .
Young people can make more time than old people to enjoy .
Young people do n't have to think about the other people in the family like old people .

First , Young people are more energetic than old people .
They work hard and the next day they can enjoy snowboarding whole day .
Then they have no problem to go to work the next day .
The do n't get tired easily , because they put priority to enjoyment of their lives .
However , old people do n't want to get too tired since they care about their hearlth more than young people and their bodies do n't follow their mind .

Second , Young people are more flexible at their time .
Old people have to think about thier jobs and consider the other people 's schedules , too .
On the other hand , young people can make time whenever they want to .
They can come home late to go to the movies and go to the libraries until late at night not considering the time .

Finally , There are more possiblities that young people are singles .
When they are singles or do n't have the babies .
They do n't have to think about what other family members ' opinion about their enjoyment of their lives .
They can go to the night clubs .
They can go to trip whenever they want to .
But when they are not singles , or have children they should consider many situations , and ca n't be selfish .

From above the reasons , I think young people enjoy life more than old people .
They do n't have to think about many situations which old people have to do .
Health , flexible time and what other family members .
I do agree .
In fact I would say that this issue marks one of the most important cultural differences between Europe and the United States of America , and that it is one with enormous economic impacts .
While in the USA there is a very strong culture of the succes , exemplified by the working people whose valour and will to reach as high as they can leads them to a great economic succes not only for them but for the entire society , in Europe nowadays economically succesful people is being regarded more and more each year as demons guilty of the misery in which so many people around the world live .
As many modern european intellectual vices this opinion is very likely to be found ( but more as a trend to exhibe than as a reality ) in France .

I must say that when I use the term `` economicaly succesful '' I do not refer to plainly rich people but to people who has achieved to make money by themselves and by a productive activity .
This leaves out speculators and the like .

I will now justify my opinion on the French : french youths nowadays would prefer , in a seventy percent majority , to become civil servants rather than to work in the private sector .
Being a civil servant in France has even more advantages than in the rest of Europe about free services such as health care or education for your children .

However this way of thinking is leading France to not being able to keep up economically with the rest of Europe , and Europe to not being able to keep up economically with globalization in general and with the USA in particular .

On the other hand once you have acquired deep knowledge about something it seems such a pity not to use it , and the labour market usually demands more specialists than entrepreneurs , and much of the features that make the USA so dynamical in economics also create great inequalities in its social tissue not to be seen in Europe , so in this issue as in many other I would suggest to find an equilibrium point instead of clinging to an extreme position .
It is known that as human beings we are set apart and distinguished from other species by the variety of knowledge we gain in our life-cycle .
Thus , in relation to the previous statement , I personally believe that it is better for an individual to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than specialzing on one only .

Initially , gaining knowledge from a variety of topics benefits the person himself as he will be able to relate more aspects of his life to more areas of knowledge which range from mathematics to the arts .
This technique of learning and attending to many subjects is being currently used in many high schools and universities .
For example , if a student wanted to major in airplane engineering , he would have to take courses such as physics , chemistry , mathematics and such sciences .
In return , he would have a complete idea and understanding of carrying out his prospective aim which is to become an airplane engineer .

People are also subjected to many situations in which they have to bring together all the knowledge they have gained through their personal or educational experiences .
It is in specific moments such as these where a person is tested to acknowledge many academic subjects .
The applicable standards of the betterment of having a broader knowledge only furthermore justifies the importance of it and the great disadvantages of specializing and concentrating on one subject .

Not is the notion of having increased knowledge from many academics only benefitial for a human 's individuality , but it is also useful in tying links and filling in the blanks .
As demonstrated in the first example , a person will know more about the subject he is interested in if he can link to it through other aspects .
I can come to prove this from my own personal experience .
As a Theatre Arts fenatic student , I have been able to improve my acting skills through another subject I take - Psychology .
In that class , I have learned the behavioral aspects of a human 's mind and have been able to justify them using biological and environmental indicies .
Thus , when it comes to analzying scripts and playing different roles , I can become a better actor by associating the character to psychological terms which are totally true and realistic .

In conclusion , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better for the individuality of the gainer , his career and helps him/her in tight situations where they are subjected to random questions that could revolve around any ideas or theories .
Its ' advantages also exceed those of the belief of specializing in one subject which makes it a better suggestion .
Moreover , having more knowledge truly brings out humanity and drives them to their full potential and benefiting the world .
I agree with the fact that young people do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
Before I give the reasons and examples , I want to clarity the word young people .
According to my essay , young people means the people at the of 15 to 25 .
Below and after those ages are out of the scope of my essay .

If we look at the global trends in the world today , we see that it is mainly a world based on consuming more and more .
Consuming in the sense that , our happiness is getting more and more directly related to having more personal material under us .
If it is not the same for every young person , it is the same among my friends .

The main reason why I agree with the statement is because I believe that he world that we live in today is very individualised .
The reason for this is the one that I explained before .
In today 's life , we have huge resources of data , huge amounts of toys to spend time and etc .
People keep on spending time with those toys or vast amount of data that are available .
For those people , having a time for other things are almost inevitable .

As an example , I can give people who dedicate their lives to Massive Multiplayer Online Role Playing Games .
I know my friends play these games for days continously just to have a better character in the game that results in a better reputation among their friends .
In the scope of this example , for many people , helping out the community is just a waste of time .
Something that does not possess any value in it .
Because they do n't gain anything materially by helping out people .

In conclusion , I think the way young people see the world is the problem here .
We live in a world which is dominated by consuming trends .
The happiness in today 's world comes from material happiness , and for many young people around me , helping out the community is most of the time nothing but a wastage of time just because it gives nothing to their material possessions .
As you all know many students choose to learn what it is written in their books rather to see the main idea behind it .
This leads to developing generations , who waits for others to think and accept their ideas as a truth without questioning it .
So it is very importent for young people to understand the ideas and concepts than to learn facts .

Firstly , when you are taking a math class or any other subject related to science you have to learn the main principles of the subject in order to succeed .
For example you cannot just say something falls down when it is dropped .
You have to know that there is an external force called gravity , which keeps all subjects on the ground or make them fall when they are in the air .
Without understanding the main reason or thinking about the cause you cannot make any progress for yourself and the others .

Secondly , it is not only true that someone should learn the main ideas for the science related subjects .
Also in other areas like history or politics ( especially in politics ) you should know the reason why something happened or going to happen .
Unfortunetlly many students believe that history is only about learning wars or important charecters in order , but history is more than that .
Without the background information on the facts , for example the WWII , you will never understand why the Americans have to go into Europe in order to support England .
In this example it is important to understand that England was the only country against the Nazi-Germany and needed help in order to prevent the groth of Nazi-Era , but without this information it will be just another war in the human history .

Finally many students say that they have many thinks to learn and to understand the idea behind everything requires much time , but that is only a misunderstanding .
Especially in engineering subjects , such as programming , you cannot learn every single command , because there are to many of them !
The main points of programming is to know how to build an algorithm and how to translate it into the programming language needed .
The rest can be done by everyone with a little experience in computers .

To sum up , facts are nothing compared to the ideas behind them .
In order to take an important part in the society people should produce their own ideas , otherwise they will be nothing more than a slave .
In order to do that you need to understand the main ideas .
Happiness is an interesting issue : do young people enjoy life more than older people do ?
Well , from my experience , I believe that older people are in a better position to enjoy life nowadays than young people .

First , let 's take an example .
A lot of people may say `` living on an island in a warm place , far from the stress life of big cities , is like Heaven. '' and they add `` People who live in such place do not know the chance they have '' .
This example illustrates a major point : no one can appreciate his life when he has never experiment a hard situation .
Older people , from their experience , have an idea of the difficulties of life and when they decide to do something , they know how to enjoy it .
People tend to enjoy more when they know things are not so easy to get .
For instance , a child who uses to get expensice gifts does not know how hard her parents have worked to get their social situation .
But if he makes things by her own , she would like them even more because she remember the difficulties and time she went through .

Second , nowadays , life is getting tougher for young people .
Because of today 's economic and political situation , life beomes much more stressful for young people who have to make create their social situation .
Unemployment rate is high in a lot of countries like France and Germany and young people have more difficulties to find jobs .
Moreover , because of globallization , companies have to face competition from the entire world .
This situation leads to costs reduction in the majority of companies and a need to make profits .
Thus , young people have to face pressure coming from everywhere .
They are not in a position to take time to enjoy life , because for a lot of them , they have to work , work , and work , and sometime rest .
The situation is clearly different for older people .
They are retired for some of them and they do not have to face all this pressure .
They can spend more time on their passion and extra professional activities .

Third , the situation for older people is much better than one of those a hundred years ago .
Older people benefit from social enhancement .
Health care and health system have improved , and the life span has increased a lot in rich countries .
People live longer today .
Thus , older people have more time for themselves .
How about young people ?
Well , as said before , their new stressful life is not favorable for a healthy life .
Look at the amount of medication to reduce stress spent every year by young people !
A research has shown that the best time to have a baby is ...
retirement .
If I have to decide whether I agree or disagree with the the claim that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning the facts for students , I would disagree this claim .
Students need to have concrete fknowledge of facts to be an educated intellectual .

I would like to give an example about learning a forein language .
When people learn a foreign language , it is important to understand its grammar , how the words are integrated , and its pragmatics , how people use the target language to achieve their goal .
However , even if you understand the grammar and the pragmatics which could be considered as ideas and concepts of a language , it does not assure you are able to speak the target language .
You might be able to be a very successful scholar of the language , but you might not be able to speak the language at all .
In order to speak a language , you have to memorize vocabulary and idioms and learn sentences and dialogues which could be considered as a process of learning facts .

If we educated all students to become a scholar , the approach focusing more on understanding ideas and concepts would be effective , but students will take different carreers .
Educators should provide opportunities for them to learn enough knowledge to survive the real world .
Moreover , in order to understand ideas and concepts deeply , concrete knowledge of facts is inevitable .

Therefore , I strongly believe that students need focus on learning facts , not just understading ideas and concepts .
It is not only for students to prepare the time when they get out of schools , but also It will help students to undersatnd ideas and concpets more profound ly than when they do not have enough knowledge about those .
The writing is about usage of cars in coming twenty years .
This four wheeled machine is widely used mode of transport all around the world .

The technology is evolving with a zooming speed that with we frequently find a new car on roads that promises more speed and more comfort with the best performance assured .
With the increasing usage of cars even the demand for fuel has also increased .

To counter the scarce of the fuel cars are being manufactured with a technology to be driven with out use of any petroleum fuel instead can be driven by electric power and other sources .
For example , Reva .

We have number of manufactures like Ferrari , Lamborgini , Maybach , Mercedes , Hyundai , Fiat , Opel etc. are competing everyday in the automobile industry to manufacture or to produce a new car with all the amenities or luxuries along with the performance .
One who buys a car considers parameters such as speed , performance , comfort , capacity , availability of service centers etc .

Many Research and development centers are being developed to make a car which is different from the existing and which is unimaginable .

There are many machine geeks in this world who love to own the latest car which has almost everything that they always dream about .

Car are being manufactured considering the position or status of the people .
For example , In India , companies like Maruthi motors , Hyundai motors , Tata motors etc.have launched different ranges of car .

Cars have become a part of our day-to-day life .
For example , in colder countries like US , UK , Swiss etc. life is quite difficult to travel with out a car .

If time comes when the car cannot be driven easily on the roads due to the traffic conjestions or because of availability any alien machine which can replace cars with its best features which are not available with car .
Or , if cost of flying machine comes down then probably we may possibly take a look at it .

Therefore , I disagree that the usage of cars could comedown down the lane in coming twenty years .
Although some people prefer to travel in a group because of the easiness and safetiness , I would like to travel by myself or with a only few friends .
Travering individually is flexible and economical .

In the beginning , I did travel with a group led by a tour guid , because I did not know how to make a plan for a trip , and also I did not speak English enough to travel abroad .
In that case , it had better travel in a group and have a tour guide .
How ever , I found myself frustrated about waiting the other people to get ready to leave the place we visited and not having any extra time to spend more time at my favorite places .
On the other hand , if I am traveling by myself , there is no such a problems .
I can stay in bed late , or wake up early morning and enjoy the sunrise .
Therefore , I can more enjoy the trip without .

Travering with a group is usually more costly than traveling individually .
The tour group usually rent a larger van or bus and reserve the higher grade hotel and restaurants to fullfill the satisfaction of all the guests .
This may not be needed for some people .
If I am traveling by myself , I have time to select hotels and restaurants according my budget .
Instead I can spend more money to visit other places or From what I have stated above , traveling individually allows people to easily change and adjust the travel plan instantly as they desire .
Moreover , the cost of travel is less than that of traveling in a group .
The personal travel is the best way and more enjoyable .
I agrees with the statement that the young people recently do not spend enough time on helping their societies .
Because of that fact , many older adults complaint about the lack of vounteering activities of young generation into the society .
However , young people have several crucial reasons for that .
I can point out two main reasons for this situation : absolute lack of time given to young people for helping communities and enhanced status of communities compared to the previous .

First , there is no enough time given to young people for helping the communities because of doing other important things .
These days , the competition for the job and money between young people are getting more severe and complicated .
As the certain preferred jobs among young people are limited and many young people want to achieve it , they really need to satisfy various requirements requested by the company .
For example , as the society is getting enlarged to the global world , the fluency in other languages are critical .
This makes young people to go abroad for certain periods to study other languages and broaden their view .
However , this usually costs a lot for the young people to afford which makes them to work many hours concurrently in their youth .
Other general requirement for young people from the company is to have a experience of internships in a big company prior to enter their company .
So , they need to prepare for the applications and interviews for that .
All these requirements forces young people to work on many things during their youth .
Therefore , in order to successively achieve their goals , they will not have enough time to volunteer for the community .

Second , the status of the communities become much better and enhanced compared to the previous period which all the citizens needed to participate on developing communities .
If our communities has been struggling in to the severe problems such as the long-lasting drought , wide spread of contagious diseases among people , or extreme overpopulation of abandoned elders and orphans , young people would be willing to participate to make the cummunity better .
However , the current cummunities does not seem to require all young people to participate in making a better community .
It looks like it can be achieved through the help of young people who have enough time and older people who can be actively involved in communities based on their matured and various experiences .
I strongly agree that students should have a good understanding of the topics .
They should have a deeper knowledge of the concept and ideas .
Whereas learning from facts can be additional to it but one cannot solely depend on that .

Various examples can be given in support of it .
A good student is one who thoroughly studies the topic .
Goes deep into the understanding and then correlates it with his views and ideas .
In this manner he/she will have strong basics .
For example , in science subjects or in physics conceptualisation is the key factor .
If we do n't study the intial steps like in physics various theorems and priciples we can never solve difficult problems in future .
A strong basic understanding of all areas will help us to deal almost everything .

Furthermore , if ideas are put on paper or uses them one will comes out with novel innovations .
Like while doing experiments we put some reported ideas of a reseacher to our work .
And we come out with entirely new results .
So by putting someones idea which he had thought of we accidently or intelligently come out with a new concept .
So surely studying well and applying ideas can improve our capabilities .
Facts can be a guiding souce but true knowledge comes from understanding things .

This can also be applied in other fields of music , dance and art .
In these fields if do not know the basic concept of - do re me fa so , one cannot proceed futher to specialise in music .
On the other hand in art work like in painting one should know the standards of using a painting brush , how to use it at the first place ? .
Similiarly , in dance as in salsa or any other western dance one should know the basic way of doing it then only can learn other difficult steps .
So i would conclude by stating that one should make their basics strong in order face difficult challenges in life and this applies to all fields .
`` You 'll never regret the risks you have taken '' ...
This is one of my way of thinking and living .

I completely agree with the statement .
You have to try new things and even take some risks if you want to be successful .
During our life , everybody has to make some choices which will completely influence their future .
The human being is never complete .
We always have to learn new things to go on .
Our mind is like a computer which need more and more informations to work .
The life is a succession of choices which increase our knowledge .
We also have to share our knowledge with other people who want to grow up .

If we want to perform in a particular field , we have to be ready to learn always more and more until we 'll feel really confident about it .

Every popular icon has had to take some risks to become somebody famous and regognized by the others .

But this way of thinking does n't only apply for the richest or world famous people of our planet .
It 's also avalaibable for the average citizen who wants to succeed or to do something from his life .
During our carrier , we are often confronted to make some choices which can influence the future .
We do n't have to be affraid of change .
When we choose to do something we can only grow up and we will not go back to our initial statement .
We do n't have to consider the fear but the proudness of our choice .

If the risk to take seems to high , we can share the idea with some members of our family or co-workers .
There will always be an experimented person who will give us the good advice to go on .

Like the animals , the human being has to follow his instinct .
Students have to do both : understand ideas and concept , and learn facts .

First of all , I do agree with the statement that understand ideas and concept is more important than learning facts .

For instance , in an history class , the professor will teach the dates , when the event happened , but more importantly why , which is the idea or the concept .
Even though it is worth mentioning dates because it is part of the history and it is also culture , in my point of view , learning the idea and the concept is more important .
Learning how the second world war started , the concept , the behavior of the governments and the reaction of people is more interesting than knowing that Hitler died and the war ended in 1945 .

Another example would be the continents .
Students know that a long time ago , there was only one continent , then two ( the northern continent and the southern continent ) and finally seven continents .
That is a fact .
What would be interesting is to understand why and how it happened and that would be the concept of changes in temperature and drifts of the continents .
Nowadays , it would be the effects of the global warming on the ice and the level of the oceans .

Secondly , if students understand the idea and the concept , they will remember it easily .
Moreover , they will be able to use them afterwards for another application .
Understanding the ideas and the concept refers to use the intelligence .
To the contrary , students learn so many facts that they won t be able to remember all of them .

Nevertheless , learning facts is also useful .
Even if students can not remember all of them , it is worth doing it because it stimulates the brain .
The memory has to be used .

Besides , it is nonsense to understand ideas and concepts without learning facts .
I agree with the statement but also think that both are necessary .
In my opinion , history is the most important science .
The reason is that , it is both explains the ideas that people were thinking of and the facts that had changed life forever .
In that case it describes the perception of the concepts during periodes of time , plus their effects on the evenements .
In brief I think it is better to look in both sides and then decide the reality of the statement .

History classes are usually based on knowledge of the facts .
Dates , people , locations are important to know .
If we memorise these materials correctly we can also have general statements .
For instance all the wars were made because of different interests of states .
So we assume that same kinds of facts , like wars , are enough for us to understand the reason or the concept of the wars .
In additoin to that it is easier to learn the facts than learning the concepts .
Concepts and ideas have many consequences or they have even not been realised .
In short it is more general and easy to understand the facts for the students .

On the other hand , facts are not usually enough for us to understand the reality .
For exemple big states can make lots of wars and can gain or loose land but these war can not explain clearly the reason why French Revolution had realised .
The ideas and concepts emerge and develope slowly and not easily .
They have backgrounds and a search for a better life .
In addition to that they can be capable of avoiding bad things to happen .
To give an exemple , people made wars for many centuries but with the help of the philosophes or thinkers they understand the importance of human life .
So they do international agreements for not to battle .
However , knowing only the facts is not enough the have a conclusion like this .

To summurise we can say that it is more important for the students to understand the concepts and ideas then to learn the facts because it is more usefull for every situation .
We can guess the facts in advance by knowing the concepts .
This statement raises a questions which can be applied to many aspects of life : sports , at , and in this case , academics .

On the one hand , specialize in one specific subject can give more psychological stability to someone , who can identify himself with his main activity .
The approach can also let someone to become a world class expert on its subject , with the opportnity to access to the most innovative and advanced projects in its area .

The drawback of this approach is that huge frustrations can be generated if the aimed goals are not achieved .
Moreover , a too specialized pofile could have severe difficulties to adapt to environment and technological changes , limiting in a important way its career opportunities .

On the other hand , having a broader knowledge on many subjects , even if it could be perceived as being an `` average guy '' approach , can open the door to several advantages , most of which are necessary skills for a succesfull manager .

First , a generalist approach allows to have a global and comprehensive vision of a complex problem , and gives the necessary skills to interact with people with other , and maybe more specialized , backgrounds .

Second , a richer academic knowledge give the opportunity to identify correlations between different aspects of a project , and therefore to provide original and effective solutions at a global level .

Third , a broader set of academics skills permit to adapt in a easier way to the changes of the sourrounding environment , and opens a wider range of career opportunities .

To summarize , I totally agree with the presented statement .
In a complex and global context like the one we 're experiencing in those years , a broad and complete academics background is definitely required to adapt to all the changes and the situations one has to face .
This open-minded approach is without doubts the most valuable quality to succeed .
A lot of my friends complain that their parents are too boring .
They tell that their parents are not interested in enjoying their leisure times .
Moreover , older people wants that younger people enjopy their lives becausethey have already experienced a lot of enjoyments in their youth .
Therefore , older people encourage younger people to enjoy life .
I agree definitely that young people enjoy life more than older people .

Young people are enthousiastic and vital to live an exciting life .
They tend to use opportunities to travel ; and they want to experience different things .
They want to know everything .
Furthermore , they tend to get quickly bored so they go to parties .
And they dance and go to concerts .
I am not different .
In my free time , I like to meet my friends , go to restaurants , and more over .
To enjoy life means for the youth that they can experiment and try different ways of life .
In contrast , older people are now much slower than young people .
They do not want to act more than it is necessary but I can understand this .
I think when I get older I will become more inactive because I will have a family , one or two children .
I will want that my children enjoy their lives .
Moreover , I will them give the possibilities , so that they can do more things .
This is because I do not want that they say later that they could not feel happy with their lives .
It would be terrible for me .

It is interesting how young people combine a free happy leisure time with businees .
They become even more successful because they are limited in their activities like older people .
My friends are all perfect examples .
A lot of them are succesful in their careers because they are happy and agile .
Enjoying life leads to satisfaction .
Therefore , I think , because older people stop to enjoy life they become more and more dissatisfied .

There are two reasons for me why I think that young people enjoy their lives .
One reason is that they want to see and experience everything .
Another reason is that they become more succesful with this attitude .
Now , I enjoy my life , too , but I know that this attitude will end in the future not only because of some changes in my life but also some changes in my attitude toward enjoying life .
I agree with this statement .
Here is my explanation why and how I beleive so .
Successful people do not quantify their success by where they currently are in their lives .
They constantly strive to acheive more than what is normally possible .
They have a desire to constantly excel and acheive a higher level at anything they do .
Once the next level is reached that does not satisfy them , they continue to charge along to the next possible level .
Often times this involves taking risks in situation that has never been either tried or known .
These individually have a special knack of pushing the bar to the next level and changing ` status quo ' .
This does not mean they do not fail but they do not take failure to be the end .
They are quick learners and are able to adapt and identify new ways to approach a tough problem .

One key characterisitc of a successful person is that they are innovators .
There are world-wide examples of innovators like Thomas Edison , Bill Gates etc .
They are never afraids to venture in to the unknown or take risks .
And because they do so they are often goal-driven and do not give up until they get to a solution .
This allows them to develop and test new concepts by mastering the well known ones .
They understand the difference between doing things well versus exceptional .
Their ` out of the box ' ideas provides them the opportunities to create solutions that others would not think of .
But it is not just the thoughts of great ideas , it 's their ability to work dilegently and having the tenacity to survive all odds to execute on those ideas that helps them produce results .
This is what differentiates them from others .

Successful people do not think their current place in life defines their future .
They know being successful in life means staying in the game , never giving-up and treating it as a marathon not a race !
Considering the statement that `` in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' you definitly have to consider the aspects of money .
To own a car and to drive it frequently is already quite expensive and people are always complaining about high petrol prices , In addition to that it seems that they continue to increasing constantly .
Therefore it could be possible that some people think about using different ways of transport instead of driving a car .

However , in my opinion there will not be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
Most of the people that will be allowed to drive cars in 20 years are already living nowadays and they grow up with the comfort of having a car in nearly every familiy .
I think if you get once used to cars and all the comforts they provide you will not like to miss them .
There is , for example , the independency that a car provides .
If you decide to go somewhere , you do not have to look up the schedule of a bus or a train , you do not have to wait untill the tain leaves or search for a possibility how to get to the trainstation .
If you have got a car you can just go outdoors take your key and get away .
Moreover the car is very practical if you want to get to a place without wasting lots of time .
By car you can go more directly , because there are more streets and roads available than ways for a train , and therefore it is possible to save time .
To save time is one aspect that seems to be quit important in modern times .
You can easily observe this if you count how often people mention the sentence `` time is money '' .

In conclusion I would say that people will not give up their cars the only aspects when cars will probably be used less than nowadys is for long journeys .
I think therefore people will use flights more frequently .
I believe with the statement that `` Young peoples nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
Primary reasons for such attitude would be drastic change in their lifestyle , constant peer pressure , too much focus on shaping their own carrers and change in social values .
I would take some of these issues to prove my stand .

Young people are now under the effects of corporate culture everywhere .
Whether this be their schoo , home or office .
This demands them to be at their best everytime .
They are expected to be first in their classes , decide startegies of business management , earn money .
All these leads them to focus more on shaping their own identity and rather contributing towards their community .
Young people put in much more efforts in terms of physical work then being put up by people of same age generations ago .
This leaves them absolutely with no time for contributing towards their community .

With such mad rush behind money , young people have become highly self-centric .
They are not worried about suffering of their community , let alone doing something to remedify it .
Young people with their living habits , social settings and behavior patterns likes to remain detached from everyone else .
Leaving community , young people find it difficult to communicate with their parents and family members .
This is not just because of communication gap but as well they are not concerned about their state .
In most of the cases they are non existent for them .
With such apathetic attitude towards their parents , spending time for their community can be easily ruled out .

Idea to help and connect is dying .
A perfect example of this could be of how we like to make new friend through internet but young people are hardly aware of sufferings of r next door neighbour .
Perhaps an example of apathy of young people towards their community can be best seen with recent Katrina hurricance in America .
There were hardly any initiative being taken by any young people .
Hence people do not give time to helping their communities .
It is of course crucial that students understand first of all ideas and concepts ; one cannot build a genuine knowledge of literature for example , if one does not understand notions like romanticism , modernism , post-modernism , etc ...
These notions are a great help to understand and define similarities between writers ( or their differences ) , and it allows the student to categorize them , and to see if these categories really fit them or if they can be challenged .

The purpose of these big concepts is to create categories , types , which provide landmarks for the student .
If we think of history , it is impossible to understand the history of the xxth century without being able to define and understand major concepts such as facism , communism , capitalism , or feminism , since all these concepts are significant of a certain era , and of certain ways of thinking .

However , understanding concepts and ideas is useless if the student is unable to relate them to actual facts ; indeed , it is difficult to write an essay on the evolution of the feminist movement in a given time period if the only thing the student remembers is the definition of feminism .
One needs facts to support one 's point , and what is more , the student will not be able to handle the notions easily if he has no actual facts to relate them to , and to clarify his or her point .
Facts are often very useful to understand better the concepts , and they also allow us to illustrate our point .
In this perspective , a teacher will rely on facts to illustrate or prove his or her point ; it is easier to convey the meaning of a given concept through an illustration , and it is also easier to remember for the student , especially if the example given is shocking , or amusing .
A mere knowledge of the general concepts and ideas would be too restrictive , and would result in a superficial knowledge , which is not very useful in the end .
On the other hand , a good mastery of both concepts and facts will allow the student to have in-depth knowledge , which is the most important .
In that sense , it is impossible to focus only on the general ideas and to leave out the facts .
There are different opinions about a common belief that young people enjoy their life more than older people do .
The fact that there are worlds between young and old makes it very difficult .
I agree with this statement because older people in general do n't have the right attitude toward life anymore .

One really good example why older people do n't enjoy life as much as young people is that you can feel and hear it from them almost every day .
If you have old people living in your neighborhood who has n't heard ore of them complaining about the way you parked your car or drove your bike .
When you 're older you take life to serious most of the time and you do n't really laugh as much anymore .
There are different reasons for that .
Maybe you just ca n't adapt to the new more modern life or maybe you just do n't want to .
While the youth plays videogames , goes out partying and listens to rock/pop music , old people do n't really do that as much because they either ca n't anymore or they feel that 's not their time and they had their fun when they were younger .
Another major impact that keeps a lot of people away from having fun is that they have injuries and just ca n't do the things a 20 year old can .
You often hear older people sayin that they wish they would be young again because they know that you can enjoy life much more when you 're younger .
I 'm sure many older people want to go out again and dance or do sport without having to be worried that they are going to break every bone .

Often just the look on an old man 's face tells us how he feels and that he 's not enjoying the position he 's in .
There are many worn out old people where you can see that they had a life with lot 's of worries .

Does n't also everybody freak out evreytime they see the first gray hair on their head .
people do n't want to get old they want to enjoy life .
Altogether it is a difficult topic with many different opinions .
Old people though just ca n't have as much fun as younger people do .
Younger people enjoy their life more as you can see if you compare them to old people .
I agree and disagree with the following statement '' Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' .
Nowadays , everything is different .
If we compare today to two hundred years ago , we will see a lot of differences such as different cultures , people and places .
However , children never change .
They always have the feeling that they should never work and always play .

According to my experiences , I agree more with the following statement than I disagree .
Young people ( teenagers or children ) do not have the spirit for working or helping on anything .
They are mostly attracted to the computer games , movies , soccer , basketball and other things .
Therefore , it is not their fault that they do not do some things .
However , it is their responsiblity to do at least some of the things they have to do .

There are also other teenagers or children who are by far different from the people who always play computer games or watch TV Programmes .
These kind of people ( teenagers or children ) might be as young as other children but might be much more mature than the other .
These kind of young people usually give enough time to helping their communities .

However , young people not giving enough time to helping their communities might result from the parents .
The parents have a big role and effect on the life of the children .
If the parents always do what the child wants , then you would not expect that child to give enough time to helping his/her community .
If you get the child whatever he/she wants , then he/she will want more and more and you will buy more which will be a very bad influence on the child .
For example , I have few extremely rich friends .
These people always get what they want .
However , they are the ones who usually fail during school .
So I think the parents might also effect the children .
Advertising is often considered by post-modernists as a new vicious means of propaganda .
It has penetrated almost every sphere of one 's life ; it is to be found everywhere in the public sphere , and has also entered the private sphere through television or free flyers .
Its purpose is to present a product but also increase the sales of this product .
Thus an advertisement must appeal to the consumer 's senses .
It must furthermore convince the consumer that he absolutely needs this good .
Therefore , strategies have been developed to increase one product 's sales , and making the product attractive and necessary in one of them .
But , as the statement argues , many advertisements enhance the product 's appearence and efficiency so that a gap is created between the real product and it 's image .

In the years following the end of the Second World War , occidental societies have experienced economic bonanzas coupled with increases in living-standards .
People therefore consumed more and more .
The means by which advertisers make people consume is sometimes questionable .
For instance , advertisements often manipulate unconsciously the consumer , by using subliminal messages .
This is one of the way to make a product seem much better .
Although diffusing erroneous information about a product is forbidden , some advertisements selectively describe the product and emphasize important features of a product , which are in reality irrelevant .
As an example , an advertisement for a car might put forward its comfort while its security is not mentioned .

Although we can argue that many advertisements make product seem better than the reality is , one might aknowledge that the very purpose of an advertisement is to highlight the good features of the product and silence the mediocre ones .
Advertisement have the right to emphasize the pleasant features of a product in order to sell the product to a greater extend .
But it should n't in any case lie to the consumer , at the risk of being discredited .
Nowadays widespred discussion exists as to whether students should focus on a specific subject during their studies or rather try to gain knowledge in many fields of academic interest .
I have given this question some thought myself as I started out attending an interdisciplinary course at university and then decided to refer to a course solely about economics .

On the one hand , dividing your attention in between lots of different subjects , you do not run the danger of becoming a narrow-minded academic completely endorsed in their own field of study as you interact with many different points of view and opinions .
Some of the brightest researchers you meet might not be the nicest company as they are not open to other peoples ' points of view .

Secondly , focusing on one single topic you might miss out on a lot of interesting things you could learn in other fields .
As an environmental engineer you might also be interested in arts , just as an artist might want to know how a power station works .

Thirdly , if you have chosen one subject you want to concentrate all your studies on , it may be hard for you to change direction and you may end up having to stick to a subject for the rest of your life .
Especially in the fast-paced world of today it is essential to stay flexible and a knowledge of many academic subjects certainly helps to do so .

On the other hand , it can become quite exhausting trying to accumulate knowledge about a wide range of topics at the same time .
I found it very hard trying to remember all the paragraphs during my law class and , half an hour later , having to recall the most important dates in German history .
Whereas if you stick to one subject , the amount of work will be less overwhelming .

Furthermore , by devoting your time to one specific subject you will be able to study it in depth and gain distinctive knowledge that will be more valuable than just a broad overview you get if you study that subject besides many others .

This valuable knowledge , that puts you apart from other students , will be what companies look for if they are trying to hire people for important jobs and , what is more important than improving job prospects in a world like today where well-paid and highly regarded jobs are scarce ?

To conclude , I think it is better to speicalize in one specific subject rather than having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , because , although there are a number of advantages in accumulating broad knowledge of many subjects , the gains from focusing your studies on one topic clearly outweigh these .
Yes , personally I agree that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Thats mainly because we all know how to do a some stuff well .
We are all special in something or another , it may be unique , but the fact that all of us are good at one thing is really - not unique .
Hence , if everyone does what they are good at it , they will be reasonable successful , but more very successful or famous .

People who like to try new stuff , who like to innovate or who try to take risks , are the ones who are daring enough to know that their ideas and plans might fail , but if they happen to go right - nothing stands between them and success .

Here , I would like to state the example of the Wright brothers - the ones who are the mastermind behind us flying from any destination of the world to another such destination .
Trains were common that day , travelling by ship and cars were also few of the more common and conventially traditional meens of transportation .
However , the Wright brothers had an idea , which was outlandish at that point , but if it clicked , they would have success at their feet , and the entire world would know them for that .
And thats precisely what they did .
They put that idea into practise .
Did their bit , and came out with a device that travels in air , and take u places in such short distances that were only dreamt of in that generation .

Thats why people who take risks , who have the courage to think out of the box and are willing to try their ideas because they have confidence in them .
By doing so , they take a chance of it failing or succeeding .
Fail , and the critics simply say `` we told you so .. '' , succeed , and everyone is astonished , and hails you - quite rightly so .

People only take risks because they have faith in their ideas and concepts .
People who have faith in their ideas and concepts are generally very intelligent and smart people , innovative people .
Hence they go ahead , take the risk , and bask in the glory if and when their ideas prevail and the entire world ( as in this case ) reaps the benefits of their courage , ideas and mainly - execution .

Therefore , I would like to conclude that yes , everyone can have a relative amount of success , but the ones who stand out for their success stories are the ones who take risks and try things which others do not dare dream off .
The issue of whether young people nowadays contribute enough time to helping their communities is a controversial one .
While the observation of the behavior of a few individuals might indicate so , I believe that the opposite is true

Firstly , as a native of a underdevelopped country , I was able to observe poverty and felt the need to do something about it .
Both college and university , I joined a group of students that regularly went to local shanty towns and helped in different ways .
Something I especially recall from that experience was the fact that whenever I shared this interest with other friends , they also expressed their interest and were , in many cases , willing and able to contribute and help .
The same happened to me a few times with adults , but in general this was not the case .
I acknowledge the fact that the world of adults has usually stricter time schedules that make these sort of participation more difficult .
Nevertheless , I believe that eventually one helps other because has an inner desire to do so , and no time constraints are valid excuse .

Secondly , I would like to correct the perception of young people as selfish individuals , only concerned with their own welfare .
I also came across many young acquantainces who were not willing to spend part of their time helping others , but is n't this attitude widespread among adults ?
I believe so .
Indeed , I believe there are two main reasons why people do not help : lack of interest or the belief that participation is useless in the sense that it will not solve the `` real problems '' .
While many youngs are not interested in helping others , I had the impression that the belief that helping people is useless is not as widespread among youngsters as it is among adults .
As a result , young people are more willing to participate whenever they face the opportunity .
In this sense , young people are more generous to their communities than their adults counterparts .

In conclusion , I believe that many young people are willing to help their communities .
The observation of a few who do n't should not led us to believe this common misconception .
I totally disagree with the idea that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
Surely it is useful and nesessary to have knowlege of ideas or concepts when a student claims hisor her ideas .
However , I do not think studying and understanding them is more important to learn facts .

I am from Japan .
I studied the socil democracy and neo liberal in Japan .
Then I believed Japan need to adapt the policy of socil democracy like many European countries because recently the employment in Japan have been unstable although Japanese MNCs have increased thier sales and government has decreased the cooporation tax .
So I believed the walfare system in Europe is better than American small government and strong capitalism .

So I came to Europe to study the politics in Europe .
However , in Europe I found what I studied in Japan about European society , philosophy and the principle of politics is different from the reality in the society .
In the theory each person has same right under the law but one day I saw the situtations where two black men were rejected by the shop to enter in UK .
Thier behaviors were not problem at all .
In Europe I found that if the government try to protect the people 's lives , people are not independent about thier lives .
Also people become intolarent to foreigners .
The society do not tend to give the oppotunity to foreigners because the government or worker unions give much regulations about employments to the companies so that the rate of umemployment in many European countries are higher than the United States or Japan .
So there is less chance for me .
Besides , I lost many desires to work or study in Europe because many people are so easy going about life because thier lives are protected by the government .

In addition , at the this christmas vacation , I visited NY .
Then I felt absolutoly comfortable .
Because Americans whom I talked with are more used to the different culture so that I could feel I am just one of people .
Also the society inspired me to work in the United States .

It was so schocking experience for me because when I had studied political philosophy in Japan , I believed that the social democacy is necessary for Japan .
However , to be honest I feel so uncomfortable in Europe by the facts that I found or experiences that I have learned in Europe .
So in conclution , I strongly disagree with the idea that understanding the concepts or ideas is important than learing the facts .
I should have studied in the United States not in Europe .
With the advance of communication systems such as television and internet , access to information is becoming easier and easier .
Therefore , it is not hard these days to find people with a little knowledge on a wide range of subjects .

Access to information has become easier not only for ten-year-old children but also for scientists as well .
However , it is not the range of subjects one has knowledge on , but the depth of knowledge in a specific subject , when it comes to academics .
The reason is many fold .

First of all , good academic work requires concentration , hard work , and above all , deep knowledge on the subject .
It is of course true that having knowledge on many other subjects would help the researcher look at the subject , or the problem at hand from other points of view , but when it comes to actually producing good work , all that matters is expertize on the subject .
Simply , one cannot produce original academic work without understanding the small details of the subject ; be it the inner workings of a physical principle , or the French cuisine in middle class of the seventeenth century .

Another crucial reason as to one should specialize on the subject she is working on , rather than spending her time learning about other subjects is that in the end , one will have to convey his knowledge to the next generation .
As this is the only way knowledge is accumulated , by passing from generation to generation , a researcher should always have a good understanding of the new discoveries in his field , which will require specializing on the subject .
Only after having a deep knowledge on the subject can one let the next generation benefit from his background .

Having superficial knowledge about a broad range of subjects is like reading the first pages of thousands of books , hence does not contribute to one 's wisdom or expertise .
Compare that to someone who has only read Hemingway 's ` For Whom the Bell Tolls ' .
It is not unreasonable at all to argue that the latter has gained a better wisdom from her experience .
the current era is the era of developing and ever growing information .
the amount of knowledge available in almost every field is increasing .
i think it is important that a person is specialized and has all the required skills and knowledge of one particular discipline .

as the old saying goes , `` jack of all trades and master of none '' somebody who knows too many subjects may not be able to master any particular subject this is the age of specialization .
specialization requires constant efforts in one direction .
so if a person wants to specialize in a particular subject , they will be required to regard that particular subject as priority and other subjects as subsidiary

also to be able to contribute in a particular fireld , one needs to put in more efforts and time in knowing that particualr field , leaving less or little time to gain knowledge about other subjects .

specializing in particular subject would help in complete knowledge of that paricular matter .
there would be less of confusion and more scope for exprimenting with the details and existing knowledge .
this is extremely imporatnt for scientists or other professionals involved in the field of advancment of knowldge

in the current time of cut throat knowledge , complete information of particular subject is required to gain an edge over others in the same field

i dont intend to say that having information about other fierlds would do any harm .
on the other hand , the information from other subjects but related subjects might prove useful .
for instance a politician would benefit greatly from knowing the history of the region or teh technological aspects of a particular powerplant in his region is working .
however he does not need detailed and technical knowledge .
he needs to know enough that would help him with his role as a politician .

i think specializing in one specific subject is more imporatnt than trying to learn too many subjects .
but once the person has specialized in his or her field , they can always look at enhancing their information about other subject matters also .
The more you know , the more valuable you are to your community .
I agree that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
The world we live in demands us to be better prepared , open-minded , and adapted to our surroundings ; technology allows us to reach specific important information when needed .

Taking as a reference the business world , every year we see how globalization grows in the countries and how barriers disappear , creating the necessity of better prepared persons that understand the interactions between several fields of study , as well as the problems that are derived from these interactions .
These persons can identify and analyze problems or issues that arise and that need complex solutions .
Eventough they are not experts in one specific subject , they can diagnose a situation and offer different solutions according to what they know from many subjects .
In contrast , an individual specialized in only one subject might not be able to give value to the chain , and might just be looking for a mathematical solution , in the case he/she was a mathematitian .

Improvements in technology allow people to research and learn the important points of an specific field in the case more detail or comprehension is needed for an specific situation .
Good quality information is available to everyone in just a few click in the internet .

In an organization , a balance between the persons that have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and persons experts in one field has to be considered .
Although experts in a field might not be capable to make a complex analysis and may lack a global vision of the situation , they might be useful to help solve an issue in the event that the solution is of his/her domain .

Having a broad knowledge of many topics enables you to give more value to your community or your business , by having a more open view of the daily situations that arise and by knowing where to find a solution or who is the right person who could fix a problem .
Teaching has arisen debates that are still today difficult to avoid when one has to deal with education , learning or training .
One of these debates could be summarize by the following statement :

` It is more important for students to undertand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts ' .

Somehow , this debate recalls the fight which opposed Montesquieu and Montaigne during the French Renaissance on education : the first one willing a ` full brain ' for students while for the latter prevailed a ` well made and shaped brain ' for them .

It is , I think , of a high importance for students to understand and to have a very clear and precised conception of ideas or concepts they deal with at school .
The more you understand , the more you will be likely to explain to other people the subject you are currently working on .
Consequently , the basis of any learning should lean on a good and clear understanding of ideas and concepts .

Indeed , facts are just a matter of memorizing , which is not a proof of a good understanding , Hence , it is possible to know by heart the important dates of the WWII without being able to seize the meaning of this particular strategy nor the consequences of that battle .
Facts must then be secondary for students .
Fact , which does not mean that they are unnecessary or useless .

As I said above , facts are secondary which means that they have their importance in the learning process .
Students must rely on facts to better understand ideas or concepts they are dealing with .
For instance , it is impossible to have a good comprehension of Marxism or African decolonisations in only bearing on ideas or concepts .
Facts are here to confirm or infirm theories .
Facts are helpful in the sense that they provide a pragmatic approach to something which has so far only being taken into a theoretical way .

A good combination between concepts and facts must thus help students to have a global understanding in what they deal with .
It is admitted that the optimization of already-gained competences lead to success .
There is indeed a high degree of certainty to reach goals , achievement when using means that are already familiar and well controlled .
However , to me taking risks is a derterminant or aggregate to feeling and being more sucessful .
I would even say that to me it represents the extra-mile .
From a personal experience , I was quite successful studying in France , in my mother-tong french .
After a pre-degree I decided to take a major risk and instead of going abroad to pursue my studies for just one semester ( as the big majority of students does ) , I opted for dual-degree program , where classes until the bachelor degree were delivered in German .
At the time , my knowledge of German were not the best ever and it was difficult to follow in class .
However , I gave myslef time to adapt , I worked hard enough , and after two years , I am fluent .

It was a major risks , to compromete my good grades .
Indeed it was logical that I would probably not achieve the same level of grades as in France .
This was in fact a big deal , since i was planning on integrating school for masters , which for the selection require high grades .

After weighting the pros ans the cons , on a long-term I came to the conclusion that this risk-taking experience had been one of the best decisions I ever made .
I must insist on the fact , that at the beginning it had not been easy .
However , through this experience , I had the opportunity to adapt to a unknown environment , culture and society , to learn i language and to improve my intercultural and interpersonal communication skills .

I soon realized then that having taken that risk had entirely been worthwhile .
Aaaas sucess I integrasted big
In my opinion the statement is too simple .
There are also arguments demonstrating that older people may enjoy life more .
Older people have a lot of experience .
They can judge and analyze certain events better than younger people .
Older people are often in a better financial position than young people are .
So they often have the opportunity to buy things or to realize projects younger people maybe ca n't afford .
With so much incertainty in the world today recent polls in Germany for example demonstrate that older people feel more secure than twens or even teenagers .
In a certain age one is able to review your life and to look back including the goals you achieved , but als the disappointments .
Young people are sometimes to optimistic about their opportunities and goals they can achieve , but with a certain experience of age some people gain a certain kind of realism that helps them to organize their life in a proper way .
As newspaper articles and the TV shows many young people do have problems and are very sad .

On the other hand younger people are generally healthier than older persons , so they can be more active and dont ' need to take much care about illnesses or risks .
They are maybe even not aware of the risks , what can be an advantage and a disadvantage at the same time , because you do n't really care about smoking or drinking risks .

Because many experiences in life can be negative , younger people are often less preoccupied with things than olders .
They try things that are new for them instead of thinking about negative events older people automatically take in mind .

In general you cant ' say that younger people are better off than the generation of parents or grandparents .
Enjoying life is a matter of character and personal situation , not a question of age .
In all generations there do exist happy and sad characters .

Every age can be enjoyable , but every time in life also covers the risk of disappointment or even pain .
Life is life .
There are more automobiles on the face of the planet today than any time in the history .
And the number is increasing at an alarming rate .
The growing economies of the Asian giants , China & India , are increasing with an average rate of 8 % per annum .
There are more white collar and blue collar jobs in these countries than ever .
THis is bringing more money than ever to the people of the continent , and a car is not an exclusive luxury , not as exclusive as it used to be anyway .
In India , since the almost full disposal of the red-tape , over 20 major car-manufacturors have set up producing plants all over the country .
In the past 13 years only , the number of cars in the country has rose by over 400 % to about 29 million .
According to certain researches , by 2025 , over 270 million Indians and 390 million chinese would be able to afford to have a car .

In the developed world , there are alternate modes of transport , both public and private , that whilst being energy efficient are also enviornment friendly .
In the Third World countries though such modes of transport are not readily available .
Also there is the lack of a viable transport infrastructure in these countries .
Maybe in a few decades , as the infrastructure improves , people will take to using public transport .
But on the other hand , it 's also possible that with the improving economies they 'd be able to afford a personal car too .

The rising price of oil and natural gas is driving the world towards finding and developing alternative fuel resources , but it is n't still discouraging people to give up the comfort of personal cars .
Corporations and businesses in America for instance advice their employees to ` Carpool ' .
Although this means that there are fewer number of cars on the roads during rush-hours , it does n't in anyway imply that those people donot have a car parked in their garage .

I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today .
In my opinion , the statement `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' is absolutely true .
It may depend on the product , how much influence the advertising campaigns have - but for most products in consumer markets it is true .

Let 's have a look at an example : There 's a commercial for chocolate on German television .
That chocolate is delivered in golden paper and is a litte bit more expensive than all the other available products .
Now what would be an appropriate commercial for that product ?
Right - a man looking like James Bond , having a party in the back garden of his huge expensive house and beeing accompanied by beautiful young girls .
And that 's exactly what that whole advertising campaign is like .
But why does it have to be like that ?

No one would want to buy that product if they saw ordinary people - for instance an elderly couple sitting on their couch - on television , eating that chocolate .
As stated above , it 's nearly the same with all kind of consumer products : computers , cars , beer , even razor blades or tooth paste .
To be honest - nearly all kind of razors blades are the same , there is no unique selling proposition .
So the companies use the advertisements to make the difference .
You can see a well shaped guy shaving his mustache and his young girl friend watching him .
Or they tell you that the new Wilkinson shaver has now four razor blades instead of three .
The commercial on TV tells you , that you must have that shaver because it has four razors - no need to prove that it 's really an advantage to have four razors instead of three .

What 's used to make those products much better than they actually are are emotions .
That specific beer shown on TV must taste better than the others - you are like those wild guys who are having fun in the commercial .
Since that new SUV is standing on the top of a big hill in that advert , it must be better than the old model that you 're driving at the moment .
May be - may be not !
But the fact that you see that certain picture produces desire for that product .
Even when the SUV shown on the picture is n't any better at all - it looks much better than all the others do .
And that 's exactly why most companies make their products appear much better in advertisements than they are in reality : It 's working !
I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in twenty years than there are now .

First of all there was no considerable change in the last twenty years and I think there will not be one in the next twenty .
Although there have been going on some developments that speak for the use of public transport , such as the increasing oil price or the ongoing improvments in public transport , the reasons why people use cars or refuse to take public vehicles will stay the same over the next twenty years .

I think the first and most important reason why a lot of people will not give up their cars is the flexibility it brings .
You do not have to care about bus schedules .
If you want to go somewhere you simply enter your car and immediately you are on your way .

A further , also very important reason is the independency a car brings .
You do not have to worry about how to come to the next train station or what to do if you need to go somewhere in the middle of the night when no public transport is active .
Neither you have to care about being late for work as the train is late .
You only depent on yourself .

Another fact that supports my theory is that the prices for public transport are still quite expensive .
Considering that they have not changes considerably in the last twenty years I do not expect them to get much cheaper in the next twenty years .

Furthermore cars and their efficency are improved continuously , which makes them more and more independent from the oil price .

I think that all the mentioned reasons contribute their part to the theory that in twenty years there will be as many cars in use as there are today .
The problem of knowing if being a risk taker or limiting yourself to do what you 're good at to be successful is complex and controversial .
While some people might argue that risks are likely to lead to failure , I would say that major successes have often been the results of creative and risky initiatives .

I believe that innovative thinking as well as risk taking persons are more likely to obtain huge successes .
If you do only what you 're good at , you generally do n't create new ideas nor products but you just execute something that has been already done .
Being efficient may make you the best in your field and procure you some relative success .
In my opinion , having a comfortable living situation does not necessarly means success .
In fact , success would be illustrated by more outstanding success stories , like the ones which came from a completly new concept .
This point can be illustrated by the example of the company Google .

To start a new company is a challenge itself that can lead to failure .
In the Google 's case , building a very efficient search engine and believing that it can be profitable through advertising was a completly new and innovative concept .
Financial risks related to the investment were important .
Investors had to be willing to take risks in a situation where we had no history nor statistics to anticipate success .
However , Google managed to be successful to the point where every employee gained a lot of money thanks to the enterprise success .
Even the cafeteria chef 's stock options were multiplied by more than one hundred between the time he joined Google and now !
I do n't believe we have seen such a growth in other new companies for the last years .

Today , we can definitely measure that the risk was really important as we know that a lot of companies that emerged from the Internet bubble went bankrupt .
Also , we can realize that Google 's innovative thinking as well as their will to take risks enabled his creators to have the success they have today .
Intro-advertizements-role-media-halo-role models-glamorize -

The role of media has reached its zenith in this age .
Right from a common daily-need item like a toothpaste , to a something more in vogue like a new designer brand apparel , or of technical importance like a new TV , a automobile , or a Computer-all need the media to make them appealing , or to lure people to buy them-irrespective of whether or not people need them .
Infact , these advertisements `` create a need '' rather than catering to the needs of those who are in the process of making a decision on something they already need to buy .

Advertisements , more than often , project a product in a way that the actual effect of the product advertised falls short of the description !
For example , the advertisements on body creams project such flawless , smooth , enticing bodies , although when used , they do not caste the same glow and charisma to the bodies of those who use them !
Another example is of a stain removers .
Most of them are ineffective , and if they are effective , they ruin the very color of the garment itself along with the stain .
What is annoying is the way they are romanticisedLet aside the ideas presented in which using it would mean adding romance to a moment , or finding the right guy !
Such deceptions of adding extra charm to a product entices buyers .

Advertisements cast a halo around an item , adding glamor to it by choosing attractive models to sell for them .
People , especially younger generation to be more precise , get very affected by looks-outer appearance .
They tend to copy models and movie stars etc .
They are in an age that is very influential .
When these individuals watch their favorite model seeling for something , their first impulse is to buy that item .
In the process , they seldom realize whether the product is worth it or not .
At times it is of no use what-so-ever .
For instance , recently there was an advertisement that flashed on the TV screens , which was unnecessarily glamorized , although the product was anything but glamorous or flashy .
It was an advertisement for a pain relieving pill !
Is it necessary to romanticise something like a pain reliever ?
And who is being targetted ?

Unfortunately , the more vulnerable part of the society-the younger generation becomes a victim .
In my view , such deceptions are harmful .
They do nothing to bulid a society , rather making it dependant on items people would never have needed otherwise .
This does n't mean that advertisements do n't have their place at all .
But if they are more discriminative in their depiction , it would be more fair .
The use of cars today is not restricted to only providing transport .
It has now infact become one of the basic requirements of each individual .
Therefore , I disagree with the statement and feel that the number of cars is surely to go up in the next two decades .

We have a reason for this right in front of us when we see massive infrastucture projects consisting of expressways , freeways , complex over bridge networks , better roads etc. being completed one after the other .
There is a conscious surge in the infrastructural development today and this is happening mainly due to a realisation that the number of vehicles is going to show a definite increase in the future .

More importantly , economically speaking , going by the rapid population increase in our country combined with the want of owning a car by each individual , we can say that it will be a major factor in alleviating the number of vehicles around .

There are several other factors too for example : Individuals nowadays are earning higher and better salaries and enjoying better perks which gives them satisfaction .
Therefore they can afford to buy a car not only for themselves but also for their working partners , which is increasing too , and sometimes also their children who wish to drive to their educational institutions on their own .

Furthermore , Some people from business families think of owning cars as more of a status symbol and therefore keep several of them even if they are using only a few .

Though the increase in the number of cars will also increase problems like high levels of pollution and stress in individuals , it is something that cannot be totally controlled .
We can foresee on the basis of the statistics of the past few decades that it is bound to happen because it has been going on the same way for quite sometime .
I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people .
This is very evident when we go to see some sports or carnivals or even a club .
More often we find very active and enthusiastic participation of the youth .
Old people generally do not get interested in new things as easily .
New things do not invibe the same level of excitement in old people as it does to the youth .
Many reason can be given for this difference in the way of looking at life between old people and youth .
Young people at their stage are still exploring new things in their life .
Every thing excites them .
Nothing is usual for them .
A base ball match may be just another match for an old man but for a youth it may be very important .
He gets involved into it much more and hence enjoys it more too .

After a certain age life becomes mundane , every thing seems to be routine .
People get used to a very fixed kind of life .
Small events which ones full filled them with joy seem to be just another thing .
One reason could be the coming of stagnation in one 's life after a certain age .
We get bound by a lot of things after getting old .
We refuse to being dynamic .
Relationships become stagnant , we stop thinking of growth even in our jobs and all these things reduces the interest towards life .
Wherease someone who is young , say a fresh graduate there is so much unstability in his life which inturn gives his life more dynamism .
This keeps his life more interesting and hence he enjoys life more .

Health aspects can be another reason why young people have more fun .
Young people are more healthy and spirited .
For an enjoyable and fullfilling life good health is very important .
In old age , people generally become weak and lose their health too .

This prevents them from enjoying their life fully .
All the above reasons results in youth people being able to enjoy life more than the older ones .
With the advancement of the technology in the communication sector , the companies are now able to market their products to an anormous number of people in a really beautiful way .
For example , the advirtesements on TV are so attractive that people watch them as if they were watching movies .
Unfortunately , they are misleading most of the time , as they make the products seem much better than they really are .

I think , an example from real life would make it clearer what I mean ...
A few years ago , we were considering to change our family car .
Therefore , we were researching different models of cars , what their properties are , how much they cost , and so on .
First , we tried to follow the TV advertisements to get an idea .
According to these advertisements , these cars were so good that it was hard to believe that they were actually not from future .
Nevertheless , they did not give us much information about the futures of the cars .
So , we decided to go to the agencies , where cars would be sold , to talk to the salespeople there and to get catalogs with detailed information on every single aspect .
Of course , the salesmen were really sure in their statements that the cars they sell were the best and capable of doing everything .
Therefore , they were not very informative .
And neither were the catologs ...
The problem with the catalogs was that they were written in such a way that an average person would not understand what they mean and how their cars were different from other models .
After all these attempts , we were even more confused than we had been at the beginning .
So our choice was nothing but a random one .
At the end , we had a car that would break quite often and create problems all the time , although it seemed to be the best car ever produced .

Now we know that , the advertisements are not the most reliable tools to refer when deciding on what to buy .
I guess , it is much better and informative to talk to people who have already bought these products to figure out if they are good or not .
Students need to learn somethings that are worth to understand thoroughly based on concepts while some other things are learned based on the experiments .
So i feel both are important tecniques to make the students thorough with the subject .

The students can learn the topic of their study by understanding the concept completely .
For instance , take the case of a professor teaching stating that they are 108 elements existing in the nature and probably they are some more unidentifyed yet are true .
Here the student duty is to understand about the nature and characters of the elements instead of raising the question about their practical existence .
Although this way of learning the things makes the students far from understanding but the professor cant help but to teach in his own style .
But in some cases the students are made to better understand by drawing the pictures .
That way the professor can help the student to memorize the subject .

On the other hand some topics are better understand when they are shown experimentaly .
For instance that the case of professor explaining the fact of water existing in three forms .
It is known fact that water exists in ice , water and vapor form .
This can be explained easily .
Water can be converted into ice below zero degree temperature that explains the concept of melting point of water .
In the same way water heated to 100 degree temperature so that the phenomenon of evaporation is observed .
This explain the boiling point of the water .
This form of teaching is best for the student to grasp the subject easily .
This visual way of teaching make the student to remember the topic for a long time .

To sum up , some topics like explaining the unobservable facts need the students to understand the concept thoroughly .
While other topics explained based on experiments can be thought easily .
Eventhough the experimental technique offers more advantage to students but not always applicable way to teach .
So i feel both techniques should be used to make the student to comprehend better in the subject .
I do not agree with this statement .
Although I consider it to be very important to have a solid knowledge of academic subjects in general , which means a certain amount of basic knowledge of different topics , I think that one should have a specific subject in which one is specialized and on which one should set ones main focuses .

Long ago , in the time of Goethe and Schiller or Newton and Descartes , it has been possible to acquire an amount of knowledge which offered the possibilty to take part in all important discussions about all scientific topics and even about art , literature and music .
At that time it was possible to be an expert in different areas of science and culture and Goethe for example even considered himself an expert in all sciences .

But those times have passed .
Since scientists has made enormous and unparalleled discoveries and inventions throughout the last centuries the amount of knowledge which is accessible today is overwhelming .
According to a study by the beginning of the 20th century this amount was doubling every seven years .
Today it is multiplied by seven every two years .

Hence no human beeing is able to deal with all of it and consequently it is necessary to have scientists go straight into one specific direction to create the possibilty to acquire even more knowledge .
In mathematics for example there are topics about which only a dozen people in the world can exchange their ideas because nobody else would even understand the problems those persons are dealing with .

So in order to make new inventions and discoveries as well as to enrich mankind 's amount of knowledge it is undoubtably necessary to have experts who are specialized in specific subjects and who are constantly - or as mentioned before even exponentially - breaking scientific boundaries .

So in the end many an invention would not have been made without the necessary experts .
Some people might believe that advertisements make products look more than what they really are , but I believe that advertisements make people wise , they help people to make decisions , and most importantly save time .
So I disagree with the statement that advertisements make products look more than they really are .

Advertisements are the source of information to the people , they clearlly explains what they really are .
They clearly mention there adavantages over therecounter parsts .
They cannot just give false information trying to make business , the laws now are really tightned , taking thisinto consideration they cannot make any false statements , and even if they do they are many consumer forums which will help us to guide through .

People are usually confused and out of mind about the various products available in the market , so advertisements helps people in making decisions .
We need not be an expert trying to understand what the advertisement is all about , they are made in such a way that a lay man can understand and make decision about there products .
Nowadays as the competition is increasing they are so many products coming out in the market , so these will help a lot in choosing the product we are looking for .
They give a detail explanation of the various function that product has .

In this busy life where we hardly get time to spend with our family and friends , advertisements come into picture they save a lot of time in choosing the products , when we are trying to purchase a product we need not go and look at the whole rack of products .
Advertisements help us to compare with other products , for example the price , benefits , uses etc ...
So by doing so we save a lot of time .

I do agree that some advertisements may actually see much better than they really are , but considering the issues like they educate people , they help in making decisions and save time , I think that the advertisements are of great help to the society .
End of the day you are the one who makes decisions nobody is forcing you into it .
Taking risk and trying new things out rather than doing thing that have already proven to work has been the source of major inventions and accomplishments .
I conlude that trying and taking risks are the most important factors for people to be successful .

In most areas there is a need to have a good education and knowledge base to get a job done and to be succesful in a certain filed .
To run a business , for example , it is necessary to know everything aboout your product , the market and the customers and once you have gained the knowledge and experience and the products or services are streamlined and are successful in the market the business owner could try to just keep everything `` as is '' to run the business from that point on .

The problem is that if the outside factors change the demand for the product might decline , competitors might have similar products , but lower production costs which all cause the business to decline .

Thus , the business owner needs to constantly try out new things , do new investments , issue new products - take risks to ensure that his products are successful in the market .

Trying out new things gives the one who does it the best experience and the best knowledgebase he could have ; inside knowledge of what works and what does n't work .
Someone who only sticks with what he has learned already and wht he has been doing for years will never get the insights and cannto be successful in that specific area .

The same is true for taking risks : chances are always associated with risks which means , in conclusion , that only those who take risks are also able take chances .
To start a new business , to travel to an unkonwn territory , to do scientific experiments always contain risks ; but most of men 's major accomplishments have been made by those people who started the new businesses and travelled to unkonwn territories .

My conclusion is that people even need to take risks and try new things
Some people may think that young people can enjoy their life more than older people while others think that older people can really enjoy their life without restraint .
I disagree to the idea that young people can enjoy their life than older people because of time constraint , insufficient money matters and a sort of the burden such as study or job .

First , young people generally do n't have enough money excluding small number of fortunate people .
Especially in the case of young students , they have to get the money from the parents or make money by working as a part-time jot .
In order to enjoy the life , it takes a lot of money .
For example , many young people would choose traveling as a way to enjoy the life .
To buy airplane ticket or driving car need fair amount of money .
Therefore , since the young people cannot afford to pay for travel cost , they cannot enjoy their life to their wish .

Second , young people are pressed to time .
In general , young people are students or worker .
It means they belong to the certain schools or workplaces .
In this sense , students are pretty much busy in keeping up with the course or school work and young workers should work on their job at their workplace .
For example , as a student , I have been always busy to do homework and I cannot imagine enjoying the life specially during the semester .
Therfore , because of the time constraint , young people have many limitations on enjoying themselves .

Third , young people have lots of burden or obligations compared to the older people , For instance , young couple who have two boys cannot relax themselves or enjoy themselves even when they have free time .
Taking care of the chilren and doing house chores can be on-going job for the young people in the stage of life .
Besides this , they have to support their children by making money .
Therefore , with the burden and obligation , young people who have family to raise cannot find time to enjoy themselves easily .

In conclusion , young people can be the generation to work rather than enjoy .
Enjoying onself needs , in general sense , money , time and freedom of any kind of obligation in life .
Considering the special nature of life style of young people , they seem to be more difficult to enjoy themselves than older people who are free of the burden for raising the children and then have enough time and money to enjoy .
The given statement is true and relevant for the use in life .
It is agreed that if there are no risks in life , and that new things are not trried , it would be a cotidian and common world where nothing new could be seen .
It would be like a mechanism , like a machine type of work .
You were designeds to do something every day , and that is what you have to do every day in life , like a computer .
It is designed to be used for work activites and in some cases for entreteinment , but there will be nothing new in a computer if there is not a creation of a new invetion or idea for the progress of that computer .

Off cource that there will be risks .
If the product is not accepted by society , then it will be a loss of product and a loss of money , but that is a risk that must be taken in order to make a company grow .
If people are closed minded and does not agree with many new things than the society we live on will not be in any way successful .
It would be a conformist society that just want the necesary things .
It would in part also a sellfish society , where the people will ony worry for themselves and would just ignore the problems that the rest of the society , and even the world has .
Which in a way , is not correct .

There should be an improval in all the things , as history has shown us .
Time has shown that if there is no growth then we would still be in the prehistoric era , where the people could n't even knew how to talk or how to exand their own ideas .
But we have seen that some humans take the risks , and are also shown as an example of the growth in society , and the exceptional work that humans can do .
Because of their risks we have seen an evolution in human days and life , if there was not a risk , then not even technology could have started .
Industrialisation , technology , and many other things that complenent the socienty we live on , are the causes and the effects that were reached by the successful on the risking of society .

For exapmle , if an Alber Einstein would n't exsist , or a Leonardo Davinchi , what might have been of science and religion , and literature .
What about Aristotle , the founder of `` University '' , if it would n't have been for these men , we would n't have any education .
They risked their own lives on trying to make humans life better in knowledge , and in the capacity of learning new things .
They gave away a great amount of time where they could have engoyed with their family , and even , they could have done something common .
But in the matter of fact , they chosed to analyze things deeper , and show society that life can be better , and that there will always be risks to take , but it will be on your hands to take them or not .
It will be your desition to change your life and differ from the common way of life .
I agree partially with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I think that joining a group led by a tour guide is the best way to visit a place for the first time .
I also belive that visiting the same place on my own for the second time is a good way to discover more informations .

I usually prefer to take part in a tour guided group when I visit a place for the first time .
It gives me the opportunity to meet new people from different cultures and learn more detailed information abuot the history and the secrets of the place .

However , I also like to visit places on my own after I was there with a group led by a tour guide .
Two years ago I went to Rome and I decided to join a group of people that had a tour guide , it was amazing and the guide was really knowledgeable .
He gave us a lot of artistic and historical informations about the famous Roman ruins but at the end of the tour the guide said that because of the short time available , we could n't visit all the important attractions .
I was really curious to see what we missed so I decided to go back in such a marvellous City full of imponent structures of the past .
Last year , I returned in Rome and I really enjoyed my time discovering all of the particular things that were not mentioned in the previous tour .
I also experienced the famous italian food in such nice restaurants that are spread out all around the historical area .
I could feel the real essence of a city where the ancient ruins are mixed with things of everyday life .

That was defenetly the best experience of my life and I could n't have the possibility to enjoy it , neither going there on my own for the first time , nor just going there with a group led by a tour guide .
I agree with the statement .
I personally strongly believe that as an student , to understand ideas and concepts in any subject is very important .
There are several reasons of why I support the statement based on my personal experiences .

First , to understand ideas and concepts require certain level of reading comprehension skills so that students can fully acquire the essense of the facts or the contexts that they are trying to understand .
In other words , students are not just understanding the concepts , but gaining and improving the reading skills to interprete what is written and said in their textbooks .
Secondly , by fully understanding the contexts of the facts , students can translate what they have learned and share with others , which enable them to discuss their own ideas and opinions .
I think this is a very important excercise as students bacause by doing that , students can learn how to express their level of understanding as well as to have the oppoutunity to hear about others ' opinoins on the same subject , which also enebles them to look at things differently if others opinions are different from their own .
Thirdly , just learning facts might end up making student to memorize the facts and end up forgetting everything as time goes by especially if the contexts are not interesting to students .
Growing up in Japan , where style of education tends to focus largely on memorizing , I know how dangerous it could be .
In Japan , even in the subject of mathematics , which is require high level of understanding the concepts and logics behind the equations that are often used in solving problems , students are told and encouraged to remember facts ( in this case , many complicated equations ) .
Just memorizing the facts and not fully understanding the ideas behind them , those facts cannot be stayed in the students `` brain '' not even as information , but disappear soon later on .

Having lisiting those reasons , I strognly believe that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts about whatever they learn in schools .
In addition , to make them realize what they have leared , it is ideal to have the opportunities to share their thoughts .
By doing those activities , their knowledge will not disappear as `` memorized '' facts will do .
People go through different stages through out their life span , starting from childhood , teenage , maturity and then getting old !
For the past 23 years Ive been hearing different comments from different ages starting ; `` I cant wait to grow old '' to `` How I miss my old days . ''
The question now is when exactly is the most enjoyable period in our life time ?

`` Younger people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
Lets focus now on young people and what they do .
Young people start their lives starting childhood living with their parents having the support they need , having the time to play and enjoy every moment with their friends and family , not to mention that they have no responsabilities .
If we put in mind that teenagers are considered young , I believe that the only difference between a child and an 18 year old girl will be the same only putting into consideration that responsability will be more obvious but only in-terms of studies while on the other hand they still got the time to have fun with both friends and families and having the time to travel across countries and visit new places .

As for older people , starting the maturity stage which is after graduating , at that time although responsabilities starts increasing rapidly , on the other hand new factors are being added to the equation which adds to it the sence of excitment .
To illustrate my point ; as we grow older and start getting into the real world , this is where we start making a family , meeting our spouse and creating a foundation of ours .
The idea of providing the support to our family and creating this opportunity to our children to have fun just as we did , is enjoyable in one way or the other .
We all know that achieving this is challenging and in my own opinion the sence of challenge is fun !

Moving on to an older age , If we managed to accomplish the foundation that we were working on , we will be able to feel the sence of achievment by also creating support to our childrent ( who are now matures ) creating for them the support they need to build their own foundation .

Life as a whole is enjoyable , if we tend to take it from its dark side and its difficulties starting our first day at school it will never be enjoyable , but as for me I believe that when we are young we enjoy the idea of having free time , no responsabilities and at the same time creating our life time plan , which is if we manage to accomplish one day we will be forever happy .

In conclusion the time which is more challenging to us is more fun and thats why I disagree with the statement .
Age is not what determines to what extent we enjoy life , it is our attitude and our choices towards the enjooyments and difficulties we face along the way .
Some of the youthfoul of today think they enjoy life alot more than older people .
This is because they are entering a new stage in their lives were independence and fulfillment rules thier chioces .
They feel they have all the power in the world and what is worst they feel inmortal .
However it is not this two factors or the overwhelment of emotions that will decide how they want to enjoy life at its fullest , it is their own attitude .

A girl that just finished highschool , has all her strength to enjoy the years to come and to achieve her goals , but what if she makes the wrong choices and decides to let her college education pass by and ends up working as a receptionist instead of that mechatronic engineer she wanted to be .

Her whole life was marked by this mediocre attitude .
Instead a girl who has her mind always on track and fights for what she wants , letting go of the common momentary human enjoyments and working towards a rewarding end , will find the obstacles on her road an enjoyment as she defeats them .

This same situation happens with older people .
They think that `` youthfoulness is uselessly spent on the youthfoul '' .
An old rich lawyer may often complain about her deteriorating situation an say that if she could turn back time they would do things differenty , make other choices or aim at higher goals .

The truth is that these inconformity is due , again , by the attitude and the wrong choices she displayed along her life .
On the other hand we also have men and wome who have faced maturity with a smile on their faces .
The experiences rich in their minds were achived thanks to their positive and proactive attitude towards life in general .
So , personally I do n't think that something you have no control of , such as age , can determine to what point you enjoy life .
Life may be enjoyed by a sick 80 year old farmer as well as by a healthy 17 year old waiting at the doors of destiny .

We define how to enjoy life and what it has to offer with our character .
In this essay , I will discuss how and why young people enjoy life more than old people .
I will use an example from my personal experience to support my opinion .

Though old people are able to enjoy life , most are not able to enjoy it to its fullest .
This may simply be because they are typically not as physically able as young people .
A young person is usually able to play sports and participate in other activities which may require substantial physical strength .
An older person , however , might not be able to enjoy such acitivites for a very long duration of time .
Take aggressive in-line skating for example .
This is an activity that a group of friends and I frequently indulge in for recreation .
We sometimes skate for 3 hours straight .
But , when my dad tried to skate , and he was exausted to a point where he could'nt go on after only ten minutes .
Though my dad was very athletic when he was young , age has slowly stolen his vitality .

Another reason which old people are not able to enjoy life as much as young people is the inevitable advance of technology .
Most old people today simply do not like new forms of entertainment .
Recreation today is quickly shifting from physical activites such as sports towards newer forms of entertainment such as video games .
I have noticed that most old people are not willing to enjoy video games .
Most even refuse to try them out .
Though they may have liked pong when that first came out , they usually do n't appreciate newer more complex games and dismiss them as meaningless and time wasting .

Young people on the other hand , are able to appreciate both new and old forms of entertainment .
I myself participate in a multitude of sports such as soccer , but I am also an avid video gamer .
Unfortunately , most old people are not capable of this because of the reasons described above .
Unfortunately , this leaves them with very few ways of enjoying themselves .
We all love advertisements .
One the one hand women like the nice jeans advertisement guys , on the other hand men like underwear models in the same way or even more .

But , are we really influenced by advertisements ?
Do they really make us feel that some products are better .
In fact , do we really taste McDonald 's in another way if we have seen an advertisement before .
Do we really feel better if we drive a BMW X5 , which is delivered fresh from the enterprise in Munich !

I 'm of the opinion : It depends !

Refering to the two examples from the introduction , i want to explain why I think , that it depends if advertisements make products seem better :
Firstly , i want do deal with the McDonalds example .
I claim , that we do not taste a Big Mac in another way if we see an advertisement .
The reason is that you feel or taste food and things like shoes or other things that relate to your body .
Consequently , i think you can not betray your body .
Indeed , I believe you can do it for a short period of time , but if you bought the wrong size of a pair of shoes you will have to confess to yourself after a certain time that it was a wrong buy .
I think eveybody of us has bought at least one time shoes or a pair of jeans which did not fit , but we wanted to say to ourselves they are just perfect !

On the contrary , I claim that if you buy a car , advertisements make it seem better .
Just think about the nice winter landscape , the car drives with his four wheel system through the snow like it would be a normal street .
You would love to say that this is your car .

In fact , I learned at the univerity , that especially car manufacturers are often placing ads in newspapers and television , just to make their buyers secure they did the right thing .
Hence , car manufacturers do exactly what is stated in the question of this essay : They try to make a product seem better through an advertisment .

Also of my own experience , i can say i have experienced that a product gets better through an advertisement .
Everywhere on the university are ads of IBM , and i glad i have an IBM Laptop , because otherwise , i would ever feel like i have a bad PC , because nowhere is an ad of it .

To conclude , i want to summarize my opinion .
An ad just can make a product better if it does n't harm yourself in a way .
All personally related products can only be made better for a short time period , whereas other , just technical things , like cars , video games or even a microwave can be made better through an advertisement .
Going on a nice vacation with a relative and without a tour guide is the most relaxing vacation .
Traveling in a group has its postive and negative sides .
One of the negative sides is that people have to compromise to other people 's suggestions .
If a tourist travels alone or with a partner , they have the opportunity to go wherever they want and to do wantever they want .
To see a forgein country and its original culture , tourists have to step out of the box and leave the tour guide behind .
Going into a tiny village far away from tourism in which no tourists have been , is an adventure that speaks for itself .
Who want 's to see a place that has been seen by millions of other tourists ?
My family and I went to Kenya , South Africa , and visited the tiny villages along the river .
We were the only tourist they had seen in years .
We saw the `` real '' life they are living and realized how greatful we should be for a life like ours .
This experience shows that not only will a vacation be memorable by seeing the hotel pool and hotel buffet but also by doing something exciting - something out of the box .
Considering the statement , I have to admit that it depends on age wheather tourists choose to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
It would be more amusing and exciting for older people to join a group since they like the company of other older people .
Older people would also enjoy the freedom of letting somebody else do the work - like a tour guide - and relax and enjoy their vacation .

At the end , it is a personal choice rather people wants to travel alone , with a partner , or with a group .
Every choice has its positive and negative aspects .
According to a recent survey conducted in the colleges of India , maximum number of students have Mother Teresa , who believed `` Service to man kind is service to god '' as their role model .
This very clearly shows what the present day youth feels about their responsibilities in helping others .
The fact that students are organising public marathons like the great Mumbai marathon for social causes , relief funds can serve as clear evidences to refute that statement `` young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities '' .

Youth , infact are being creative and finding out new ways of solving the problems of the community .
For example , the idea of selling wrist bands , which have become a style statement , worth rupees ten for twenty five and using the profits for the rehabilitaion of AIDS affected shows the innovation and also the response with which the youth has accepted the idea .
The exposure to international culture , more awareness of the existing problems are driving the youth to think and work towards the solution .
The craving for a better and enriched life for everyone is the logo of many youth unions today .

Although , the present day requires to be more competitive at work place , studies or any field in general , youth have their priorities clear and they do have the schedule planned in which they have fixed time for their social work .
For example , I am an undergraduate student but i have my weekends to work for the organisation CRY , which is an organisation working to abolish child labour in the country .
Though i cannot call this two day work for my society enough , but I believe this definitely is no lesser than what previous generations used to do .

The present day youth is infact taking one step ahead .
There are a good number of students who have taken up social activity as their full time work , as a profession not to make money but only to serve the needy .
I , can strongly say that we , youth are giving our share of work for the society and will continue to do it so in future .
I agree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .

This is seriously observed in urbanised communities than in rural comunities .
The possible reason why young people nowadays spend less time in helping their communites could be their tight and hectic schedules .
The education system these days is really challenging the students .
It is not that easy to get through such a process of education because of the severe competition among the young students .
The students cannot afford to leave the education system responsibilites for the sake of community requirements .
if they dont concentrate much on their education they will have to regret at the poor grades they score and the poor performance they had given .
This would affect their future .
They would n't get enough or suitable employment opportunites .
Usually , a student with good educational qualifications get enough opportunities to lead their professional life satisfactorily .

The other possible reason could be the change of mindset of the students these days .
The present day students lack the quality of helping nature .
This could have been resulted from the severe competition from their counterparts .
So , students have turned selfish .
They dont show concern for the development of the fellow-student because of the fear that they might overtake .
For example , in a university there are limited number of seats .
Obviously all those who are aware of the fact keep it confidantial and do not show concern for others because of the fear that the university seats get exhausted .
A similar kind of attitude is more seriously observed among the employees of a company .
An employee is reluctant towards his co-employee or he doe n't show any concern to help him because of the fear that the opther person might overtake .
The reason for this kind of behaviour among the people is the lack of enough number of opportunities .

So , for all these reasons , the pesent day students neither concentrate much on community affairs nor contribute for the community welfare .
I agree to the statement `` Most advertisement make products seem much better than they really are '' .
In an advertisement such as commercials on TV 's and ad 's in magazines , it seem like it is a very attrative product and trying to get people 's attention by their first look .
The company will use backgroung and surroundings , unreal features and famous people to apeal their products .

When I was a little , I used to see commercials advertisement of barbie dolls all the time .
The commericials showed how You could do so many thing with the dolls and how much fun you can have with them .
There were music on the background and a perfect set that the girls played in .
I was absolutley attracted by the commerical and always asked for a new barbie doll .
But when I baught them , it might not move the way it moved in the TV and some of the features showed in the commercial did not come with the product .

Another way they are making the product look better , is by using special features .
For example , I once saw as TV show that showed how they created commercials for food products .
Usually they will not show the real food .
There are proffesionals who make food from clays and plastics to show more texture and better in looks .
They will use sprays to show coldness of drinks and steams to show how hot they are .
They can also create their commercial using computer graphics so that it can look better .

The usage of celebrities has an influence on the viewer also .
Even if the product is not as good as it looks , when it is held or presented by a famous celebrity , you might think that the product is attractive be convined in buying the product .

In an commercial or an advertisement , they will use the background , special features that is unreal , and celebrities to make the product to be apealing .
From these reasons I belive that most of the advertisement are making the pruducts look more attractive than it really is .
I totally agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .

Today , advertisements and marketing play more and more a decisive role in business world .
As the competition is considerable , the firms are obliged to sell theirs products .
Therefore , they have to create a brilliant advertisement convincing the customers and sometimes they invent advantages of theirs products which does n't exist .
In order to enhance the market position and to stay competitive , the firms try to present their product as an ideal product .
It is obvious that several customers are disappointed after having bought the product due to the fact that the product does n't fit to the features made in the advertisement .

The globalisation is certainly one of the reasons why the advertisements become more and more irrealistic .
The firms and the products are pressed to compete not only with firms of their own country or their continent but also with firms from all over the world .
The advertisements are distributed and shown in several countries so that the pressure increases .
The world is become one huge market .
Thus , one can even understand why the firms change the product features .

In this context , it is necessary to mention the role of marketing .
The budget of the marketing departments are in general very high .
For this reason , the firms are able to create sophisticated advertisements which comprise special effects and sometimes even coincide with films .
Because of the perfect advertisement , the customer could believe that the product is perfect .

Nevertheless , I think that the advertisements should reflect the real caracteristics of the products .
The firms should be fair and respect theirs customers by not making the products better than they reallz are .
Some people are of the opinion that the best way to travel is to take a trip by alone .
Such people tend to think that they feel more comfortable taking a travel alone as they do not have to follow the schedules and intentions of others .
In my opinion , however , the best way to travel is in a group by tour guide .
This essay will discuss the two key reasons to support my opinion in more detail below .

First , I am definitely of the opinion that it is best to take a trip in a group led by a tour guide .
The reason is that I can get a sense of security when traveling in a group .
For example , if I lose all of my money on the way to my travel by accident , I can ask somebody participating in the tour as well as the tour guide for help at any time .
That is to say , in case of emergency , I do not have to worry about financial problems during my trip .
Hence , I do believe it is much better and safer to take a trip in a gruop guided by a tour conductor .

Second , I do feel that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because it is more affordable to take part in package tours as a group .
Not only that , I can get more useful information about the places and sites which I am going to visit from the tour guide in more effecive ways .
On the other hand , it is really tiresome and troublesome for me to make my study plans such as the duration of my travel , where to stay , and making a list of places to viist on my own .

To conclude , all things stated above considered , I do feel the best way to take a trip is in a group led by a tour guide as it is more secure , financially affordable and more easy to get the more useful and enjoyable information regarding my trip .
The question askes to discuss the usage and the effect of advertisements on products .

First of all , my opinon about this question is that advertisements do change the point of view in terms of its quality or usage .
Many customers become manipulated in the way how a product is presented .

For example the store ALDI in Germany sells many different food products .
These products are not advertised at all and have no nice brandings and designs .
That makes them cheaper and many people buy these to save money and still get very good products .
These people are the minority of all customers in Germany .
Most of the people buy their food in great warehouses .
These markets use a lot of advertisements to offer their goods .
Even these goods come from the same production or have the same quality as goods from ALDI .
The people buy them because of the better style or the higher price .
Quality has it 's price they think .
In fact this shows that people trust more in the quality and taste of products if the advertisement tells that .
Another example are televison advertisements .
Usually there are nice-looking people acting to manipulate the spectator .
The spectator thinks he or she could be this human and gets more atractive if he or she buys the product .
The importance of the product is not important anymore .
To manipulate the customer and giving him the illusion life cannot continue without buying this product is a very common procedure nowadays .
Therefore many magazines offer testing reports on products of main interest .
They test each item and rank all of them afterwards in terms of quality or price .
Many people today do not buy electronic items before they have researched testing reports and comments from other people .
It is too unsafe for them to buy in an affect of a nice advertisement .
It is more important to get what is needed .
I completely agree with the statement that it is more important for a student to understand the concept , the idea behind what he is reading , than it is for him to learn facts .

I state that on the basis of two reasons :
1 ) understanding the concepts is the only way a student , and a person in general , has to help his mind not to forget .
2 ) it is implied that an idea , a concept , can be adapted to several other situations .
Concerning the first argument , there is no doubt that a lot of students today , maybe stressed by the exams and by the fixation to obtain the best grades , tend to learn a subject even without understanding it untill the end , I mean , without going behind the words and the mere facts .
It is not difficult to affirm that this is not the best approach to the studies , because it generally lead to forget in a short period of time whatever that person have learned .
On the contrary , according to me , only when a student manages to have clear , to catch the concept of the subject , of the different arguments , has reached his goal as a student and satisfied alle the efforts the teacher has made .
Everything that is well understand is unforgettable , and it is confirmed by my personal experience , considered that I was not a good student , in the sense I 'm supporting , until the beginning of the secondary school .
In fact , whatever I learned during these years is still present and clear on my mind .

Understanding the idea that is behind the mere facts has also a second advantage : the concept can be easily adapted , and in this sense we can say that it has a wider `` field of validity '' .
In fact , it results almost natural to think that a concept can be used even when the facts at its basis are completely changed .
And this is what all the students in theory should do : learning something already known , abstracting the concept that it contains and adapting it to facts and evidence that are still unknown !
The question whether to have a broad knowledge of many acedemics subjects OR to specialise in one specific subject is a very arguable and can lead to many a heated discussions .

In my opinion , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to just have expertice in one .

According to me , the practical value of a person increases when he know about various other subjects apart from his major .
This makes him a lot more versatile and flexible .
He can take care of a lot of things without external assistance and thus can prove to be an asset .

Moreover , in todays world , one has to be aware of a lot of things to make himself as well his family prosper .
For example , a doctor by profession has to have a basic knowledge of electricity and safely measures of electrical appliances to safely operate the appliances .
If he does not pay enough attention to this , and only be expert at his profession then he may unintentionally cause an accident .
Also for example , a Chartered Accountant needs to know the basics of first aid in order to administer the same when the need arises .
In the same way a Contruction Worker needs to know the basics of taxation where he can save a dollar more .
Hence for a comfortable living in todays world , one needs to have a practical knowledge of a variety of subjects .

Seeing in the practical aspect , this opinion is reflected in the corporate world also .
We dont have a lot of experts of scientific or civil fields .
The reason for this is the amount of extra effort that they have to put in to become an expert .
To further explain this , the time when a student starts learning the contents of a subject , I believe , he is not mature enough to decide whether this is what he actually wants to expertise in .
He is unaware of the other subjects and possibilities that lay ahead in them .
For making a sound decision , one has to spend some time in knowing the subjects and then deciding .
In we take this approach practically then , by the time a student gets aquainted to all the subjects his learning time has lapsed biologically and he thus becomes Jack of All but master of none .
But there are a few exeptional ones who do pursue specialised education and become specialists in their fields .

Hence I feel that , the choice should afterall be of the student to decide between Master or Jack .
But given a choice , I would prefer to be a Jack rather than a master .
I think that the best way to travel is with someone who knows what they are talking about .
When you travel , the main point is to learn from this new place and its culture .
If one is to go by themselves then how is one learning , if the point of a trip is to learn and see ?
Of course , a guide may not be much fun at times but there are trips where you have time off to do your own thing and have fun .

When one goes on a trip , one does not know all the main things that are available .
Since it is a new place one does not know where the best food is , or where the best stores are , or even where the most importand and beautiful places are .
If this happens how will the trip be any fun at all ?
What if you go to the wrong place to eat .
It may be an adventure but not a necessary sacrifice for what is supposed to be a fun travel .
A guide 's job is to teach the turist about the place they are visiting and give them a brief description of the place .
A tour guide is an expert in this which means that one will get the right information .

Traveling with a group of people is not only fun but beneficial since the discovering can be greater with more people putting their thoughts in the discovery .
It is true that starting from scratch may give a more detailed and comprehensive idea of the place , but this is not something that is done in a short amount of time which is why having a tour guide is much easier .
The group will learn together and the tour guide will teach what is necessary and in the free time offered one can ask the guide for places that are known are save and where one can make small personal impressions about the place being visited .

Traveling with a group led by a tour guide is very beneficial .
The tour guide is an expert who knows what he or she is talking about .
The tour guide will give all the necessary and most important information about the place being visited .
The group would make the trip a fun travel because one gets to meet people and have fun with learning at the same time .
Basically , I do agree with the satatement that the best way to travel is to be in a group with a good tour guide .
It is commonly said that , even if you get old remain young at heart .
This is because young enjoys every bit of life , when they are working , playing , partying or even when they are wasting their time .
Youth represents eneregy , flow , ability to work hard and party harder .
Therefore , I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

At young age , people have dreams , aims , hopes and ability to fulfill their dream .
This encourage them continously to work hard and acheive their goal .
At young age , they enjoy this hard work .
while older people do it for its sake .
For them , it is routine and nothing inspiring is left in doing those thing .
They are just cutting the time .

At the time of party , youth enjoys it even harder , as it is the outcome of their hard work .
They tend to flirt , dance , drive , eat and drink .
This gives them an complete experience , which the old can never enjoy .
Being old , you cannot flirt or dance , and limitations come on eating and drinking due to health problems .
Also , they are in continous tensions , for variety of reasons .
This make their life boring .

At young age , you have friends of various interests .
This helps you to take part in each and every game .
You can go for rock climbing , sea diving , underwater swimming , Formula racing and even to various other sporting events .
But as you grow old , your stamina decreases , you are sorrounded by various illness , energy level has decreased a lot .
All this factors lead you to keep out of such sporting events .

In my country , people are always thinking of other 's view and opinion .
This inhibits their desire to break all the rules and become young once again .
Wheras young do n't give a penny to such things .
They enjoy life in full stretch .
They do not care for other 's opinion and do as they want , which is also a prerequisite of enjoyment .

There is also othet part of coin .
Young people want to live life happily , without a break .
So , if something unwanted happen , they get depressed very easily .
At this stage , youth require experience of older people to fight this depression .
If the young learn to avoid depression and understands thats up and downs are part of life they can easily come over any situation and enjoy life non stop .

Thus , it can be easily concluded that , if you want to enjoy life you have to become young again .
It is not that older people do n't enjoy but when they enjoy we seldom says that they had return to their young age .

This is enough to say that young people enjoy a lot .
Many people think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide and many do n't .
Both types of travelling have their advantages and their disadvantages .

When you are travelling in a group , you have the advantage , that you do n't need to plan your trip exactly .
You can just follow the tour guide and let him think about which places you are going to visit .
Like this you can see many beautiful places , which you have n't known before .
The only problem you can have is , if you like to visit an other place , which the tour guide did n't plan before , you can not always do it , because you have to follow the guide 's instructions .

Also , when you travel with a guide , you can get information about places and buildings you are visiting very easily .
You do n't have to read in a book and look for the intresting information .
A tour guide can give you information very fast and knows the intresting details .
Travelling in a group , you can also meet new people , make friends and spend time together on your trip .
So , you are never travelling alone .

But when you travel without a guide , you can also have fun .
First you should organize your trip .
For some people this can already be very excited .
They buy books about places where they like to go .
They can choose by their own , which churches , which other buildings and tourist attractions they want to see .
And when they arrive there , they already know something about the place they are visiting .
When you are travelling by your own , you can also change your plans .
If you like a place you are visiting and you want to stay there for a longer time that you have planned , you can do that and you do n't need to follow the group you are travelling with .

I personally prefer to travel without a tour guide .
I like to plan my trip by my own and I do n't like to follow the whole time the guide and a group I possibly do n't like .
Human beings always want to learn more , and gain more knowledge .
Knowledge is a very broad and complex in relation to the human brain .
People may like to learn about everything they can lay thier hands on , but when does it stop ?
When do we draw the line to where we should stop gaining any new knowledge ?
Should we even consider stopping ?

Gaining a better knowledge of many subjects may be very usefull in a way , because it shows that a person has a very broad understanding of subjects .
The human brain can only take on so much knowledge .
When learning about a large amount of subjects , human beings may neglect the specific facts and the little details because of the extensive amount of knowledge that people are not able to process fully .

The human mind is a very powerfull tool , but it is impossible to learn about so many academic subjects .
Considering how short a human being 's lifespan is .
Having a broad knowledge of subjects can help society in many ways , it also strengthens the mind because it is always processing information .

Eventhough having a broad knowledge of subjects is usefull , the world still needs human beings that are able to specialize in one specific subject .
Human beings that do no neglect the specific detail in that subject .
This broad amount of knowledge in one subject is needed to be able to excell in that area of study and to be able to invent new elements in that area of study that can help mankind in the future .
People that specialize in one subject can ussually expand a field of study more effectively then people that have a broad amount of knowledge of many academic subjects .

It is always usefull to gain as much knowledge as one can get , but because of the limited focus on details , it can be extremly hard to expand in any subject .
That is why people need to work together in focusing and specializing in different fields of study to be able to excell and help society as a whole .
As a student majoring in bussiness management , i definitely know how important advertisement is in selling a product .
However , this does not mean that advertisement increases the purchase in a right way .
For example , it is not allways possible to find a product in the way that you saw in the advertisements , many times we find it worse than we thought .
Thus is because the manufacturers tend to show products ' properties better than they actually are .

First of all , it is common that most firms deceive people about the function of the product .
They try to show that their products serve extreme performance .
A very good example of this is slimming products , such as diet products .
I want to express something that happened to me recently .
In the television i saw the advertisement of a new product called `` diet patch '' .
It was stated in the advertising that after a person uses diet patch she would not feel hungry .
Consequently , she would lose 5 kilos in two weeks .
As soon as i saw this advertisement , i bought this product and started using it immediately .
After two weeks , while dreaming of loosing five kilos , i could lose only one an half kilos although i did all the things that were said in the instructions including the diet .

Secondly , in order to make customers buy their products , most of the firms demonstrate the appearence of the product extremely better than they actually are .
The most common example of this is the advertisements that are related to summer holidays such as tour organizations or hotels .
Last year we wanted to go to a hotel for our summer holiday .
Thus , we searched the newspapers and among various hotels we decided to go to a hotel which has 2 swimming pools .
The picture in the newspaper was so lovely that we could not think of any other hotel .
But , after we went to the hotel it was a muddy pool .

Finally , in order to pursue the customers the firms make advertisements that show their products better in ways such as changing its fuctions and its appearance .
I agree with the statement that there might be less number of cars in the future than they are in the present .

Firstly , I think global warming will play a major role in revising the transport modalities of the people .
Climate changes being reported by various environmental authorities are forcing people to think about the future .
Already lot of fuel effiecient cars are coming into the market and also cars which are using alternative fuels other than petrol which have less harmful emissions .
If research goes on in the same direction cars may be replaced with some other alternatives .

Secondly , growing population in the urban and rural areas and the number of people driving vehicles has become unregulated in many countries like india .
Narrow roads , traffic blocks especially during the rush hours is forcing people to use mass transport .
People are looking for alternative means of transport as they cannot afford to be late to work .
In twenty years time things might become worse and cars might not have anymore place on roads .

Thirdly , The growing costs of fuel day by day is making people think each time they drive a car .
In the future resouses might not be sufficient enough to meet the demands of growing vehicles .
In the past , people used bicycles , horses , etc as means of transport .
Now science and technology have led to the invention of cars , buses , aeroplanes etc according to the needs and supply of the present generation .
Where there is a need or demand for a particular commodity in the market , there will always be a supply .
As the demand comes down , manufactures might stop supplying cars but may shift to newer inventions .

People in the present are definitely relying more on cars and newer models and also the number of cars are increasing day by day .
Fuel efficient and environment friendly vehicles like hybrid cars might still have a place on the roads .
But in the future things might change .
Attitudes of people might change according to circumstances and changing times .
Growing stress levels , unsafety , accidents etc might be factors which might force cars out of roads .
Mass transport might play a pivotal role in the coming generations .
Advertising is a subject which often undergoes critics , in particular on television .
It usually tends to make products seem very good or efficient , but actually most of the times they just look better than they really are .
Food , for example , always appears tasty and worthy to be proved , but when you cook it , it sometimes does not reach the result you expected .

Advertising should be recognizable and should not make people act unproperly , but what is more important is that one of its basic principles is reliability .
Once it lacks this aspect , it cannot be considered in a good way .

The main problem connected with this issue is that people usually trust advertisements and so buy the products which are proposed by them .
This is an unnecessary waste of money , those who work in this field should be aware of .

The development of technology allows more and more ways of sponsoring goods , so that advertisements are more and more attractive , but at the same time they are also more and more tricky .

In my opinion , people should always look at advertising in a critic way , without being fascinated by all the strategies advertisers use .
The cases in which the cunsumers are either satisfied or reimbursed are the best way of testing if a product is good ot not .
I think all producers should use this method in their promotion campaignes , or otherwise they should rely on advertisers who really want to exalt the caracteristic of a product , instead of showing their abilities with technology .

Advertising is very important and also the expectations of the consumers , which therefore shoul not be misunderstood and miste
I agree with the statement that `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' .
The reasons that make me feel so are as follows : Firstly , having a broader knowledge in many subjects helps us a lot in our everyday activities .
After all , the subjects we learn are useless unless we know how and where to apply them .
We come accross many aspects in our day to day life where in the need for application of knowledge we gained arises .
People who have specialized knowledge in one subject will not be able to apply it frequently as the issues would n't always involve the same problems regarding the same subject .

We can share our knowledge with many others if we have an idea of all the subjects .
One can involve himself in a discussion among a group of people if he knows few important points about the topic or the subject .
People with specialized knowledge are always less in number considering the fact that there are many subjects and different people may specialize in different subjects .
Discussions often lead to important revelations that one would be unaware of before that .
This is not possible usually when the person has specialized knowledge as it would be very difficult for such a person to find a similar person with the same specialization to involve himself in a discussion with .

Another important advantege for people with broader knowledge of many subjects is that they would be able to think in many ways , in different directions .
These people have greater domain knowledge than those with specialized knowledge whose thinking abilities would be restricted .
People come to conclusions and solve the different problems they face based on what they see , hear and learn .
Their thought would be provoked higher if the domain on which it is based is large .
Hence , people with specialized knowledge have their thinking confined to fewer areas than those with broader knowledge , though not complete and specialized .

The points made above are the reasons on which my decision to agree with the given statement lies upon .
Practical application of knowledge and way of thinking are two important areas which are to be concentrated on .
When these two issues are considered , along with many others , broader knowledge is recomended as it provides the person with opportunities for further development .
Knowledge is the key to success , is a saying which goes a long way .
Without knowledge we as humans are incomplete and not worth much .
Its knowledge which seperates a fool from a learned .
The most important form of knowledge in today 's world is academic knowledge .
Academis knowledge is what one needs today to make a stand in society .
Without academic knowledge one cannot go far in life .

I am personaly of the opinion that a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in just one subject .
With the fast changing world its better to have broader perspectives and that includes broader knowledge in academic subjects .
I feel this way because in today 's fast changing and ever evolving world its better to have knowledge about more subjects that to be restricted to specific knowledge in just one subject .

Academic knowledge helps us choose the career we wish to pursue in life .
If we are versed with various types of subjects our choices are vast .
We are not limited to a particular subject and the few options available with it .
We have a kaliedoscope of choices to choose from since we are better equipped with more information about various subjects .
We have it in our hands to choose from those subjects which we were able to cope with or find interesting or feel an aptitude for .
Therby if we just specialise in a single academic subject we are limiting our own selves restricting our very own choices .

We also have the advantage that at any stage when we feel that a particular subject that we studied cannot be continued as a profession we can always fall back upon the other subjects we had studied and then adapt ourselves to our new career accordingly .
To know whats best for us we have to have knowledge about more than one subject .
Only if we study a subject will we know if we are mede for it or not or if we can apply it to our future or not .

And lastly i would like to mention that knowledge of every kind is useful .
The more you know the better equipped you are .
The variety of subjects you study the more aware you become and it hepls you improve and grow as a person .
If you stick to one particular subject it becomes monotonous and you tend to stagnate .
For a balanced overall development and approach toward life one needs to be oriented with a variety of subjects .
And therby i would like to end by saying that academic knowledge should always be welcome in variety and abundance and not restricted to a particular subject because the day the mind stops learning and gaining knowlegdge , it stops being alive .
I will begin my essay by saying that I agree with this statement , and then I will go on in explaining why I feel this way .
Based on my own experience as a student , the most rewarding knowledge is the one that is cultivated by hard work , and understanding of the great ideas that are behind the facts that are exposed to us .

From what I can remember , the things that I consider I have really learned in my life as a student are those that came from the process of trying to understand the logic and the dynamic of the problem I was challenged to study , as opposed to those things that I tried to learned by memorizing dates , names and places .

If anything , the only time when I have really come to learn and acknowledge important dates and names in a relevant process in history , it is because I have taken the time to understand the logic of the historical sequence , so that I can place the events according to the ideas and concepts that are behind each episode in history .

Those students that learn only facts with nothing behind them , will sure be forgetting what they learned within a month , because the learning process did n't come form understanding the importance of those facts in an specific situation .
The learning process , in the case of those students , came from the need to be passing through the courses , tests , and exams , without knowing if the things they were asked to know were importante in their lifes , or their carrers .

Aside from that , I believe that ideas and concepts are tools that students have for their ongoing studies , and also for life .
Once a person has studied a concept , and has struggled with the logic of it , and has finally succeded into understanding it , that concept will last on in their minds forever as a tool to understand other processes , or other concepts .

It is because of those reasons that I believe that true knowledge comes from understanding ideas and concepts , rather than from learning facts .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
This is extremely true in our modern day because the competition in the market is so high that businesses are willing to do anything to sell their products .

I agree with this statement because I personally have bought many things based on their advertisements but was shocked later on by what I bought .
This is a successful way to make the consumer loose trust in the producing company because when cheat and deceit come into the issue there is no way a person can depend on the seller .
The market is full of other options so the buyer is not limited to this specific place especially after being treated unrespectfully .

I , personally , have an issue with trust and when I put my trust into something I expect to get what I ask for with honesty and purity .
As soon as I realize that I have been tricked then that is the last time I buy anything from that place .
I do not think that I am the only one that thinks this way because if someone is willing to put their money into something than this thing better be worth it .
Whenever money is involved the topic becomes more sensitive because money is something that people work hard to try to earn and they will never just blow it away on something useless , unless they have a lot of it , then thats a different story .

On the other side , though , the purpose of advertising anything is to make it more appealing to the people and by giving it a little `` push '' of superiority makes it attract more people .
So you ca n't really take it against them because that is their goal .
Although there is a difference between tricking someone into something and convincing them that this is the best product .
If a person is deceived into buying something than he is n't very happy especially if this thing was not really worth its price .
But if a person has satisfaction from what he bought because he was convinced and appealed by it then he will not realize any defaults in the product because of his over joy with it .

This issue can be argued in two different perspectives and I do n't nessecarily think that any of these two points are wrong because they are both legitimate .
My stand on this issue is that I do n't mind being convinced into something but I would never tolerate being tricked into it .
Faking something and misleading someone is the worst thing to me and I seriously would NEVER put up with it .
I strongly disagree with the statement that young people are not having time to help their communities .
We can see many concerts coming up that are managed or coducted by young people for a great cause like below .
They strive hard to help by rasing funds .
For example , take our community we have all together three clubs for helping them ; home for the aged , home for the blind , and orphanage .
These clubs are found by all young people with the help of local authorities around our community .

Firstly , home for the aged was found in May 21 , 2003 .
In this we have 34 club members who not only help the activies of daily living for the aged , but also work partime to help them financially .
They also help them by giving moral support which they are not getting for their children by listening to their agony .

Secondly , home for the blind was found in December 1 , 2004 .
This is a very talented club filled with teachers and musicians .
In this club , we have all together 25 members who help them in many ways .
They teach the blind how to read their notes and help them in palying musical instruments .
They not only help them educating but make them feel the nature by explaning through their eyes .

Thirdly , home for orphans .
This is also a very smart and talented club .
It has around 18 members .
These people go on streets and search for orphans who are child labors , sleep on pavements , railways , bus stands , etc .
They help them to get admitted in some school by recommedations for the local authorities .
They not onlyh do this they educate by helping them in their homeworks .
In our community , we are going to start a new foundation soon .

They do not do this as a pass time or pleasure .
They do with real concern .
If they are not concerned about this , I do not think there is a need for them to do part time jobs , conducting concerts , take help from the local leaders to get charity , etc .
This example shows how young people are spending their time to help the society and spreading awarness to others .
Nowadays , you can find many people who have an amazing amount of knowledge .
But some people seem to be an expert on every subject .
It appears to be that not many people really know something about a certain subject , but without real experts , our industrial word would not work .

Experts are obviously needed to receive true and exact information about a theme .
But if you want to know , for instance , something about a complex problem in the process of a DNA syntheses , you need someone who learned about that all his studying time !
To avoid misunderstandings of very popular themes , like Biotechnique , you need to have clear and verifyed information .
If everybody knows a little bit , this puzzle will not end up in a clear picture , but in chaos of incomplete or even wrong information .

But , of course , experts are needed in the industry to create an effective team .
For example , to build a house , you need a mathematics expert , a resources expert and so on .
They all match together to a perfect team , which now is able to create new ideas , which work .
Maybe the head of the team could be someone with a broader knowledge , but , however , his function in the team is to be an expert of organisation .

I am aware of the problem , that if someone is an expert of a certain subject , but does not know anything of the rest of the world , it can come to problems , even dangerous ones .
If a doctor does not know anything about politics and the democratic system we live in , he/she could make dramatically wrong decisions .
He/She would not understand the values and the social environemet we live in .

To prevent that , a state needs very good schools , which every citzin has to go to , while he is a child and a young man/woman .
This school should teach him/her all the neccessary basic knowledge .

Concluding , I would say , that our world urgently needs experts , who know about their subject very well , in order to accomplish all tasks our society comes up with .
Good grammar schools must garranty that every citzin understands the basic structure of our society .
During the ` 70s Vance Packard sustained that advertisements is fake , is something that persuades every single customer and make him/her buy a product even if he/she does n't need it or is not interested in .

Anyway we have to highlight the date written above : we are talking about the 70s , far and far away and moreover we have to consider the critical economical situation of that time .
That 's way I firmly disagree with the ones who think like Packard did .

Just few people study advertising and its world and that 's the reason why they do n't know how advertising works in reality .
It works just because many studies have been done from different disciplines like pscichology or sociology to understand the customer deeper .
The customers knowledge help people , who have to communicate a product or an idea , to reach the target needs and desires .
Nothing more .

There is a new customer in the society , someone who just buy what he/she need or really want , is an active person who doesn ' let the advertisement decide for him/her .

The buyier has become more critical to this kind of communication and more to the one broadcast through television .
It ' s also important to keep in mind that this job has strict rules and a deontological ethic like other professions .
Subliminal advertisement is not allowed at all , it 's consider illegal in most of the countries .

Even if I appreciate advertisement , I have to say that sometimes some companies try to make the product more interesting to us but than Ialso have to remind that we still have a great power of decision making .

If only people known how advertisement really works , I 'm sure they will appreciate as I do .
It 's not as dangerous as is thought .
Everything still depends on us .
You can buy something only if you want to .
I disagree with the statement that is best to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
When you travel with groups and guides there are only predetermined places you can go to , and also spend a precise amount of time in each activity .
These are the main reasons why I prefer to travel on my own .

I think that if you travel by yourself , you are not subject to a specific schedule , also you can organize yourself in a more convenient way .
Sometimes you feel like staying in the hotel and rest or do something totally different than the rest of the group .
Also it can happen that you do not get a great and cheerful group of people and that can contribute to some tension among travelers .

Several years ago , I went to Brazil in a tour with several friends , and ofcourse , we thought that having a tour guide would be the best thing to do .
Initially was o.k. , but at the end became a nightmare because we wanted to do other things that were not part of the guided tour routine .
For example , we wanted to go to Buzios , a small town with amazing beaches and a lot of natural sites to visit .
Unfortunately , and because the tour guide refused to take us there , we were not able to visit Buzios .

Some nights we also felt like going to different and more exiting places or stay longer at others , but , we were reminded of the policies in place .
Guided tours are very restrictive , and because of this and other experiences I have had in the past , I believe that traveling on your own is the best move .
I agree to this statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they know how to do well .
A person who is successful is successful because they have worked hard on something that made them successful .
And being successful also allows you to do different things instead of focusing on one thing because you have that extra time to think about other things .
Trying out different things and taking risks kind of goes together .
If you are trying out something new , you are taking the risk of trying something you have never done before .

Everyone in the world wants to be successful , but everyone has their own opinion on what being successful is like .
Some that it 's money , some say it 's power , and some say it 's having a good life .
But the main question is , what qualifies you to be successful ?
In order to be successful , you have to work hard .
You ca n't just sit around and wait for success to come to you .
You have to act in order to be successful .
For instance , succeeding in life usually involves education .
If you work hard and study really hard in college , or school , there 's a higher chance for you to be successful than the others who did n't try hard .
So in order to be successful , you have to work hard .

When you are being successful , you have the time to try out different things .
You have the spare time to try other things , so you keep trying different things .
After you try numbers of different things , you want to succeed in more things .
It 's kind of like an addiction .
For instance , a successful mathmatician might want to increase his range of what he can do , so he might raise the hurdle a little and memorise the first 100 digits of pi .
After doing that , he might move on to 200 , then 300 , then 400 , and so on .
A successful person does n't try different things .
A person trying different things become more and more successful .

If you are trying out different things , you are also taking a risk as well .
You are taking the risk of being afraid , and fighting with yourself .
Because everyone is scared to do things their first time .
Think back to the first time you rode a bike .
You were scared that you were going to fall , so you had training wheels .
But after you got used to that , you tried something new and took the risk of taking the training wheels off .
This is the fist step in trying out something new .
In order to try out something new , you have to take the risk of improving what you can already do .
This gives you more experiences in life making you a stronger and more successful person .

As mentioned above , being successful is about working hard , and achieving goals .
But in order to do this , you have to try out different things instead of focusing on one thing .
And finally , taking a risk and not being afraid of what 's to come are inportant factors in order to be successful .
Again , a successful person does n't try different things .
A person trying different things become more and more successful .
There are many modes of transportation avaliable to the modern person such as planes , ships , boats , buses , trains , the underground metro , but cars remain the primary mode of transportation for many people who are commuting everday in urban and subarben areas .
I disagree with the previous statment that says that car use will decrease , for I believe that with time , the amount of cars in use will continue to increase .

Firstly , the population inhibiting the earth continues to grow year by year .
These people will evidently need to move from one place to another and therefore find the purchasing and use of a car as a good solution .
We also find that the average consumer may buy more than one car , for they can afford it .
If you are ever stuck in a traffic jam , you can plainly see the amount of cars out there is increasing .
Looking closely , you will also find that these traffic jams are getting worse every year .

Secondly , the more people there are , the greater the demand for cars , and this will lead to an increase in production of cars .
We can plainly see that the manucaturing of cars has not decreased but is increasing year by year .
Infact , this is a very competitve market with a varity of products aimed at different consumers .
From the busy soccar mom , needing a large and reliable car , to the rich business man ready to cruise in his expensive European car .
This market , is infact getting larger since the time of Ford Model-T , and will contine to grow with new designes produced every year .

Thirdly , there are many countries currently trying to enter this ever expaninf market .
For example , there are many Chinese cars infiltrating the market and this is a new advancement never seen before .
There are also countries that manuacture car parts , such as Moracco , and this production is likewise increasing .

It is apparent that the production and use of cars will continue to increase year by year .
Unless these are new techonlogical advancements that can replace cars and are cost effective , thus avalible to the average consumer , we can be sure that cars will not decrease in number any time soon .
Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people are more active , they do n't have to worry about aging , and young people would more likely to have more goals .

Firstly , Young people are more active .
For example , young people is more likely to have many things that interest them and they are willing to learn new things .
They can travel to other countries with other friends .
They can help out each other to overcome difficulties .
That is the most fun part .
In addition , young people are more likely to hang around more .

Secondly , Young people do n't have to worry about aging .
For example , an old people have to worry about lossing their youth .
Young people will only enjoy and they are not more likely to worry about lossing youth than older people .
For example , my cousin is always worry about her youth .
She is scared to turn into 40's .

Thirdly , young people are more likely to have more goals such as getting luxuries , cars or good professions .
For instance , my young sister has a goal of getting straight `` A '' s in her class .
She told me that she enjoys her life because she has a goal to achieve .
On the other hand , my mom told me that she ca n't enjoy her life as much as when she was young .
The main reason is that young people are more likely to have more goals than the older ones and the `` goal '' plays main part enjoying life .

To conclude , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Firstly , young people are more active .
Secondly , they do n't worry about aging .
Lastly , young people are more likely to have more goals .
Once the time passes , it never returns .
I have to admit that concepts and ideas are often neglected next to all the facts that students have to learn .
History lessons are a good example .
If you know all the dates , names and places that does not mean that you have understood the complex interaction of causes , consequences and motivations .
Sometimes it is not even necessary to know exactly on which day or where something happend .
Important is THAT it happened .
What led to it and its impact on the future may be of much greater interest than its exact date .
Is it not much more important what Einstein discovered than knowing on what day he was born ?
Is it not more important to know that his invention led to the nuclear bomb than to know the place where he was born ?

Of course , without facts nothing works .
You could not teach history without dates , names and places .
You could not explain any concept or idea without the facts that it bases on .
Facts are the foundation to any thinking beyond .
You can only understand why Einstein gave his idea to the americans if you know the fact that he was a jew .

That is why I think that there should be a balance between facts and more .
Students should get those facts that are necessary to understand the concept .
In my eyes they are both equally important .
One without the other is nothing .
If you know all the elements of a computer you still cannot put them together correctly .
If you possess the instruction but do not have all the elements it does not work either .
And even if you have both it is not easy .
But if someone explains it to you you might succeed .
This is what teachers should do .
They should give students the facts , some material about how to understand them and explain the big connections .

I do not think that ideas and concepts are more important than facts , each is important in its own way .
Ideas and concepts are based on facts .
Students should learn both to be prepared for life .
Some people think say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide with a strick schedule .
While this might be true in some circumstances , it is better to travel with a few close friends without a strict schedule .
Traveling with a few close friends without a specific schedule or route allows people to truely experince a place with a constant sense of excitement and exploration .

When traveling with a large group with a tour guide .
The tour guide usually lay out a planned route and informs poeple where the next stop is .
This takes the fun of exploration out of traveling .
Traveling is about seeing new things and explore a place without a person spoon-feeding you of the information about the place .
Different people want to visit different places , because of repective tastes .
Artists might typically visit a museum of natural science , while an archeologist might not be interested in visiting a modern art exhibition .
However , in a large group with a tour guide , there is no freedom to explore a place and skip tourist sites by one 's own will .
Everyone WILL see what everyone else sees .
There is no skipping or revisiting of any particular sites .
Such trips will rarely satisfy any members of the traveling group completely .

However , traveling with a tour guide might prove to be convenient sometimes .
In a foreign country , where the people speak a different language from yours , having a tour guide can save you valuable time and energy asking for directions or prices of items .
The tour guide will help you bypass the frustration of language barrier , since he/she knows the language .
Conversely , hiring a tour guide cost much money .
Without a tour guide , you can travel with more money to spend on hotel and food during the trip .

Traveling in a large group and tour guide can help you safe time and much frustration in a foreign country , which does not use your native language .
However , having a tour guide is expensive , and traveling in a large group ruins the fun of exploring a new place with complete freedom .
If the travelers in a trip are rushed like cattles , grazing past many sites superficially without satisfying anyone 's need in the group , then the trip is not a fulfilling one .
Therefore , such trips should be avoided ( or experienced by just reading internet articles ) .
My job brings me to different parts of the world all the time , and every day of my life I see young and old people enjoy their life in different ways .

Who enjoys better ?
Young or old people ?

I would start saying that young people have an advantage over older people .
They have more energy to spend and , apparently , they never get tired .
This energy makes them to do a lot of things , for example staying up late at night , going to different parties all the time , sleep as less as possible , drink and have fun constantly .

Young people , though , do not have one direction to follow ; they move in all directions .
I see them sometime rushing into things .
For example , I used to have a friend that never had a moment to spend togheter with me because he had to go to so many parties that he did not have time for me anymore : that 's something that I do not agree .

Having fun all the time seems to be the main topic for young people ; they do not have a clear goal in their minds for the future and sometime this can lead to a disaster .

Going to party , drinking and maybe smoking looks like a good deal at the beginning , but in the long term it can ruin your life .
I had another friend that unfortunately died because he was having too much fun ; he was totally drunk after a party that , unfortunately , died in a car crash while driving home .

From the other side we have old people that have different ways to have fun .
Let 's start saying that old people , usually , have less energy than young people .
They take life at a slower pace and that 's why I believe they can enjoy better what they do .
Take , for example , an old couple in an island in the Bahamas ; they can relax all day just watching the beach at the sea and that 's all .
A young couple , in the same situation , would wanted to do something : snorkeling , fishing , etc ..
They enjoy the same situation but into 2 different ways .
Still both couple have fun .

I consider myself still young but with some experience so , I start thinking to have fun like a young crazy teenager but , when I start , I slow myself down and really enjoy every moment in what I am doing .

No matter if you are young or old , I think that having fun is part of our daily routine to enjoy our life in this world .
Is it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , or to have a more specific subject specialization ?

First , I think that this question is quite difficult .
In fact , in France we use to have plenty of different courses , therefore as we come at the age of about twenty , it appears to be a good thing .
That is to say , I got a basic knowledge on a lot of different things , and I am capable to understand basic problems or discusions , for instance on radio .
And I feel glad of it .

But , of course , a broad knowledge has also got drawbacks .
Actually when I was a child , I thought it was a wast of time learning how human beings descovered fire , how DNA functions .
It is hard to interest somebody in a subject that is not its cup of tea .
Thereas a specific learning can really be a good way of catching attention .
Thus students , that just focuse on a specific problem , are really aware of it , and when time comes for them to work , they are efficient .
I think that a reason of the American power , and the fact that often American searches recieve the Nobel price .

However , I believe that a good balance between a specific topic and a broad culture is the best .
In France we generaly agree that Americans do not even know where Europe stands .
I think it certainly is a prejudice , but It reviels may be that we cannot just consider a single subject whitout considerating the world in which we all are .

To conclude , I would say that a balance policy in teaching is almost impossible to find , but I do trust that both a broad view of the world suroundings us and a specific culture are a wounderful utopia .
Recently , many students try to find an effective and efficient way to study , but they are always confused by the dilema : Understanding ideas is the first priority or learning facts is more important ?
From my point of view , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts other than learning facts .
And this can be fully explained from three aspects : First , nowdays people have more access to those facts so they do n't have to memorize them ; Second , Understanding is more essential to help student to be more adaptable ; Third , understanding helps students to develop creativity , which is the key force in this technology world .

First of all , facts are easy to be found .
Nowadays people have a variety of ways to acquire data and information .
Books , magazines , Internet , video tapes are all the powerful resources which help students to learn facts .
For example , a student can easily get what happened in Canada in 1870 from the internet , He or she just simply type : `` What happened in Canada in 1870 '' , he or she can get thousands of ariticles and tests which are related to the topic .
Moveover , the informaiton is saftely saved and preserved from all those medias mentioned before , so what is the point to try to memorize all the terms and fact ?
It is a waste of time obviously .

Second , Understanding is more important to get ideas .
It is better to teach a man fishing skills other than just give him fishes everyday .
For example , if you just memorize `` 1 + 1 = 2 , 1 + 2 = 3 , 1 + 3 = 4 ... `` but do n't know really understand the concept of the rule of addition , next time I give you a question `` 1 + 100 = ? '' , you still do n't know how to do it .
On the other hand , if you know the rule of addition , that 's much enough .
You do n't have to memorize any facts such as `` 1 + 56 = 57 '' , you can do any addition questions .
That simple .

Last but not least , understanding helps students to be more creative .
As we know , this is a technology era , creativity seems more important than just accepting .
In order to understand , a student has to push himself thinking in a deep level , which helps to develop logical thinking and critical thinking skills .
The more a person thinks , the more knowledgable he or she tend to be .
Hence , he or she will understand more and be more creative .
This is simply because they can apply what they have learned and understanded into different situation .

In conclusion , learning facts is simple and brutal while understanding is deep and essential .
Understanding ideas can let students be more knowlegable and creative while passively accepting and memorizing facts is just a waste of time .
So it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
The beauty of flower is time .
And so , if we as a community do not use our time appropriately , we will dramatically suffer , especially young people .
The major problem arises today and it is that young people nowadays do not give sufficient time to help in contributing their communities .
Unfortunately , they spend much of their time on futile and fruitless things , such as watching television for hours , surfing on restricted sites on the Internet , and spending less time on reading beneficial and andvantageous stuff .

Unquestionably , most dwellings today contain at least one television set .
The problem is that young people do not benefit from televisions nowadays , where instead of watching useful stuff , such as ` The Discovery Chanel ' or ` Animal Planet ' , they tend to watch things that are noxious and ` brain washers ' .
Without a doubt televesions today are considered ` like a white elephant ' .

Young people nowadays need to contribute harder and use the Internet more efficiently .
I am sure that there are abundance amount of people in this world use Internet unwisely by watching porn and bad things on the Internet .
My point here is that the Internet is a colossal source of information and many young people look at it on the decietful way , which is really depressing and exasperating .

I strongly agree that much time should be spent on reading rather that watching television .
And that is because reading makes the person more productice by giving him crucial and pivotal information about many things in life .
Moreover , reading is exceedingly useful for the brain , as it makes it more active and vivacious .

In the long run , I strongly agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
And neccessary action should be taken for the whole community to make an end to this unwanted crisis .
I agree with the statement that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
My reasons for this are three folds .

Firstly , in my opinion , ideas and facts are broder termsthan facts .
Therefore , when a student learns about ideas and concepts she \ he may also have the chance to see the facts behind them .
However , if a student only learns about a fact , he \ she would not be able use this fact when necessary .
This would be mainly because of the inability of the student to make this fact concrete in her \ his mind because of lack of ideas and concepts related with this fact .

Secondly , learning a fact alone would not probably take the attention of the student very much .
However , in oder to motivate students to learn more about their fields of studies , the topics of their studies should be interesting .
Most probably an interesting lesson would help students to be more willing and more motivated to make further research and investigation about that topic .
In that way , understanding ideas and concepts rather than merely learning facts would help students to develop themselves as well .

Thirdly , to my point of view , understanding ideas and concepts make students more creative .
If they undertand ideas and concepts about a topic \ then they can apply them into their lives .
For example , they can develope new theories .
which can also make contributions to their fields of studies .
Being creative is a very important aspect and of an education system .
Due to that reason , understanding ideas and concepts would be critiical in the personal development of a student .

Ultimately , for all of the reasons I have mentioned above , it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I very much agree with the statement .
Research , development and innovation are certainly the keys to success in modern and developed economies .
It seems to me quite obvious that people who dares to take risk and try new things are successful people .
If nobody tries to risk the economy will never be competitive .
However , I would add that , once you take a chance and dare to risk you must prove that you are actually capable of keeping that success .
In other words , trying new things and taking risks will only make you successful if learn how to run well your new business .

We live in a world which is becoming more and more a global village and the new economies like China , India , Taiwan and South Korea are becoming more and more competitive compared to the countries of the so called developed world .

Developing countries can produce what we can already produce with very low wages , which is why we have to compete with them in terms of innovation and new things .
In order to be successful you have to do something well but you cannot just do that .
I will make an exemple to make my position clearer : Milano , the city where i live in , is famous all over the world for the fashion and furniture industries .
Clothes and furniture are very easy to copy , so if we want to compete and keep a leading position in these sectors we have to add some extra that cannot be found in products made elsewhere .
It may sound strange but innovation and research can be found and have to be extended to fashion and design industries as well .

The point is that the success that Italian products have all over the world is mostly due to the fact that we can do some things well and better than others , and we have to keep this leadership .

This makes me think that keeping on doing well what you already can do is as important as trying new things .
As usual , both aspects are important .
Young people of this generation are different from the past generation .
We are more involved in growing technology and changes to the world around us , although many young people to spend time getting involved in their community and its activities , the effort is weak and only from a minority of young people .
The past generations that did apply themselves to their community and really put in the effort to be involved , may not have been so interested if they had the availability of technology that we have today .
Although that might sound very negative that young people are more interested in video games than their community , many do find more exciting and amusing things to do with their free time .
In this day and age we have computers and telephones , video games and music systems , we are all lucky to have such great gadgets in our reach at such a young age , and also for it to be so easily obtainable .
Although this is a wonderful thing for the younger generation , the past generations have chosen to frown upon it .
I have watched mothers scream for their children to move away from the television or unglue their fingers from the keyboard of their laptops , all because they are frustrated with what the younger generation has chosen as their childhood enjoyment .
The community should be a major part of a childs life , even beyond that if possible , children need to learn how to embrace the world around them , not be locked in their rooms with a telephone attached to their faces .
There is much more going on outside in the world , and by being involved in it all is where all of life experiences are gained from and how we all learn to grow as people into young adults .
Our communities need to know that there is more in the future than computers and phones , that there is communication through expression and fun .
The younger people need to remember their roots , their home and the enjoyment all around them , the many oppertunities the community has to offer .
The community is put in the hands of the up and coming generations and if we do not take responsibility , then no one will .
I mainly agree with that statement .
I think it is obvious that advertisements make products seem better than they really are , because this is what advertisements are there fore .
The aim of advertisements is to make people buy the product .
To succeed best in this , advertisements have to make the product seem as good as possible .
Now it is clear , that with some technical support , it is quite easy to make a product seem better than it actually is .
For examle , advertisements often use very bright and shining colors , but if you compare the product with the picture , the real colors are much more ` normal ' .

Furthermore , advertisements often use graphics , tabels or words that appear scientific to make the product seem more special , but if you know a bit about the facts displayed , you realize that they only tell very common things any other similar product also has .

Apart from making the products seem better , advertisements also use psycological means to make people buy the product .
Especially , they often try to implicitly convey a message without letting the customer really be concious about it .
For example a laughing person on a photo makes people think using this product makes them happy .
Or they try to make it plausible to people that they absolutely need this product because they belong to a certain groop .
So advertisements often specialise to reach a distinct group of people like young parents , elderly women or middle-aged men .

However , I think , sometimes advertisements can also help to make a new product known or to inform people about special qualities a specific product has and how it can serve them .
From a customer 's point of view , I think a middle way is best : One should not completely mistrust advertisements because they can really draw one 's attention to something useful , but on the other hand one should neither trust them blindly .
From my experience I think it is best to either try the product , so you know if you want to buy it again or not , or ask someone who has already tried it for advice .
People are constantly exposed to the facts being broadcasted through means of books , media , or the internet , but it is more important for the people to undertand the ideas and the concepts behind those facts than just learning about them .
A person might know a fact , but if she does not understand why such thing is happening , such a fact would not do any good to her .

Understanding is crucial , because it creates a huge impression on the minds of students while the facts impress them only when they hear about it .
In most high schools , the students in history class are exposed to facts .
However , it is their responsibility to go home and understand why such things happened in the past .
It makes logical connections between the events , which helps the student to remember the facts even after a long time has passed .
Moreover , the essay questions on exams for such cources tend to ask why an event has occured , asking Teachers would not be asking such questions on the exams were it not for the importance of them .

Understanding is important , because it is what brings changes .
When I was younger , I did not feel any need to study .
I was getting decent grades at school wihtout much effort , even though I was not the best .
Some told me that it might be a good idea for me to start studying , for it would make my future so much easier .
However , I never listened .
I knew that I would have to start studying someday , but did not believe it to be that moment .
I started to work harder at the school only after I understood the facts that were known to me all along .
I did not just know that I had to study , but I understood that if I do not , my life will be very different from the one I always dreamed of .
I could finally understood , only after I met some students in their last year of high school regretting over the things they have not done .
If it were not for the understanding part of my experience , I might still be a slacker .

Learning facts is less important , because they can be found everywhere .
The world we live in is now filled with information .
Therefore , we can look up the facts in seconds if we wanted to .
Understanding , however , cannot be found on the internet .
It is something that one needs to try to achieve .
Therefore , it is more valuable than mere facts .

Understanding is more important , because it allows us to apply the ideas on many fields .
It is possible to read a book a medical student might be required to read .
However , if one cannot understand what the book says , the information is useless to her .
It cannot be applied to anywhere else , and might be lost to her in seconds .

Since understanding brings changes , requires effort , and makes facts applicable , it is much more important than the learning facts .
Moreover , it will last help the facts to stay on one 's mind longer than learning without understanding .
I think their are advantages and disadvantages of both - broad and specialized knowledge of an academic subject .
I am studying `` European Studies '' which is a really broad field , students joining academic courses of the history , socialogy , economy as well as politics department .
It includes a lot of devotion to stay informed in all of the subjects .
Therefore , I experience advantages and disadvantages of interdisciplinary studies everytime discussing with specialized students .
It is e.g. true that `` interdisciplinary '' students have a broader view of the world and its various developments , however , when it comes to theoretical background , we cannot compete no more with the `` specialists '' .

Economy and society are both demanding people who are able and willing to learn throughout their whole life in various fields .
The `` new '' employee should be trained in a lot of subjects being able on the one hand to find new solutions to problems and connections due to his multi-facetted education and on the other hand to adopt to new circumstances quickly .
I would therefore argue that it is more favourable studying many subjects for entering `` real life '' business .
However , one should always be aware that one has to concentrate on one major in order to have a reference point of one 's academic and professinal outline .
This core subject should be the starting point of one 's ideas and itentions giving rise through the surrounding subjects to innovative ideas .

However , if one wants to enter an academic carreer it is favourable to have a specific knowledge of only a few subjects in order to find and teach new insights necessary for the acedemic development of each subject .

In conclusion I argue for a break-up of the dichotomy of broad and specialiyed teaching .
Of course , students should take a decision at the beginning of their studies , but even if they chose to become specialists they should get some broader education to apply there skills in various fields .
Apart form this I would advice students of a interdisciplinary course to dicide for a kind of major to concentrate their efforts .

Both are needed and their interactions have fruitful outcomes .
In people 's life , they need a guide who can lead them to the right way and the also need sorrounders ' help while they do everyting brand new .
Otherwise people might be lost their way or go to an incorrect direction .
Therefore , i agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
When people tralvel in a group they can help each other and make the trip safely .
Led by a tour guide is also important because people will go to the right direction and they wo n't get lost .

While people chose how to travel , they will chose travel in a group .
So do i. Several years ago when i was in grade 6 , i wanted to have a trip and because of my parents are very busy so they can not take me to travel .
They did n't allow me to travel alone .
I was extremely disappointed and did n't eat for a whole day .
My parent 's felt awful .
Then , they came up with an idea which was took me to the travelling center , and the travelling center would have a group trip just for students .
So i joined the group and i had a wonderful trip .
I thing my parents took me to travel in a group because it was safe and these `` cute '' guys would help each other when they have difficulties .
All in all , travel in a group is safe and people can help each other .

Even though travel in a group is safe , people can still lost their ways because they do n't know where to go in a brand new place .
They may go to incorrect directions or stay at one place for a long time .
These well loss lots of time and time is our life .
And these may make people in trable and in danger .
Therefore , we need a tour guide to led the travelling group to go to the correct way and leave the `` trables '' alone so that it will be much more safe and save our time .

In conclusion , if people want to have a safety and fantastic trip , travel in a group led by a tour guide is very important because we do n't want hanppiness and trables beside us .
There are many characteristics of successful people such as intelligence , knowledge , patience , openness and courage .
In my opinion the most important one is being open to new things and taking risks .
For this reason , I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
There are several reasons for my choice and they are the following .

First of all , these people are successful because they always update their knowledge in their area and also improve themselves continously .
In addition , they do not always stay in safe part they have reached in time but rather they look for other ways of improving themselves and ask for more information and more success by taking risks .
For example , the founder of our republic , Ataturk was a very successful soldier in Ottoman Empire but in time he took risks and left his position in Ottoman military in order to make leadership to Turkish citizens in the independence war .
As a result , he had lots of enemies , however , he served for Turkish public , played an important role in independence war and finally established the modern Turkish Republic .

Secondly , even if you are found successful at a point , it should be boring to maintain your knowledge at the same level for years , not trying new things and not taking risks .
The people who are found successful , in fact do not care about being successful and they do not hesitate to take risks that may result in a failure .
By this way , their experience and knowledge develop overtime and they take failures as an important part of their future success .
For example , many of the inventions made in the past were invaluable results of the new point of views of these successful people like Einstein and the return of the risks taken changed our lives all around the world .

In conclusion , I believe that being always curious about new things , taking risks , trying new things make a person successful and they are also crucial for me in my life .
Many people prefer to travel with groups with tour guides , but I totally do not agree with this way of travel .
There are number of disadvantages if someone choose to make a group tour with guides .
Such as lack of flexibility of the schedule , loosing the oppotunities to meet new friends and inconvinience caused by the large group .

First of all , the schedule is not flexible for the guided group tours .
Let us assume that you are on a trip .
If you are in the group , all you can do is just folloing the guide and listen to him/her .
On the other hand , if you make your own trip , you can go to anywhere you want and whenever you want .
If you feel tired from hiking yesterday , you can sleep a couple of more hours if you want .

The second reason that I do not prefer the group tour is that I do not want to loose the oppotunity to get close to native people .
The hilight of a trip can be making new friends from all over the world .
I simply cannot afford to loose the chance to make a conversation , exchange political opinions and so on .

Finally , if you are in a group , it takes much more time to move to another place .
For example , if you are waiting in the line in the airport , you have to still wait for your company even though you are finished with your process .
However , if you are alone or with a small group , you do not have to waste your time to wait for the people whom you really do not know .

In my opinion , true travel has to made up by travelers themselves so that they can experience more and feel more .
The most important thing you can get from a travel is how much you felt and experienced , not how many places you have been or see .
The predictions about future should be well calculated and well designed before being made .
From my perspective the prediction about the number of cars in twenty years is just not right and needs to be reviewed in order to make a better projection of the future .

The first point that this statement miscalculates is the issue of emerging technologies .
As time goes by new technologies come out .
This makes people buy new cars in order to keep up with the technology .
As an opposition to my point the issue of petrolium might be considered .
As an answer to that I guess we shold be looking at the traffic more carefully where we see emerging hybrid cars which consume electricity and gas at the same time .
These cars keep the environment clean and attracts the environment concerned people to buy cars .
These hybrid cars are being manifactured only one or two companies but others are trying to catch up with better ideas in order to keep the number of sales up .

Second point that I want to mention is that number of car sales .
If we examine them we can obviously see that they are increasing every single day .
A proper statistic would show us that it will be that way in the following years .
Especially when we look back twenty years back from our time there is a considerable amount of increase in the number of cars in use and it looks like it is going to be the same way at least in thirty more years .

In the third point I want to be more psychological about the issue by saying that people of the 21st century likes to be mobile more than the people of the past because of the fewer borders between countries .
As the world gets more globalized people tend to move more in order to see diffrent places and understand diffrent ideas .
One of the means of getting to new places is by cars .
The opposition of this idea is the use of public transportation on the other hand people like to be more private so they will be prefering cars .
Another psychological drive is the joy of driving cars , I do not think driving a car is a fag which passes away after some time As a conclusion the number of cars in use will be increasing untill at least thirty or forty years .
New alternatives are being worked on but we should consider the implementation of cars to our lives and compare it to the new technology .
That way we can understand the inappropriate part of the subject .
As consumers live in the society of advertisements , they see abundant of commercial advertisements .
And they often face the situation when the quality of the products does not meet their expectation made by the advertisements , because It is natural that the advertisements make products look much better that they really are .

It is a given characteristic of the commercial advertisements to maximize the positive sides of the products and to minimize or even hide the negative sides of the products .
And this process will alter the impression of the consumers toward the products .

For example , the advertisements of fastfood restaurants such as McDonald 's or Burgerking , do not mention about their nutrition facts .
Not because they do not know about it , but because they know it will harm the image of their food products .
They mostly try to show how delicious the burgers are .
And without getting all the bad informations about the products , consumers , of course , think the products are much better than they actually are .

Also , the media take influential role in this process .
There are limitations for consumers to analyze the products .
It is extremely difficult to evaluate the products in short period of time while advertisements are on the media , and also because they are indirect way to show the products , consumers just cannot get correct impressions of the products from the advertisements .
And surely , it leads to the misleading of the impression about the products , usually to exaggerated ways .

Psychological factors of the advertisements are also worth to discuss .
As consumers look at the advertisement of the body spray `` TAG '' , they get the notion that anybody who sprays the `` TAG '' will attract numerous beautiful females .
By showing that one who uses `` TAG '' can attract numerous females in the advertisements , the company tries to give consumers an impression that `` TAG '' is attractive , and effective body spray .
Although there is n't too much of a difference between `` TAG '' and other body sprays , this advertisement make consumers to think that `` TAG '' is better than other body sprays .

So , I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Knowledge is not measured based on the amount of general things you know , but on the quality of the information you count on .
Many people consider that wise beings are those who know a small amount of information about everything .
However , true knowledge is measured by the deepness of thoughts and ideas .
By having a broad knowledge of many different areas , we wo n't be able to go deep into a specific topic , and therefore , we wont be able to create a valuable conclusion .

Nature is developed in such a way in which each trait is specialized in one single action .
Just as nature , we must use our knowledge to specialize in certain things , rather than to have a general idea about a wide variety of things .
The human body , for instance , is divided into different organs that are specialized into specific fuctions .
As a result , all organs work together to be able to form the body and to work properly .
The purpose of nature is efficiency , and the purpose of knowledge is to be able to apply it to draw a conclusion .

The world in which we live in is divided into different areas of work that performs certain tasks .
Just as well , this is carried out in such a way to be able to perform certains actions and conclude ideas .
If we limit ourselves just to know about general things , we wont be able to strengthen on specific things .

In order to emphasize in one specific subject , a general knowledge of others things is needed .
This is why for example , in real world , we first go to school and then we specialize into a specific area by going to college .
We all make part of a big idea , but we must all carry out specific actions to be able to make a global change in the general ensemble .

In conclusion , the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' is not appropiate , since it is better to have the ability to dominate a specific subject than to know general aspects about it that wo n't permit us to go beyond what 's obvious .
The youth of a coummuniy it is said is its very pulse .
How true this belief is in the modern day context is what remains to be examined .

With every passing century in the history of the human race its youth has become increasingly empowered , alert and certainly more aggressive in numerous ways .
As part of this section of the communiy I can safely afford to voice some of its concerns and predicaments .

While it is true that the young people of today have different priorities and expectations from themselves which often leads to a self absorbed style of living , it would be unfair to say that they are any less sensitive to the needs of their communities than they were in the last few generations .
Nor can it be said that they are unaware of their responsibilities that they owe to fellow human beings .
In fact the young people of our times are more inclined towards community service and other volunteer work than people belonging to older generations were .

A classic example is that of Bombay city , the financial capital of India whose youth came forward to help the administration in the post 7/11 blasts period and on another occasion when it was severely hit by relentless flooding .
Students , professionals and every kind could be seen not just helping clear the debris but also in managing the insanely difficult traffic in the thick of floods and disease that had devoured the city 's prosperity in a matter of days .

The entire nation watched on their television screens the moral strength and commitment that the youth of this organic city so selflessly displayed in times of a national crisis .

This however is not where it ends .
Contrary to popular and convenient belief the youth of today , across the world is better prepared and more committed to tackle to problems of the human community than they ever have been .
It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree with the author 's statement .
I have a few examples in my mind for which i can support the author 's statement .
The examples that i would like to sight are as follows .

Firstly , it is more important for the student to understand ideas and concepts rather than simply learning the facts because the knowledge achieved will be true knowledge and can be of more useful in practical applications of ones own life by understanding the the ideas and concepts throughly .
For example if we learn a formulae in mathematics class just as a fact it will be useless where as if you understand the idea and concept behind that formulae it will be of much practical use .
so it is necessary for each and every student to understand the ideas and concepts , without this one ca n't be aware of its practical application and his knowledge gained by learning a fact may be useless after days .
Hence it is necessary to understand the concepts and ideas throughly .

Secondly , it is very important to understand the ideas and concepts in the modern competitive world .
As the competition is growing day by day it has immense effect on understanding the concepts and present them whenever it is needed .
If a student merely learns the facts then he will be no where to compete with the student who understands the ideas and concepts and present them in a great manner whenever needed .
so it is necessary to understand the ideas and concepts to withstand the competition in modern world .

Furthermore it has many advantages in the carrer of a student who do this work perfectly by bunderstanding the ideas and concepts which will be helpful for a student to have a sound knowledge of the particular topic .
Thus it is more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I agree with the statement that it is better for a person to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject .

Specialization can be a good thing in life , it helps a person to be good at what he does and be effecient in his work .
However , sometimes if a person chooses to take many academic subjects , it gets interesting .
Lets say for example , a person takes biology , history and phsycology .
All this knowledge is a great advantage !
It leads the person to be more knowledgable , more aware of lots of things and also gives a sense of fun .
Your mind expands and gets different and interesting information each day from different topics .

Knowledge is a bunch of facts that you accquire from experiences and everyday routines .
knowledge on one thing makes life boring especially for a person who is always curious and wants to learn new things .
knowledge is unlimited , you have access to it anytime and anywhere .
I could choose to know everything about one certain topic but that limits my knowledge to that one topic .
But how about knowing information about different topics ?
this makes you even more social with different type of people .
A doctor who knows history gets people astonished .
They begin to understand the fact that he is good at what he does but also has interest for many other things .

In high school , i 've always chosen different electives like music , french and also computer lessons .
I wanted to know more about each or even be good at them like in my major subject .
It made me feel wise and able to talk to people about alot of subjects .
I could argue and talk in different areas with different types of people , it gives a good impression and also makes my life interesting to learn new stuff and facts everyday .
That explains why actors now are persuing careers in singing or being leaders of charity acts or organizations .
They want to try more .

It 's better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
To learn different facts everyday gives color to the mind .
Life is short as they say , so make use of it .
I agree with the statement that it is more important to understand ideas that it is to learn pure facts .
I have several reasons supporting my opinion on this topic .

Firstly , today nearly all facts are available anywhere at anytime .
So the importance of learing facts is weakening .
Instead the time coul ; d be used more sensefull getting concepts .
For instance , it is possible for a history class student to get nearly all historical figures he needs in the internet .
There he can get them all day long , and with the help of mobile computing nearly everywhere .

Secondly , concepts are very important to learn , because you need them in order to create own ideas and concepts .
Facts do not help much with that .
For instance in my job as a controller I do not only have to know how some special figures , for instance the return on investment or the earnings of one year have to be calculated , but in order to improve our controlling instruments , I have to figure ot new figures .

To do this , I need to know how to create them .
I need to know which numbers would me of use to our management .
To create new figures it is also necessary to have a general idea of mathmetical concepts .
These can not be learned by heard , but have to be understood .
Once understood , I am able to apply these concepts to work on new ideas .

Thirdly , for high developped countries it is very important to be faster in developmet than for instance the fast developping countries in asia .
They are able to copy our industry products very fast after they have been developped by us .
Therefore we need to be faster in generating new products , new ideas and new technologies .

You do not learn to create those new technologies by learning facts .
It is only possible to learn creating them by learning concepts and ideas .
In my point it is really important to understand concepts and less important to learn pure facts .
This is because in future it will become more and more important to be creative and inventive .
In order to achieve this , it is highly appreciative to have well educated , creative employees .
Personally I think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject .
That is because if you know a little bit of many topics you can cope with very different situations and that could be very useful nowaday .

Speaking about jobs , an example of what I said before is the role of the Project Manager : the Project Manager has to manage a project and meet the given deadline timely and with proficiency .
In doing so he is expected to deal with a lot of contractors each of them with a specific cultural background that is likely to be different to his own one .
Nevertheless his general culture and his general experience can lead him to command the situation and to coordinate successfully so many different people and expertises for the sake of the entire project .

Someone could object that your broad knowledge makes you become a recipient in which information is not processed and is just not deep enough to be retained .
Well , to those people I would say that , on the contrary , that the accumulating of information and the interaction with a lot of people with different knowledge will power my original knowledge making it more and more accurate than we could think at first .
In fact the real knowledge is

To conclude I would say that the best choice to succeed in the today world his to be flexible and in order to be flexible you need to have a 360 degree view that enables you to overcome situation which you wouldn ' t be able to overcome looking at the problem just from one point of view , no matter how much deep and specialistic that could be .
I absolutely agree with the above statement that there will be fewer cars in use in the future , than there are today .
The first and the foremost reason could be that the capacity of the roads had reached the threshold and the roads could not take in any more cars , thereby forcing the governments to provide more convenient , better , efficient and rapid public transport systems .
And once the pople have got used to this convenient mode of travelling , they do n't want to use their cars .

The second reason could be that , in future , the scarcity of oil will cause the fuel prices to inflate to such an extent , that it would become very costly for the people , especially the working class to use their cars on a solo basis .
Thus thay would be pooling their cars , there by reducing the number of cars plying on the road .

Thirdly , in future , the concept of ` Work from Home ' could be the default method used by the most of the bussineses , and this will definitely help reduce the number of cars on the road .
Also , many people will prefer working closer to home to avoid the rush-hour travelling .

Stricter government regulations for pollution and emissions may not permit all vehicles to run every hour or day .
It could be that vehicles of a particular type are allowed on a given day , while vehicles of another type are permitted on another hour or day .
Such restrictions may also discourage people from buying their cars , thus putting a check on the number of cars on the road .

Also the government may increase the taxes on cars to exhorbitant amount to discourage people from buying personal cars .
So , all these probable reasons can contribute to reduce the number of cars running on the roads in future .
In my opinion , it is more important for us students to understand ideas and concepts we are taught .
Everybody is able to learn but we will see in this essay why understanding makes the difference and what are the advantages coming along with that study method .

I consider understanding as the masterkey of learning , I have many examples to support this idea such as the following one :
When I was fourteen , I use to take biology classes and my big brother use to help me before my exams .
Depending on the topic he was explaining to me how a part of the human body would work .
I remember it would take him 10 to 15 mins to explain the functionning and to describe what was in question .
I did not even need to study or do anything else to remember everything and I was then even able to explain the topic to my classmate and get the best grade .
It was as easy as understanding .

On the other hand learning takes time , and if we think about my previous example we can easily understand that if you do not understand what you read it is going to take you ten times the time to learn the subject you are studying .
In addition , what is the point to learn concepts if you do not understand how they work ?
We are not machines .
The main point is the following one , you attend school to shape your mind and in order to shape your mind you read and hear about concepts that very important researchers worked on and the main purpose is to understand how they worked to build their theories .

To conclude , it is quite obvious that understanding is the most intelligent way to study .
It is the best method to shape your mind and get the best results .
Understanding is also a good method for lazy students .
Wheter it is more appropriate to receive a broad education or a specialized one is a common yet difficult question to answer .
I would like to adress it quoting my personal experience .

Being naturally curious , during my childhood at college and high school , I tried to discover as many topics as possible .
Hence , I did all my best in every course , not neglecting my weakest points ( biology for instance ) in favor of my centers of interest ( languages , mathematics , sports ) .
This led me into mastering most of the subjects and therefore I was frequently in top-five rankings .
My first moto was a thirst for knowledge , but it rapidly turned to be an advantage .

Indeed , thanks to my efforts in all topics to get a broad knowldege , I was considered as a good over-all student and was offered a lot of opportunities as regards my superior studies .
This was the first benefit of my wide stock of knowledge : being acknowledge as a capable - if not talented - student .
I continued my studies in the scientific area , in order to get an engineer degree , as I was interested in the automotive industry .
Of course , the education I received was much more specialised than the previous I got .

Anyway , I did not focus only on majors , like mathematics and science .
My eclectic tastes pushed me to keep on studying thoroughly what were considered secondary topics , such as litterature or even exotic languages ( italian for example ) .
Hence , even if it compelled me to provide more efforts in order to perform well at all exams , I have been able to add more strings to my bows than what an average engineer has .

The effect of such a personal commitment is clearly benfecial today in my job .
As an engineer , I am considered by my fellows as a man of letter .
My skills at languages and my interest for history and cultures enable me to tackle more easily several situations like dealing with foreign customers or partners .
This is an asset over my teammates and it has contributed in promoting me to positions that would be hardly accessible to a mere engineer of my age .
Besides , today I am proposed several opprtunities abroad that would be unthinkable without the `` extra-skills '' I have always tried to get .

Of course , I can not deny that the specialization I needed to become an engineer is useful , as it was a pre-requisite to my career .
Anyway , I think that without my widest background , I would have been limited in my career evolution , as it is the case for some of my friends .
Besides , on a more personal point of view , having a wide rang of knowedge , even basic one , provides you with a lot more confidence when tackling problems and especially unexpected events .
Indeed , it can broaden your thiiking , thanks to word meanings ( languages ) or analogies ( sciences ) , and therefore help you to figure out different solutions or approaches .

Last but not least , a borad knowledge keeps you open to the world , as it does not make you think too narrowly .
To conclude , I would say that specialization ; ight help
The first quote that comes to my mind when i read the statement is `` Jack of all , master of none '' .
I do not support incomplete knowledge not only because of its non reliabilty , also because it is harmful to a certain extent .
There has always been a difference in `` knowing '' some things about many things and `` mastering '' everything about something .
A specialization on a specific subject matter not only enhances ones ability to excel in that field , but it also creates some great oppurtunities for the person to make a mark in his field .
Having a broad knowledge in more than one subject does not complete the any of the above purposes .
The highest one can probably do is have a general talk about it and nothing more .
But thats not one can do all his life !!!
just talk a little about many things he knows .

Specialization is an achievement in itself .
It not only gives the student a satisfaction of achievemnt but also a sense of pride to have gained the kind of knowledge he has always craved for .
It gives us a kind of security within .
A kind of peace .
One becomes reliable on his most trusted knowledge on a certain subject .
One begins to trust himself and becomes confident of his actions , and CONFIDENCE IS THE ARCHITECT OF ONE 'S BRIGHT FUTURE .

Specialization does a lot more than just keeping one occupied proffesionally .
It increases the knowledge base of a person and also makes the person crave for more knowledge in that area and in this way he outsmarts himself everyday .
It makes ones life a challenge each day .
It makes ones life more and more exciting !!!
Area of expertise is not just appreciated proffesionally but also in the long run it is appreciated as a gathered amount of information on a subject matter .
It is not useful for the person alone but for the society , friends , family as well .
And hence i believe in mastering in what one is passionate about than broad knowledge of wide range of subjects .
Tour operating is a developping and lucrative industry .
A lot of people enjoy planned and guided travels for holidays because beeing discharged of logistics details , they enjoy even more their holidays .
However I personnaly prefer to travel with some friends but not on guided trips for reasons involving flexibility , intense moments and rewarding experience .

First and foremost , traveling in a group with a tour guide is not appealing to me because I fill deprived of my freedom to go where I want or to the most interesting place depending on the conditions .
Indeed , when you are traveling in a group , you have to follow an often tight or unintersting schedule that could makes you frustrated when you feel like there where breathtaking experiences , views or sites you missed .

Beeing in a group , walking with the group might also spoil your trip .
There are some places like deserts , mountains summits , temples ...
where you want to be alone or only with close friends and share unusual atmosphere , silent or feeling that can be completely be disturbed by a noisy group of tourists .
Your holidays are a succes if you have been able to completely disconnect from your normal life , work problems ...
Traveling in a group of people that have not the same goal during their holidays often prevent you from accessing the happiness of escapism .

A last reason for planing and traveling by yourself lies into the rewardness of a successful trip you have been able to put together on your own .
If you compare a trip for which your only input has been to pay and a trip for which you have been reading books , looking for information and then drawing a raw intinerary , the second one require more work but also ensure you that you will do exatly what you want depending on the uncertainties that are along your road .

To summarize , beeing the responsible for your way rather than depending on a guide and beeing frustrated by all the limitations of a group , is the best way to travel .
It enable you to live more rare experiences , discovering as much as you can without decreasing the quality of your experience .
Usually , the traditional image is made of young , dynamic and fresh people having experiences and fun .
Old people are represented as calm , settled down , retired and mature .
This stereotype is used by ads , showing youngs in activity in a glamourous world whereas aging people are sleeping in a quite house doing their crosswords .
As if the age was a clue of your perception of life , of the kind of activities people like and do .
It raises the impression that young people enjoy more life than older people do .
In the first part , we are going to highlight the points that can make us think that this statement is true .
Then , in the second part , I am going to present why I disagree with this misconception .

It is widely shared that old people are at the end of their life so they had a lots of experiences and they know nearly everything .
It is the typical image of the wise chief in african tributes .
As a consequence , his culture is huge and he is not impressed , surprized by the things that are happening in his daily-life .
His life is a routine with nothing exciting .
On the opposite , children see everything with new eyes , every experience is a new feeling .
For instance , babies are surprised by plane , they compared it to birds and do not understand how does it fly .
They take advantage of every single moment because everything represents something they are not familiar with .
Then when they grow up , they are in better physical conditions than older people .
It allows them to do extrem sports like surfing .
As a student there is the traditional image of freedom that implies no responsibility and a lot of time to enjoy life .

To me , this image is misleading .
Because aging people are coming closer to their death , they make up for lost time .
They usually have the money , that the youngs do not have , to do what they like .
For instance , my grandmother worked all here life without enjoying it .
She saved her money and now that she is retired , she has plenty of time to travel when she wants and where she wants .
She is very active and has a group of close friends with which she goes to the restaurant , to the theater and do lota of activities because she have the time and the money necessary .
For students to become successful in the future when they graduate from school and pursue their career in different fields , I beleive understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .

The facts related to history and politics tell us what happened in the past and we can use those facts to compare the new situations to those that happened in the in the past .
Similarly the scientific facts such as quantum theory helps scientists build up their work based on these facts .
However , being able to use ideas and concepts are much more important when we face new situations .

Especially in today 's competitive environment , we need to make decisions that will help us become successful in tough business areas .
Most of the times our ability to make judgement for a situation comes from our knowledge about different ideas and concepts .
Learning these things in school will give us the tools we need to use in the business world when we graduate .
The facts wo n't help us much when we face a situation where we need to make a decision .
We need to understand what consequences may occur as a result of our decisions and how our decision will affect the future .
To be able to understand this we need to be able to have analytical skills so that we have a good decision making process .
I believe that this is accomplished only by understanding ideas and concepts .

In my home country , the educational system is based mostly on facts not on concepts .
We learn the facts with details in colleges but I do not think this prepares young individuals to use their judgements in the business environment where decision making plays an important role .
Especially in today 's competitive environment I beleive that making the students ready for business life is much more important than just teaching them the facts .
Whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than specialize in one specific subject depends on the range and variety of academic subjects .
In my opinion , to be a specialist in one subject would prove to be more advantageous than to be competent in various fields .

The main reason for my view is that to specialize in one subject would mean that the person becomes a pioneer in that field .
He would be qualified to make contributions to his chosen field .
For example , when a person specializes in Civil Engineering , he would become a qualified person to speak on the topic and to offer his services to the public .
To major in one subject would mean that the person would be empowered to forsee changes and paradigm shifts , that could be for the better or worse , in the field .
If for the worse , he would be in a position to make a positice difference .

Another reason for my view is that , a fully qualified professional would be able to engage himself in high-end research thereby enabling him to make technological advances .
Some may say that to be a competent speaker on varied topics would enable a person to have a farther reach and bigger sphere of influence .
Yet , it has to be acknowledged that a man who is a specialist in a field will be able to make a stronger influence on those around him .
Others might cite that to specialize in one field would be to limit a person 's perspective .
However , a specialist in a field would not only have a good perspective but also a vision .
This vision would enable him to achieve an envisioned goal .

Specifically , it has to be stated that to set and achieve goals , a person would have to be a specialist in the field .
For instance , only a qualified electronics engineer would be able to improve the satellite communication techniques and not a newspaper editor , who would be competent to speak on varied subjects .
Admittedly , if the person wishes to enter another field to enhance his knowledge , his oppurtunities would be limited considering his poor prior knowledge .
But the upside is that there is rarely a dearth in demand for specialists in a field .
To be a pioneer in his chosen field would enable the person to mentor budding people and to guide others and hence contributing back to the people .

In conclusion , to specialize in one subject would be more benefical , not only to the person but also to the community .
I would agree that having varied interests is beneficial but on balance , this should be supported by a mastery in one subject .
I agree with the statement that advertisements often make the product appear better than it really is -- but I would claim that this is hardly surprising if one considers the function of advertisement .
Basically , advertisement serves two purposes : to inform the consumer of the product 's existence , and to motivate him or her to purchase the product .
The advertiser 's intention is to sell the product , not to provide comprehensive details about pros and cons .
Thus , advertisement will aways focus on the positve aspects of a product and omit any negative ones .
Truth-in-advertising laws and consumer protection organizations will prevent fraudulent claims and gross misrepresentations of the true product , but advertisements usually still take a few liberties .
A famous example is a scene from the movie `` Falling Down '' in which the main character is enraged by the fact that a fast food restaurant depicts a hamburger as large and succulent , while the product he gets is flattened , mushy and disgusting .
Of course , the film exaggerates , but seldom does one find processed food to look as appealing in reality as it does in adverts or on boxes .
Usually , small notices such as `` serving suggestion '' exempt the manufacturer from liability .

Another means by which products are made to look better in advertisements is the modification of context .
For example , many car adverts show the car driving at high speed through a desert or such , with the driver being completely relaxed and casual .
While this makes the car look more appealing , reality with its speed limits and heavy traffic makes it unlike that one will actually max out the vehicle in such a manner .

This all might seem like a consumer watchdog 's nightmare , but one must always bear in mind the function of advertisement , as I have already mentioned .
It just is , by definition , a one-sided view with a certain purpose -- selling .
To assume it to be something else -- a valid , unbiased source of information -- would be fallacy .
It remains the consumers ' responsibility to compare and evaluate , based on independent reviews and the like , when choosing a product .
The very task and eventually also the goal of advertisements is it , to promote a specific product in a way that makes it difficult for the potential customer to withstand from purchasing it .
Therefore , those responsible to create commercials and advertisements , might be tempted to make certain products look better than they actuallly , soleley in order to gain a higher profit .
This , I believe , is also the intrinsic factor in my essay , it is the greed of a capitalistically driven world to gain more and this more can be labelled as money .

So , how is it possible to gain this precious metal ?
Many adds focus on the fears people have , and the fears in western societies are very often linked to the fact of growing older .
This is escpecially true for the use or one might even be able to call it abuse of women growing older , who in our socities are still greatly judged according to their outer appearance .
Simultaneously with their outer beauty fading away and the first wrinkles appearing their pockets are becoming looser and they are ready to respond to corresponding adds .
The adds usually show women who lose their wrinkles thanks to a great new cosmetic invention within only a couple of weeks .
In fact , it is true , according to scientific research , that events like this do n't occur overnight , not even within a two-week-period .
To me , this sounds very much like withholding information from the public and making use of the existing lack of knowledge on this subject .

Another example shows this even more thoroughly .
Many adds praise the outstanding advantages of eating a special yoghurt full of specific micro-organisms , which contribute to the well functioning of our intestines .
Yet , what everybody who as a little understanding of the biology of human beings as well as the entire biosphere , knows , is that every single yoghurt , not just this very specific one , contains exactly the same fabulous micro-organisms , surprise , surprise !
This definitely can only be referred to as misleading information .

In the light of what I have tried to elaborate on , it appears to be very obvious that I very much agree with the question being posed here .
Advertisements which should in fact inform public properly on the products they promote , do very often pass on misleading information .
Today 's youth is a dynamic one , everything is instantaneous and at a rapid pace .
As much as I agree with the amount of work load the people of today 's generation have , I still feel that the young people nowadays are not doing enough for the betterment of their community .

People especially young people complain about the problems faced by them in their cities such as traffic , corruption , crimes etc .
But rarely is there a person among them who is ready to jump into the system and take steps in solving the problems .
In my opinion if you do not have the capability to stand up and take the matter into your own hands , you should quit whining and live with what you have .

The youth nowadays does not understantd its responsibility towards its community .
They maintain a very laid back attitude , caring slightly about the problems faced by the community .
It is the young people who should step up and take control of a problematic situation , as it is they who are brimming with energy , have fresh ideas and will be responsible for the future of their community .
For e.g. in a country like India where the average age of a political leader is not less than sixty years corruption is rampant but none of the youngsters feel the need to join politics and improve the condition , they feel that joining politics would mean a waste of their academic degree .

For today 's youth helping the community is a very unimportant thing , for them their personal success comes first .
They are very self-centered and selfish and would rarely waste their time and energy on a project for the betterment of the community .
They seek personal advantage first hand .

Seldom after a natural disaster or calamity do we see the young people helping the affected people .
It is always the older people helping themselves or the young school going children collecting funds .
In such conditions it is the youth of the community that should step up and bring back the much needed stability .
Whereas instead of helping in disturbed conditions today 's youth does not bat an eyelid about it .
They feel it is a waste of their precious time .

An ideal example of a responsible youth would be Bhagat Singh a revolutionary of India 's freedom struggle who fought and even sacrificed his life for the freedom of his nation .

I think that today 's youth should follow in the steps of the great Bhagat Singh and realise their duties towards their community , and also take whatever steps necessary in improving their community .
To a large extent i agree that the best way to travel is in a group with a tour guide .
Especially if you are visiting a new country or place where there could be a language problem then having a tour guide is very desirable .
I would like to recount an experience i had when my parents and i had gone to australia on a vacation .

Australia is a very beautiful country and i 'm fortunate to have visited .
We went with a group of twenty people from different locations .
All of us started off from a common meeting point .
The advantages are that all our flight and hotel reservations were booked in advance so we did not have to bother about getting flight and hotel reservations .
The tour guide is trained and are well equipped to solve any problems that arise in course of the journey .
All local transport was arranged for in advance so getting from point to point is not a problem .
An itenary of the places of interest that we would be visiting on a particular day is handed out so we know where we are going and what we are going to see .
The disadvantages are that we have to follow a fixed itenary and cannot see or visit places not written in the itenary .
The other thing is that different people have different tastes , some like visiting museums and places of historical interest while others like amusement parks .
Irrespective of our likes or dislikes , we have to be together with the group .
Since we visit as tourists , we donot get to see how day to day life is .
Finally there is a possibility of not being able to get along with some of the group members .
We have to be tolarant towards everyone in the group .

I personally feel that the advantages of having a tour guide out weight the disadvantages .
These choices are usually dependent on temperment ( s ) of individuals , people who are adventerous may prefer to plan vacations on their own while others may choose a path thats tried and tested .
Being good at what you do and sticking with it it may take you far , then your abilities and skills may be neede to the job or activitie you may be enhence to performed , but somehow the people who are willing to think outside the box and take risks are the ones that succed .

It often happens in a community , for example in a work place .
there are some people who are escential to the company because of their performance , they are really good at what they do and their performance is exelent , but when it come to the moment of making someone the chief of the department the person that gets it is the one that 's willing to take risks , he thinks outside the box and comes up with new ideas .
Even though the other employe may be more skilled to do the operations , a company needs someone that has inovations and that can bring the company to a higher level .

In history the people that we remember , are those who were took risks and did something out of the ordinary using their abillities and skills .
They were already good artists or maybe good thinkers , like physicians or philosopher , but what made them succed in life is that they tried new things .
An example of this may be Einstein , he tried new thing and by doing so he was able to make amazing discoveries , that still apply to us .

Succesful does n't only apply to how other poeple see you , but also to yourself .
Taking risks and trying new things makes you grow as a person , it gives you the opportunity to get to know yoursel better , to discover new thinks about yourself , and it also gives an exitement to your daily life .

Being succesful is the willing to be something better , and taking risks and trying new things helps us achieve it by giving us a sence of who we are and waht our strenghts are .
There is no doubt that advertisements plays a very important role in our daily life .
Advertisements main role is to attract people to buy a certain product or to go to a specific place ; moreover , advertisments helps a person to choose between two products by showing for example that this product is for high class people , it makes you a good mom or even telling you that this product will attract you to the opposite sex .
In fact advertiments really make the products seem much better than they really are .

Frankly speaking , advertisment is very effective esspically that it can spread over different medias .
TV is the number one advertisment media .
Because the contiously increasing number of people watching TV , most firms uses this advantage to their own benefit by putting out advertisments during the matches , entertainment programs or even news .
Another medias for advertisment is the radio , newspaper and others more

No one can denay the fact that , advertisement can control us ( persuade us ) to choose the product we want to buy .
Firms uses this advantage by making a highly effective and costly advertisement that makes the products seems much better than they really are .
For example , a car advertisement in an news paper showing the picture of the car from the inside , the first impression that a person feels is WOW that car is really big which is in reality not true it is just a picture that it is modified to make the car looks bigger .
Another example is toothpaste advertisement , in the advertisement it shows that this type of toothpaste will clean your teeth 100 % and make them white and shiny like crystalls which will make you more attractive to the oppiste sex or gender .
As a matter of fact , advertisement is becoming a very big lie .

Finally , no one can refuse or reject an advertisement .
Most of the people and even ME beleive in some of these lies and I go and buy this `` GREAT '' product and after I try it I realize that I have been riped of by the advertisement company because they made the product seems much greater in thier advertisements .
At the end I would say that I completely agree with the following statement : MOST ADVERTISEMENTS MAKE PRODUCTS SEEM MUCH BETTER THAN THEY REALLY ARE .
When thinking about the next two decades one could imagine a lot of new inventions and innovations that faciliate our lives or even change it drastically .
The prospects in technological development are promising and therefore I believe that there will be fewer cars in use than they are today .

In my opinion , the main means of private transportation twenty years from now is still going to be the car .
I do not believe that there will be an invention which is able to replace the car .
In the last couple of decades the car has assumed an important role in every-day life .
It is too much included in our life routine as to lose significance in as little time as twenty years .
However , the machine that will be called `` car '' at that time will be very different from the car we know today .

Technological development will have to face the problem of rapidly declining natural ressources very soon .
As cars use up the fuel given to us by nature , the developers need to find alternative energy sources that are able to replace gas .
Methods like using electricity or solar energy which have already been invented have to be made more practical in order to convince people of the advantages of changing to new technologies .

The lack of indefinite natural ressources combined with a slow development of new technologies will decrease the number of cars in use .
People will have to find other means of transportation in order to get around .
Bus transportation will be increased and people might stick to this kind of transportation in order to save money and time as they do not have to wait in traffic jams when going to the office in the morning .
I do not agree with the statement that succesful people are taking risks and try new things rather than doing what they know how to do well .
I admit that a lot of inventions and business concepts have succeeded , because they were highly innovative .
Probably most people would have doubted that they would be profitable .
On the other hand so many people try to develop new ideas about being different and fail .
Most of today 's ideas , that actually are pretty good , do not turn out making its inventor rich .
So generally speaking taking risks more often leads into frustration and poverty whereas concentrating on your strengths is more likely to lead you to succes .

As an example I would like to tell you about a freiend of mine who had a great idea about a new sportsbrand .
Being an expert in marketing with years of experience and a wife who was working in the clothing industry he was very confident that his idea of a local brand would succed .
He took the risk of getting into the new business of producing stuff he never had done before .
Dealing with all the new fields that his business involves he was not able to fulfill everything needed to develop a succesful brand .
If he would have stuck to his roots and would have stayed in marketing only , he would have been better off for sure .

In conclusion I would say that sticking to what you know best is better for most people than being too risk taking .
In my opinion learning from people who already are succesful is the best thing one can do .
By that you can follow in someones footsteps and , if done right , succed in a much easier and less risky way than someone who wants to try out new things .
Success people can be defined as people who have much knowledge and have good propectives of behavior .
To be successful people , I believe that peole have to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
In that way , people can have more experience as they try new things and also people can try their best all the timeas as they take risks .

Successful people challenge new things to get own experience .
If a person challenges new field , he or she will experience a new thing .
Thus , he or she will have more knowledge about the field .
I , for example , am trying Toefl test for the firt time and it is sure challenging me and pressing me .
However , since I experience the test for now , I guess I could do better for the next time .
It is becasue I challenge the new thing , Toefl thest , and have more knowledge than before .

As taking risks , people can have good prospectives of behavior while they are trying their best .
When people are taking risks , they have to be careful as possible as they can and also try their best to acheive their goals or not to fail .
Even though people fail , they will try their best not to make the same mistake like before .
For instance , if a student gets wrong on the test .
On the next test , the student will learn something from what he or she got wrong and will correct later .

As people challenge new field and take risks , they can have much knowledge and good personality , which mean they can success for the rest of their life .
If people only do what they already know how to do well , then it will make them not learn anymore , and cause them to think they are the best .
Therefore , I stronly recommend people to try new things and take risks to live better quality of life .
There has been a wide discussion about the behavior of young people during the last years .
One of the critical points often provided by people is that nowadays more and more young people stop to spend free time for community activies .
Before I point out my personal opinion to this statement I would like to have a look at the overall situation in my country and beyond referring youths doing community work .

In Germany it has never been very common to do community supporting activities .
Since the state with its highly developed welfare system took over most of the tasks , youths were n't that much demanded to do voluntary community work .
I know that we can find different situations in other countries .
For instance , in the USA , if one wants to study at a good university as Harvard or Princeton , next to your good grades you should also show some evidence that you have carried out some community work .
Also in East Germany before the unification it was common that groups of young people helped out the community in for example providing recycling stations , newspaper services .
Children and young people even helped out on the fields of the nationally owned farms .
Although these tasks were n't often made voluntary , it increased the feeling of the youth to be connected to its community and helping each other .

Nowadays I think that the feeling for the need of community work more and more disappears .
Among young people it is even a reason to be kicked out of a group when one is doing community work .
It 's not fancy enough .
The feeling that everyone has to care for himself is spreading around .
Noone cares about other persons due to individualistic behavior patterns of the 21st century .
Sometimes it is the case that even neighbors do n't know each other and therefore would never come up with the idea to help each other .
But this is not a `` young people '' problem .
If the parents do n't live a life where helping other persons is a part of , how can their children learn that it is important to spend some of their free time with community work ?
Additinally young people today can do so much more things .
Why doing community work in groups when sitting in front of the television or playing a video game is so much easier and more comfortable ?

Therefore I agree with the statement above .
Reasons for it can be found in many areas but the most important one I think is the tendency of the society to stay for oneself and do n't care about others .
I do not agree nor disagree with the statement .
I strongly believe there are advantages as well as disadvantages in all phases of life , in youth as in old age .

It is generally agreed that young people have strong physical qualities , more energy , and a wide range of opportunities potentially available to them : their life is n't written yet .
At the same time , older people are weaker , need medical attention with higher probabilities , and do not have many of the choices young people have : because , as you grow older , it becomes too late to seize an increasing number of opportunities , and more doors are closed , so to speak ( in particular career-wise ) .

For example , if a young woman pursuing a career in acting and attending theatre classes , is struck all of a sudden by a revelation and decides her true vocation is in marine biology , she simply quits theater studies and enrolls into science school .
Changing your mind like that would not be possible when you 're like , say , 40 years old : no matter how hard you work , the competition will probably have been into your field for 10 or more years than you have , and that kind of gap is practically impossible to fill .
So , if you 're 40 years old and you 've been , say , a theatre actress , you 're probably bound to stay that ; or at least , you do n't have all the opportunities you 'd have had , had you changed your mind at a younger age : in short , I guess we can safely say that getting old reduces the opportunities of successfully changing your career field .

However , there are clear advantages that go with older age , such as security , reduced uncertainty about the future , the comfort of relying on a family of your own , and that feeling of safety that having a steady job gives you : all this is more likely to happen as age increases .

It is wise though not to generalize too much : in those countries where the job market does not present high levels of protection , job-security might be low for the old as well as for the young ; and when divorce is a popular behavior , your dream of a happy family can be easily shattered and turn into a nightmare .
TRAVELING IN GROUP LED BY A TOUR GUIDE
Traveling could be the best opportunity to know the place of your dreams or simply to get more knowdlege of an specific place .
If you decide to travel in group led by a tour guide you should be aware that there will be schedules to meet at breakfast , lunch and dinner time .
You will also have to be close to the group that you have been assigned during the tour , giving you a very short and small idea of the place that you are visiting .
Time schedule will also be given for the time you will go to bed and the time you will have to wake up to go and visit the places schedule on the tour plan .
This could be the best way to travel when you are not complete familiar with the place or if you afraid of foreigns , but If you would like to know more about a place , then , definetily you should travel by yourself .

A good camera , a map and your backpack can be the best accompanying elements on your voyage to new places .
If you decide to travel by your self you will given yourself the opportunity not only to meet people from other culture but also to taste the flavors from other regions .
Traveling alone can be the most exciting experience .
Imagine waking up at the time you want , not time frame on the visit to the museum , parks or simply go an eat on any uknown street when you will have the opportunity to meet people from the same place that can give you more information of the area or city that you are visiting , than a tour guide .

In conclusion this short essay does not pretend to take a side wether is good to travel led by a tour guide or alone , but two give you the opprortunity to choose which want will fits your needs , when traveling .
In my opinion , both can be positive .
The situation determines if continuing doing things you know is the better way or if trying new ways leeds to more success .
If you for example run a business like a bar , which has a lot of confident customers who are absolutely satisfied with the atmosphere , the furniture , the menu and the service , you would not really thing about changing anything .
Changing this already well working bar would always mean you risk losing costumers who may dislike the changes , and it will also cost you a lot of money .
But if you run a bar where customers keep complaining about things , you may very well consider changing something and become more successful doing so .

On the other hand , i think that even when you run a business which already seems to be perfect , it is never a bad thing to dare something new , because the world is changing so why should you refuse changing ?
As a bar owner , i would rather prefer to lose some boring , old customers to serve open-minded new customers instaed , just because it is more exciting .

It is clear that deciding something new is always risky , but that is what an exciting life is a about .
In addition to that trying new things mean that you make a lot of new experiences .
Being experienced will never be a bad thing when it comes to being successful .
You probably have dealt with a lot of problems in your life if you have had a lot of different experiences , so you know better how to handle them then somebodzy unexperienced would .
This is why i would prefer trying new things in order to gain a lot of experiences .
Cars are one of the most widely used vehicels for travelling today and whether their number will increase or decrease in twenty years is a very polemical topic .
According to me , yes , indeed there will be fewer cars twenty years from now .

Firstly , the pollution caused due to combustion of fuel in the car 's engine is posing grave threats to the enviornment .
Governments and the people are increasingly becoming aware and concerned about this fact and hopfully new rules will be formulated on limiting the number of vehicles a family can own or the the number of cars an office is allowed to have .
People are making concious efforts in reducing pollution due to cars by making car-pools or travelling in public transports such as busses and metro trains .
This way , the number of cars will reduce and more people can travel in the same vehicle instead of each one going seperately in thier own personal cars .

Furthuring my opinion i would like to suggest that the number of cars will also reduce due to the accelerating fuel prices .
The fuel prices are inceasing day by day due to inceasing scaricity of petroleum .
It is a non-renewable resource which is depleting rapidly and thus its scarcity will result into price-rise .
so affording a personal car will become increasingly difficult for the common people .

With the advent of newer technologies such as computers and the internet the basic motive for people to travel is becoming less important .
people can now download their office work on their computers , at home , and can work in the comfort of their homes instead of driving and going to offices .
students can also attend lectures on their computers and submit assignments which reduces their need to travel to schools everyday .
they can interact with their proffesors and peer on the internet through text or voice messages with the help of a computer .

thus i would like to conclude that due to all these reasons cars will become redundant and , if used , will pose a threat to our enviornment and thus will become obselete shortly .
I think that learning is an everyday process that is determined by people 's attitudes , interests and experiences .

For this reason i think that a student can increase his knowledge throught different studying methods .

I think that it is very important for students to have a general knowledge of as many topics and possible .
Analyzing general topics presented under the form of concept and ideas , it could be a good way to learn new things without having to study every detail of that particular topic .
This is the case of subjects related to the humanities .
It is not necessary to learn to exact year in which a particular theory has been developed .
Simply knowing the period and the concept of a particular theory , it can be useful in every field .

When studying it is necessary to consider the topic analyzed .
In fact there are many subjects that can be explained by Professors using main ideas and concepts .
There is no need to go deeper exploring all the causes and effects .
In some courses the Professors only requires a general knowledge of a particular topic .

On the other hand there are subjects where learning facts is essential .
Some examples can be historic events .
Learning the facts is determining in order to increase the knowledge on the topic .
Scientific disciplines are another example that underlining the importance of learning facts , more that general concept .
Think that when a scientist does an experiment he really need to know about facts .

To conclude , i think that every subject needs to be treated differently , because i do not think that there is a gerenal rule that determines if it is more important for students to learn from general ideas , than from facts .
I partially agree with the statement because I believe that it depends on the personal values and morals of the person in cause .
This opinion not only deals with young people but also with older people .
There are some young people who have a great intrest in the well being of tehir communities and therefore do ther best to improve and make it advance to a better level .
These young people have certain strong principles that they strongly believe in , taught at home from their parens or at school .
While there are others that can see clearly how their communities are degrading and do nothing at all about it .
These people have different ideaologies than the people that do all that is in their hands to improve the communities .
How do we expect these young ones to do anything for their communties if they blame them of their disgraces .
Violence , corruption , sexual abuse , racsim all these are factors that affect young peoples actions and opinions on their communities .
If older people where to set themselves as examples the young people that are being accused of doing nothing for their communities would react , but no older people are more busy corrupting and degrading the communities .
The young people that try their best to improve these communities are those that have strong faith and are very opptomistic .
They have the will to undertake new projects to improve the community situations , while others have simply given up on humanity as a whole and simply try to live with their communities ; and their defects .
Overall it is a question of hope , principals , and faith in teh idea that things can change to better if we try to change these things .
The goal of an advertisement is the increase of a product 's sale and the company 's profit .
It therefore seems a given that the item of sale is presented as positively as possible .
Not all prodcuts , however , can live up to the promises they make .

Bank loans , for example : very low interest rates and easy pay-back means give the impression of fast money without much hassle and very little responsibility for the customer .
Rather hidden are tricky issues such as securities or initial down payments , which have to be provided on a standard basis .
The focus of the adds does not disclose the actual costs of such loans .

Therefore , a viewer can easily be led to believe that lending money from the bank is quite inexpensive , whereas she or he may in fact be running up a huge amount of debt when all aspects of loan taking are considered .
In particular , the maths between income , basic living expenses and costs for a loan , are usually very revealing .

Another illusion that advertisement reinforces is that of looks .
Research regularly shows that particularly young women feel pressurized by the appearance of persons in ads .
A recent study found that even women who work in the advertisement industry and who know of the unhealthy lifestyle of most of the female models as well as the use of computer techniques such as photo-shop , believe that their bodies are not the way the should be .

One area where the claims of the ads and reality appear to be more balanced is medication : mandatory guidlines on dozage and recommended consultations with medical doctors seem to convey more caution than many of the `` easy does it '' and bubbly commercials for general products .

Finally , something also needs to be said about the consumers : while much of the responsibility for creating illusions obviously vests with the advertising industry , the consumers should also be held to a certain standard of scepticism and critical review .
Personally , i agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This is because young people are more energetic , more healthy and have more adventures .

First of all , younger people tend to have stronger bodies ; they are full of energy .
They can play a lot of exciting sports .
For example , younger people can paly basketball , rock climbing , snowboarding and so on .
However , these kinds of sports will not be very good for elders because they tend to be tired very soon and they will not be able to enjoy themselves .
Moreover , younger people are able to recover very fast after big games so that they can be ready for their next activities .

In addition to being more energetic , yonger people are healthier .
They tend to have strong bodies because they are growing up instead of getting old .
Being strong has the advantages of enjoy their lives more .
For instance , young people can eat almost anything they want to eat such junk food .
This is because they do not have to worry about getting some disease .
On the other hand , older people have to worry about their diets all the time because they tend to have problem with illnesses such as diabetes .
Having healthy bodies truely are the big advantage for young people to enjoy their lives more .

Finally , younger people will have more adventures .
This is because they have more time than the elders do .
For example , younger people are able to change jobs once a year , and they are not worried because they can always find a job .
Even if in a labour work , younger people are fit .
They can at least make their ends come meet .
Most of all , they can spend their leisure time doing lots of activities such as travelling aroung .
As for older people , they may not have as much oppotunities as younger people do .
They have to be careful all the time and worry about losing their jobs .
And they definately do not have the time to explore our modern society .

It is clear that younger people will enjoy their lives more .
This is because they have more energy .
Also , they have stronger and healthier bodies .
Last but not least , they are able to spend more time on coming across their exciting life experiences .
I do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
The reasons for my believing so are several .

First of all people have diverse interests and tastes .
Travelling in a group led by a tour guide follows one path for everyone .
Just as one shirt can not fit all , similarly one tour can not fulfill the needs of every tourist .
A tour guide takes people to major attraction of the destination and some people may like one place more than the other and hence may want to spend more time at the place of their liking .
This is not possible when one is travelling in a group led by the guide .

Secondly there are some places where one would want to travel alone .
Travelling in a group may compromise one 's privacy so in such situations travelling in a group does not make sense .
I know of some couples who went on their honeymoon to a tourist location in a group .
I believe that travelling in group can take away the romance away from such trip .
Furthermore some people gain more pleasure in travelling alone because of sense of adventure that it provides which travelling in a group with tour guide just can not provide .

Another disadvantage of travelling in a group led by tour guide is that you dont have control over your itenary or travel plan .
If due to some reason one looses the group then one may have to face a very hard time to complete the trip just because that person did not plan the trip but tour guide did .

Lastly by not travelling in a group led by tour guide you can plan your trip according to your time and your financial condition .
You may choose first class air ticket if that is what you prefer or may choose to stay in a cheap hotel if you dont want to spend a lot of money on the trip .
You may choose to extend your trip if you like or shorten it if there is an emergency .

In sum , based on the reasons described above , I disagree with the statement that travel in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel .
I believe that there would be fewer cars in use in the next twenty years , than they are today .
I would like to present various points to support my position which are as listed below .

Firstly , if we examine the number of cars which have been in use in the past few years in the whole world , we would notice that the number has increased .
Many reasons can be ascribed to this increase .
One of the reasons is that car has become a common commodity and a thing easier to possess as its cost has decreased over the past few years .
This price decrease might be due to various factors prominent of which would be the competition among automobile industries .
This led to an increase in the number of cars owned and being used .
This increase has drastically influenced the environment in the wrong way .
It led to serious environmental problems .

Now-a-days , air pollution is one of the major problems being faced by many cities and countries in the world .
The increase in air pollution is mainly attributed to vehicular emissions apart from industrial emissions and other sources .
Amongst the vehicular emissions , the emissions due to cars are the major contributors to the air pollution .
Hence , every country is now looking for options to reduce air pollution and that one effective way would be to lay emission norms and increase the taxes on vehicles which would then place restrictions on the usage of the cars .
Hence the number of cars might decrease .

Moreover , the congestion on the roads has increased due to increase in the number of cars which resulted in traffic jams .
This is making the life of the car users difficult .
Hence , they might opt for otherways of transport such as the Public Transport System .

The governments are also working out in improving the Public Transport system like the use of Metro railways and buses for public transport .
This is exactly what is being done in NewDelhi ( India ) right now which is the place where I am staying and this has worked out here and resulted in a decrease in the number of the cars being used compared to the last year .
After introducing Delhi Metro over here the number of cars in use on roads have decreased .

One more point I would like to suggest to support my position is that increase in scarcity of fossil fuels and hence the hikes in fuel prices might also be responsible for the possible decrease in the number of cars in the next twenty years .

Hence , in sum , I would like to reassert my position after stating the above points that there might be fewer cars in use in the next twenty years than they are today .
This is an intricate subject for me , yet I will try to elucidate it .
Many students think that if there is a more free and intellectual environment in the universities , they can be more successful and creative .
On the other hand , other students claim that there is no need much more intellectual level education , if univesity can provide enough knowledge for surviving life , it 's ok .
In this context , I support the former idea for the following reasons .

One of the strongest reasons in favor the approach undestanding ideas and concepts more important for students is that the economic and social system have been transforming to more elligible form for the knowledge society .
As a result of this , If you have not catched the changing , your knowledge based on facts will be old in short time .

Another reason is that there was not much more crucial focusing on research and development studies and innovation in the agricultural and industrial societies .
However , reasearch and development and innovation are the major determiners of global economy , so they are feeding new ideas and concepts .
If you are inside the novelty , you can have changing the world .
That 's why , we must locate on the side of new ideas an concepts .

Lastly , production centers have been shifting from industrial zones to science and technoparks .
Economical system has been gradually adapting the science and technology .
The major supporters of science and technology are new ideas and concepts .
For this reason , so many venture capital firms emerged .
What does it provide us ?
If we have a original , creative and useful idea , we are able to be successful in the less time .

All things considered , I come to notion that there are three reasons why I support the idea undestanding ideas and concepts more important than learning facts .
Firstly , we have lived in the knowledge society , so we must have the knowledge for our whealty .
Secondly , new economy has based on new ideas and concepts .
Thirdly , the new economical structure can provide new opportunuties if we have creative ideas and concepts .
Having a lot of knowledges could lead one to not know a lot about anything .
If this is true , many would not be able to specialize on anything due to the fact they do not know enough about a subject , to have a job or specialize in it .
Thus in my opinion it is better to specialize in one specific subject , in order to suceed in and perfect the subject which one is studying .

A doctor , needs to focus on the medical aspect of its career in other to excel on it .
If a doctor were to study many subjects at the same time , he or she would get distracted from its main specialization which is saving lives or working in a hospital .
Ofcourse , the doctor should know a bit about english , grammar , and other subjects esential to live , but the doctor should not focus entirely on those subjects , because they are not as important as a biology class can be .

If someone specializes in one specific subject and gives all its attention to it , one will have greater possibilites of excelling and learning about the subject .
For example , in my school we use to have 13 courses per semester , and people did not have time to focus on any single subject as instensively as they should or wanted to , because it was too muh work .
After a while , the school changed its policy and decieded to cut down the courses to 5 , in which people could take math , science and spanish and other two courses of their choice .
Students started to pull up their grades because it was easier to focus on the subject one liked and specialize on the subject that was related to the career one wanted to pursue later on in life , for example people would take 2 classes of math , and were able to focus and specialize in math for the future of their bussiness career .

Although it is good to know about many subjects , in my opinion it is imposible to learn and really excell on them while one is studying many different subjects .
In that case students are learning the esential things about the subjects , but are not taking the time in any of them to specialize and pronfundize their knowledge in a certain subject .
If a doctor would broaden his or her knowledge , he or she would probably never look deep into medicine subjects , and would just have the broad or overview of it .
Making this a disadvantage for them and us patients .
Also if my school would not have lowered the number of courses , students would have never been able to really specialize in a subject , but would have simply seen the overview of it , never fully understanding each and every one of those subjects .
Therefore in my opinion it is better to know a lot about something , than to know a little about everything .
It is usually said that life is short and nobody should waste his time .
I think that it is talking about both young and older people .
However young ones are physically capable of having more enjoying experiences than older ones so does it mean that young people enjoy life more than older people ?
Not really to my mind .

The priorities of both are totally different , for instance young people can enjoy highschool or college and what goes along ( parties , trips , human experiences ) nevertheless older people would actually enjoy having time for themselves or those they love .

If we take a grand mother as an exemple , she mainly worries about her grand children and her children , she enjoys witnessing her grand son growing into a remarkable person .
Older people are more concerned about their own family instead of their own satisfation and that is what makes them happy .
Of course she still takes care of herself and has her own way to entertain herself however it will not be the same as when she was still in highschool , she might want to become gardener or travel all around the world , but her needs are more cultural and family-like than those of young people

Now , if I take a sixteen-years-old boy , it is significally different .
Indeed his first concern is his own satisfaction although he also cares for his family .
Nonetheless he wants to have fun with his friends going out or playing sports .
His needs are personal and simple .
He just have to seize the day without having to worry about his salary or his electricity fees .
He is not responsible yet so he is enjoying life without having the same concerns as an older person .

To conclude with , I would say that both enjoy life as much as they can even though there still are exceptions .
This does not apply only for teenagers and aged people but also for every category of ages .
Eventually , a teenager will grow and change , so will his interests and his way of enjoying life .
Nelson Mandela had once said `` GREAT NATIONS NEVER FORM BY INDIVIDUALS BUT BY THE COMMUNITY AT LARGE '' .

In today 's era where every human being is on the lookout for his own personal meet , community service has been long forgotten .
I strongly agree with the statement that the younger generations have forgotten to help their own community .
with the advent of new gadgets like televisions , cable tv , videogames etc children of today never bother to come out of their homes lest talk about helping the community .

The world in the past has witnessed many people , freedom fighters fighting for their own community working towards a betterment of the community .
people like Nelson Mandela , Mahatma Gandhi have laid down their lives for the betterment of the community .
In today 's era fighting for freedom is not an important issue but there are other important issues to be handled and the need of the hour is to join hands and work for the upliftment of the communities .

The community needs young fresh blood who can work with the same dedication and enthusiasm like the younger generation of the earlier times .
There are old age homes , charitable institutes , laughing clubs for the old people who need care and support of people .
The blacks in America faced quite a bit of problem in the early times but they had a force to deal with the situation spearheaded by sir nelson mandela who himself was very young when he thought of rendering his services for his community .
The younger generation nowdays belive in spending time with friends and peer mates discussing movies , games , entertainment etc but do not find time to spend some quality time with his/her own community people .
A recent survey report also suggests that children in the US prefer subjects like Physical education and arts to subjects like community service .
Such subjects on offer have also reduced considerably in the last decade because of the less number of students being enrolled in such subjects .
socializing is an aspect which has been forgoten amongst the younger generation and children feel better rather more comfortable being cooped up at their own homes with the source of entertainment being tv 's , internet and music .

some factors maybe because of the fact that children now have extra work load in schools or colleges and thus get less time to serve the community .
Over centuries , starting almost with the founding of the first universities , the ideal of a completely educated person was dominant on the European continent - somebody who masters ancient languages as good as he is at natural sciences or even the arts .
And on the other end of the line ?
There was the specialist , soley focused on his subject , almost an idiot in his single-mindedness .
But the times have changed .
With todays fast growing amount of scientific knowlege and the fast pace of research - new findings published almost every day - no one can know everything these days anymore .
So the specialist , who was laughed at only 150 years ago , seems now to be the ideal of an educated person .

However I think one should try to take the best parts of both educational ideals for oneself .
And my suggestion to make this possible , is not to try to gain broad and specific knowledge at the same time , but one after the other .

During primary and secondary school there is plenty of time to teach the students different subjects and viewpoints .
Even if it seems to be a waste of time because there wo n't be an opportunity to use the attained things later on , it will still widen the students mind and help him organizing things s/he learns later on .
For example , when I went to secondary school , I was taught Latin and Ancient Greek - which both do n't serve much purpose in todays world , but it helped me not only to study French and Spanish easily but also told me a lot about European history and mythology , what is quite important for job I do now .

On the other side , when somebody enters university or has already studied some years , it 's time to take a decision and choose a subject or a focus for his graduate time .
Because of the above mentioned imense amount of available knowledge , this focusing on one field is propably the only way to be really good at it .
( Which again is in my opinion the main party in doing something ) .

So my ideal is somebody who has a broad basis of knowledge , which makes him able to decide , based on the broad basis , in which subject he wants to specialise in later .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I believe so because I have been exposed to many advertisements which after some time has been banned because of their unreliability and I have experienced many disappointments after buying a perfectly advertised product .

Almost every product comes with beautiful and effective advertisements and for the first few weeks , many people pay for these products .
However , after some time , organizations which are supposed to control the unfair use of advertisements ban the sales of that product in the markets due to wrong information given in the advertisements .
To give a specific example , PO , which is one of the largest oil companies in Turkey , recently announced their new oil product which contains some agricultural wastes and products .
The advertisements were great and every people owning a car , started preferring that company to buy the oil .
This is mainly because they were told in the advertisements that the performance of their car would increase significantly with the use of that new product .
However , after 3 weeks , the advertisements were banned from being shown in TV 's , because PO could n't prove the performance increase of the new oil .
This was only one specific example and there are many other like this one which are caught by the controlling mechanisms as well as which cannot be caught .

Another reason why I think that advertisements make products seem better than they really are is that I have experienced some disappointments with the products for which I was affected by their advertisements , To be more specific , I watch a movie by just looking at its advertisements .
However this some of the times made me disappointed because the comments about the movie is generally exaggurated and one can never understand whether they are or not before watching the movie .
I have read a lot of good comments on Keloglan movie 's advertisements .
The film was however disgusting .

These two summarizes
In general I agree with this statement , although I think it does n't make sense to suggest an exclusive choice .
Of course a student has to do both , understand ideas as well as learn facts .
I think it has got to do a lot with differences between cultures .
My education was definitly focused on understanding concepts .
But I know for example from Korea that students have to learn much more by heart .
I will try to explane what I mean on an example from the field of music .

In India it is common for Tabla-players to learn many compositions by heart .
Although there exists a system for musical notation it has no relevance .
Everything is learned by heart from mere listenening .
On the other hand you have the european tradition of staff notation and musical scores .
It is not necessary to learn everything by heart because it can be looked up at every time .
This fact is connected with a different attitude towards tradition .
While in India it is more common to emphasize the continuity of a certain school or family tradition ( called gharana ) in Europe more attention is paied on what is new or what seems to be new .
Of course both musical traditions develop and change in the course of time , but their way to new ways of expression is a different one .
In India a tabla player ( who is a compser as well as a musician ) first learns many facts ( compositions ) , and then , after a long time of practising and trying to adapt the tradition he might introduce new features and invent his own compositions .
In Europe many composers ( who are not necesserily performing musicians ) started to compose at a very young age .
Before they had the chance to learn the history of music they already begin to understand some ideas and concepts and with the help of these develope compositions as objects .

To summarize I would like to say that it depends on the cultural environment what importance has to be given to the understanding of ideas or to the learning of facts .
I do agree with the viewpoint that most advertisements make products seem much better than they are .
In fact , the purpose of the advirtisement is to incite the desire of the customers and increase the sales of their products .
It is unavoidable to use some kind of communation skills to stimulate customers to buy their products .

In order to increase the sales of the products , advertisements will mask some kind of shortages of their products and only put emphasis on the outstanding points of the products .
For example , the renovation of the processors of the personal computers is fast .
Many processors manufactures always emphasize on the processing speed of their products .
However , they never mention some important features such as how much electricity will be used for using the chips and how hot they will produce during usage .
For a good computer , low temperature and stable performence are far more important rather than fast speed , however , the advertisements never expose their shortages .

Another example is the advertisements for restaurants .
They always show how good their foods are and how low cost for their foods .
However , the advertisements seldom give correct information to costemors that what kind of food is good for health and necessary for human body .
The purpose of the photos of the advertisement is to arise the interests of customers and the ultimate goal is to sell their products .
In addition , when we buy foods in malls or supermarkets , we can often discover that the pictures do not match with the products .
The photos of their products are surely more beautiful than they are in reality .

Good advertisements will deliver the correct information to the customers and help customers make reasonable decision .
On the other hand , inadquate advertisements will affect the brand images of the products and further damage customers .
In my opinion , more and more poor advertisements are showing throuth different media and thus it will be more difficult for customers to make right decision in the future .
I completely agree with the statement , and i quote here , ' It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . '

I am comming to that opinion because facts treat a very limited area of importance , while ideas can be transfered from one case to another .
For example if I know when a famous person was borne it doesnt help me if I have to write an essay about exactly that specific time .
Inspite of that it would help me if i understood in which way that person influenced the world or which idea he spread .

Another point is that in my experience learning facts is very boring and you do not remember them for a very long time .
Ideas are much more interesting because they are more complex and have a brought background which causes the need to deal with the subject and thus are remembered for a longer time .
For instance I had history class in school in which I had to learn many facts and it was the class I did not like the most .
I was taking bioligy classes as well and I liked them best because of those complex and intensive structures which were introduced .

Actionly a very important aspect of supporting ideas not facts is that you can learn masses of facts without abstracting them and without understanding there meaning , belonging or their causes and effects .
Ideas show you the bigger connection between things and offer the possibility of understanding why things happended or will happen in future .
For example imagine a polititian who is holding a speech .
He will tell you some facts and actions he plans .
Thats the one side but you have no clue why he wants to realise his plans , maybe there is a hidden reason for him , think at Hitlers coming up .

This brings me to the next point .
Facts are just a part of a bigger thing .
So people can be tricked by showing them wrong or just a part of the facts .
Ideas motivate people to invent and develope them , to thing by themselves which makes tricking more complicated .

For example Hitler came to power because he told the people facts they wanted to here and which they apreciated , but he rejected some major facts and the idea behind all of his actions so that people had a wrong impression of him and his plans .

So comming to a conclusion there are serveral aspects which leed me to the desicion that ideas are more important than facts .
Not only that people are limited in their ability of independent thinking when they just get to know the facts they might even not be able to understand bigger contextes or just do not want to deal with a subject because they are not interested .
Marketing is an activity that has grown fast and steady for the last few decades .
Some argue that it is exclusively a lucrative , almost an inmoral activity .
Others regard it as creative and valuable as art .

Probably the fact that has been critisized more convincingly is the fact that advertisers tend to overstate the qualities of a product in order to sell it .
People who make such kind of statements , as the one presented above , are convinced that marketing is the exclusive art of embellishing reality and lying about it , since it presents a product that is not quite what is promised to the consumer .
And of course almost everyone has suffered a huge dissappointment when buying for example a tooth paste that does NOT whiten the teeth in five seconds , as it was stated in the package , or when noticing that a package of regular batteries last the same or more than the ones the bunny said would last forever .

I believe , every proffesion is susceptible to human vices .
Lying is therefore not exclusive of advertrisers , nor is it characteristic of them .
I think there are , of course , advertisers who will be willing to sell any product regardless of it is something benign for society or not , or if it is actually the product they are promising to consumers .
Nonetheless , these events occur in almost every proffession , accountants that do not pay their costumers taxes , drivers that drive unsafely , real estators who sell damaged or overprized properties .
So , the fact that some people will want to take advantage of other people is present wherever thers is interaction between human beings .
The only thing we can do about it , is to rely on ethical grounds and hope that eveveryone will perform the job they are expected to in the most honest manner .
I partially agree with the statement .
I consider it true for a certain kind of products and false for other kind of products .
I will explain my opinion by going through the purpose of advertisement , how it works and some practical examples of how it could actually improve a product or just how it could only make it seem better .

The purpose of advertisement is to express one or more ideas related to the product that is advertised in order to increase the appreciation of the product and therefore to convince to buy it or eventually just to agree with the message the advertismement wants to communicate .
The final image that the advertisement gives about the subject could be true or false , bad or good , but anyway if the product is ment to be just a carrier of that image or cluster of ideas associated , the advertisement is functional to the improvement of the product .
Examples of a product meant to carry an idea are generally status symbols or fashion products .
Typically a purse or a very expensive watch have basic functions regarding their original purpose , but these objects are mostly considered for what they look like and the sensation they give due to esthetic values that determine the quality of an image : in fact , they could even not be functional but still used !
The advertisement increases or eventually refines the ideas associated with the object so that the messages advertised are totally functional with the product .
Another example for these kind of products are all types of sportswares to which the advertisement gives the impression that by using it the performance would increase .
Self suggestion in this case actually would increase the performance due to the image carried by the product .

Examples of advertisments that make products seem much better than they really are , are those products that do not carry image importance , but that just need to be functional .
A simple example could be a set of knives that the advertisement shows to be very handy and that cut very well but only beacuse in the demonstration only cooked vegetables were cut .
Another example could be a tool box set that looks great and shiny but is made of cheap materials that deform easily upon medium mechanical stress .
Succesful people are always improving new activities and skills in order to experiment different things and feelings that could help to their goals or enterprise , usually they prefer to do unusual and uncommon activities .
Instead the other ones that are doing the same activity all the time and never will know if they are better in other one or if there is something else that they could do and learn .

When you are looking for new topics , you are always interested in researching , learning and actuallize your knowledge .
You allways want to know what is behind .
Because of this acttitude , many other succesful people in different careers ( writters , politics , singers , scientist , etc ) get their achievements .

The experts argue that one of the successful key is to be a curious person , and a good example that it 's true , is that the most important inventors and scientists in the world ( Einstein , Bell , Cristobal Colon ) achieved their goals because they tried to discover and explain things or facts that the normal people considered common or impossible , so they did n't worry about them .

Of course at the beginning , the process to explore new things is difficult and long , sometimes you have to try with a lot of things and spend so much time before find what really do you want to do or your vocation .

The most important aspect is not to try just for try , or not to take a risk just for take it , you have to establish an object and work hardly for it .
Because in the way that you know where are you going , the more quickly and the more sure you 'll achieve your goals .

There are some other cases , when the pople are absolutely sure that whatever they are doing is the best thing that they could , and they do n't bother to proove anything else and the have success in that way too .
It 's not a bad acttitude at all , because it demostrates confidence and strong-willed in yourself , but all extreme position is nocive .

It 's better to be an open minded person , define your life 's goal in , work for it and try different options in order to look for the best .
The commencement of the twenty first century , see 's a shot up in prices of oils , which was n't the case in the late 1990's which oil prices were reasonable low in compared with the stunning unpridictable price increase .
The problem is very recent and reports suggest that the demand of oil is more then the supply , which is the obvious reason for the shooting up in oil price .

Cars might be tempted to vanish .
Cars need petrolum , and with out this ingrident the car cannot run .
Therefore if the prices are shooting up then the consumer might be tempted to leave or sell his car behind and start his day with a pop on the bus , or undergrounds to secure his/her arrival to his desired distination .

The increase in usage of public transport will become more and more efficient over the coming years .
The public transport provide a cheeper and more time is saved then having to wait for the traffic .

Furthermore lets not forget the usage of technology .
Techology velocity have increased very rapidly over the commencement of the twenty first century .
New developd transporting cabines might well be the case in the next two decades .

Hense now that the oil is being decreased , and is forcasted to vanish in the next two or three decades .
Scientist as well as techology industries will be looking for new efficient replacement .

However we ca n't just rule out the vanishing of cars just like that in two decades .
There are more then 30 cars industries and brands all over the world , and they would n't want to see there businesses currupted in less then half a centrury .

Althouh it has been argued more the once about the enviromental conserns regarding cars , Cars emite alot of gas pollutions resulting in an unhealthy enviromental spot .
These constraints might have had a good effects on the car industry as they may set to launch a new and improved enviromental-freinldy cars , which could run by solar energy for instance , that are very efficient and healthy and the same time .

Therefore i would have to disagree with this statement , I just ca n't see cars just vanishing like that in two decades , Twentry years is not a long time , however i agree with the fact the cars will be less efficient then wut the were in the twenith centurary
From my point of view this statement is only partially true .
Through my studies in the area of management and entrepreneureship I know that the typical successful entrepreneur is not the crazy person many people think .
Quite the opposite is actually the case .
A successful entrepreneur thinks his ideas and plans through very carefully before acting .
Even though it is of course true that there is always some risk involved , risk-taking should not be confused with carelessness .
More over , I believe that a person who really knows where his or her strength lay , can be very successful .
For example , if a person has a passion for and the ability to building guitars , it will probably be best to exploid and build on this ability , rather than try to build many different instruments .
Specialization is the kye here .
So , if someone is good at something and likes what he or she is doing , improving the skills in this area will be more successful that starting to experiment .

This of course does not mean that a person , who focuses one his strengths , can stop learning .
It only means that the energy for learning new ways and methods should be focused on that one particular area .
For the guitar builder , for example , this would mean to every now and then try something new to improve his procedures .
He could maybe invent a machine which helps him to be more efficient .
Thereby he would be would try something new but the risk involved if the machine does not work is limited .

Another way to try something new without carelessly taking risk is to transfer experience .
A person who has gained expertise in a particular area might find a new and different way to use this knowledge .
Using the same example , the guitar builder could for example begin a cooperation with a violine builder and exchange knowledge .
The processes involved are similar but neither of them would have to actually start building the other instrument but both could still profit from the experiences .

After all , I would rewrite the satement as follows : Successful people try new things but carefully estimate the risk involved .
This statement has some truth to it , but the level of truth depends on the situaion and stage of life .
Also , capabilities differ from person to another .
In my opinion , as a child one must be subjected to a wide range of subjects and as one grows older he or she will be able to make life affecting choices , one can then chose a specific subject to specialize in and study in depth .

Children are young and naive , it will be a crime to allow a seven year old to chose whether he wants to continue learning Mathematics or not .
In many schools , students are obliged to take certain subjects as part of the curriculum , but as they approach higher levels , such as high school , they may be asked to chose whether they would like to continue taking a specific subject or not .
Moreover , by then , the student should atleast have an idea of the field ( s ) he or she would like to specialize in at university , and persue a career in that field in the future .

As a child grows older , he or she will come to know his or her interests , strenghs and weaknesses .
In most schools , once a student is in high school , he or she will be required to chose whether to be in the Arts or Scientific Section , this is very beneficial because the student will be able to promote his time and thinking to subjects he or she is likely to persue and major in for the rest of his or her life .

University is the most important stage of life , here one will be able and obliged to chose the field of study he is interested in and is passionate about persuing a career in .
Normally , this will be the final stage of choosing a speciality .

This is why the statement above is relatively true , but not in all stages of life .
And one must be very careful in choosing the specific subject to study .
Although the act of trying new things might be accompanied with a risk , most successful people are using every new oppotunities as the chance .
Working on the thing that they already know how to do well is boring and uninteresting .
People have to face the challenge in order to be successful in their lives .
I leaned this through reading the play called The Raisin in the Sun and from my experience of moving to the U.S. and trying new things .

In the play , The Raisin in the Sun , one of the characters in the book , Walter , tries to pursue his dream of starting his own buisiness .
Despite the opposition from his family members and social unacceptance , he tried his best to grant his dream .
In the book , he said that successful person is the one that takes a risk and that he wants to do the same with his father 's insurance money .
Although he failed to make his dream come true , I thought that trying new things is certainly the one factor to be successful .
It is lot better than just doing things that does not interest a person and even if he fails to use the chance , he still leans something that he could not have gained if he was working in the same , mundane situation .

When I was in Middle School , I was tired of the boring classroom of ELD classes that I have spent most of my middle school years in .
Everyday , the class did the same thing over and over again .
Although I was eager to get out of ELD program , I did not have a courage to lean in completely different situation with people who can speak English fluently and without help of a dictionary .
But one day , I was told by my teacher that I am eligible to get out of the ELD class .
I was excited but anxious at the same time ; I even thought about staying in the same class with my friends .
However , I chose to take a risk and decided to take classes with native speaking students .
Although I had hard time adjusting to new environment and making new friends , I do not regret making that decision and I think that my experience will be useful in future .

The play that I read in the past and my experience of taking risk make me think that successful people are the people who try new things and the people that are not afraind of taking risk .
Doing same things lower people 's motivation and it does not do any good to them .
In my opinion , I disagree with the idea in the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I 'd like to give several reasons belows .
Here is the list of reasons why I think so .

One specific reason that comes readily to mind is that I am able to not only go anywhere with whomever I want to but also change the schedule of travel flexiblly by myself if I go to travel individually .
In traveling to somewhere , I 'd rather want to go not only very popular place but also such a place where it is not so famous .
For example , it happened when I went to germany with my family by not a tour .
After traveling several days in Germany , I went to a small church with my father in early morning .
Of course I also visit very famous place , for example the church of Kelln , but at that time , I was so impressed by the beauty of that small church .
It is one of the greatest experience for me during my stay in Germany .
Like this , Of course visiting famous place by a tour group is good , but I want to go to a place which is not presented by a tour guide .
I think that tour group tend to visit only popular place .

Secoundly , I can be excited by planning a tour itself .
When I travel to somewhere , I always take long hours for planning and organizing the schedule of trip .
I 'd like to consider how I will go round , where I will go and so on .
I can learn the geographic condition of a place or the weather pattern of a place by planning by myself .
It 's preferable for me .
Planning travel is very exiciting activity .
If I went to a trip by a tour group , I would not be able to plan on any schedule because a tour guide must make overall plan .

Of course , I ca n't deny that there should exist some advantages in traveling by a tour group .
If we travel by a tour group , we can receive detail explanation about some histrical heritage or cultural things .
And we may go a place where we ca n't find by ourself because a tour guide is a proffesional and he or she must knows well about sightseeing spot than us .
This idea may make an equally valid argument for the opposite position .
But on careful consideration , I strongly believe that advantageas brought by traveling individually must exceed those by traveling by a tour group .

Considering all of the above factors , of course there are some advantages in traveling by a tour group , I find more advantages in making a trip individually .
Actually , I tend to change my schedule many times during my trip inherently , I think my nature does n't fit the trip by a tour group .
Trip that I can change the schedule flexiblly is far more fascinating for me .
I disagree with the statement , that young people do not give enough time to helping their communities , but actually I can understand the the people , who suppurt it , either .
If you consider young people nowadays , they always tend to be hanging around and avoid doing things , which might be useful at all , not considering , whether it is useful for them or for anyone else .
I must admit , that there are youngsters , who live according to that .
But on the other hand , you have to look for the reasons , why young people are acting like this .
One reason might be , that there is not the appropriate offer in the communities the people live in , which depends on the community itself .
Another reason could be the identification with the people 's hometown , which , in my opinion is strictly related to the size of the community .
Because in smaller communities every person knows every other person so the social reward , is much greater , when people recognize your work .
Furthermore people work together in the communities , who know each other for the whole time of their life , which brings along a complete different kind of motivation .

On the other hand , it is very important to consider the expectations other institutions have on the student as well .
And there are quite a lot of institutions apart from communities , like schools , sports clubs , family and of course friends , respectively the partner .

Young people want to be succesful in school to have the oppurtunity to apply for a good job later , they want to have a hobby they can spend time on and the family and of course friends also want to be part of your life .
If it is quite difficult to handle all these things successful on their own , then it is hardly applicable to fulfill a further task .

Nevertheless it is possible to give time to help your community by declaring it as your hobby , if you find something , which you really enjoy to do .
In my case , I had also the opportunity to help my community , even full-time : one year ago I worked 10 hours a day , five days a week for one year in the civil service as a driver for retarded and elderly people .
By the way , this was a very interesting experience , I will never forget .
Advertisement is meant to attract people attention in order to sell a product .
In this case , I agree with the fact that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .

Advertising companies use people 's psychology in the way they present a product .
They can make fusture customers relate to the products , and ultimately buy it .
Advertising companies rely on how people relate to their products : for example , a brand of shampoo may want to reach out to stay at home mothers and tell them that they will be `` sexy '' and attractive by using it ; a company that sells baseball bats may want to reach to fathers and tell them that by buying thair bats and playing with their sons , they will be heros .
It is not necessarily the product in itself that attract people , but how the advertisement is presented and the idea behind it .

Not every advertised product is good .
For example , I saw an ad on TV about a vaccum .
The ad said that the vacuum could even clean bacteries from the air and that it deep cleans the carpet .
It looked good to me , so I bought it : the vaccum broke the next day .

There is no real way from knowing if a product is good or bad because there are so many advertisements nowadays .
The only way of knowing is by trying out the product ; and by that time , the advertisement company achieved one thing : selling their product .

Advertisement is a part of our society to the point where we cannot tell what is true and what is not in the matters of products : what brand is really better ?
Do we take price into account ?
As a customer , there is so much to take into account that we end up being confused and choosing what `` looks '' good .

Advertisers know how to make use of this fast-paced society , where people do not have time to look closely at a product before buying it .
It is ultimately the way the product is presented that makes them profit ; not the quality of the product .
For my part , I do not think that young people enjoy their life more than adults .
I have in mind further reasons to explain that children or young people also have some problems .

Fisrtly , I think this kind of statement is obviously done by an adult .
Why ?
Because adults or old people have , must of the time , a certain nostalgy of their young years .
I mean they tend to have better souvenirs than what really happenned in their life .
The truth is not in the memories .

Secondly , adults often forget that young people have problems , and sometimes it is not minor problems .
They can meet some difficulties at school .
If children are not good students they might meet some difficulties to have friends or good relationship with their professors or even with their parents .
Even worse , young people are used to face the violence .
Parents and adults often bear in mind what was the school 20 years ago , that is to say safe and quiet .
It is not the case todayany more .
Children face racist and rude words from other students .

Thirdly , and it may be the main point , we need to wonder why when you are young you always want to be an adult .
I remenber when I was ten or eleven , I wanted to be older to be allowed to watch TV in the evening or to be able to do everything I want to .
We have to bear in mind the childhood and the pre-adult steps are really very hard .
Young people must build their own identity , but in the same time they are under influence .
According to official figures , suicide is one the main death causes after car accidents .
It shows how it is difficult to be young .

As a conclusion , it is obvious that yound people heve more leisure times and holidays than adults .
But they also meet situation and problem to sort out .
To be honest I think people are able to enjoy their like along their all life they just have to do the right choice , be happy or sad .
`` Young people enjoy life more than older people do . ''
This is a statement many people from different age groups claim to be true .
But I believe that this statement is not true .

Young people can enjoy life , most of them do .
But the problem nowadays is that all the young kids and young adults have a desire to grow faster and mature earlier in order to be allowed to do more things .
As well , many of them take several things for granted , such as children 's games , situations and experiences that you only experience in your childhood .
They believe that these situations such as climbing the tree or sleeping in a childrens ' house will always be there for them to take .
So they desire to grow up earlier in order to do the things they watch in tv , such as having a girlfriend/boyfriend or going to college .
This fake believe robs them from their true fun , which at their age should be table games , or play station .
For example , my younger cousin who is 9 wants to grow up as soon as possible .
Therefore , he has bought ( with his savings ) things that a grown up should have like a cellphone .
This obsesion to mature has shifted him away of the true enjoyable situations a child should experience .

As maturity comes in a time for everyone , adults know that their time on earth is limited .
Thanks to their previous eagerness to grow up , they did not have the chance to experience all the situations life had to offer .
Hence , this time , they will make time ( if they need to ) in order to enjoy themselves and live life to the fullest .
Although as an adult , one has more responsabilities and concerns , everyone tries to make the time to relax and enjoy life .
This desire for living life to the fullest together with the new oportunities they now have is what allows an adult to finally achieve the joy they 've always been looking for .
As joy is something everyone always desires , they will try to repeat their fun everytime they can .

Overall , the statement that claims that young people have more fun than older people is a fallacy due several facts .
Firstly , younger people try to run past their childhood in order to reach adulthood and have more freedom .
But at this time , they are losing every oportunity to enjoy thier lives .
Secondly , adults now that their time in the world is limited , hence they want to live to the fullest as they can .
The truth is , adults due to their knowledge of life and time , are the ones that enjoy more life .
The question of how many cars will be in use in future times is very significant , in particular with regard to the enormous damage the use of cars cause to our environment and the shrinking oil supplies of the world .
It 's a matter of fact that soon we wo n't be able any more to drive as many cars as we are driving today .
Thus , we should think about alternative solutions in order to come from one spot to another .

Maybe today 's cars are the less pollutive ever , but nevertheless the air pollution caused by everyday traffic is still enormous and nearly unbelievable .
This air pollution does not only affect future generations , but we as well feel already the consequences , such as a constant elevation of the world 's average of temperature , leading to a dangerous shrinking of ice in the mountains , or unknown climatic catastrophes such as Hurricanes .

Because of these climatical changes and their direct impacts on our lives I think , that soon the question , whether to drive by car or to take a train , will no longer be a personal decision .

Besides , the costs of providing an own car increase more and more .
When somebody drives a car he 's totally dependant on the oil company 's will .
It is true that they are defending the high costs by bringing forward the difficult political situations in the countries where they are exploiting the oil , but for the consumer this does not change anything : he has to face the high costs .

Thus , these high costs will soon oblige the people to consider alternatives , because they ca n't afford the amount of money that is necessary .

And even if the costs will reduce to the former level , oil exploitaton remains a temporarily limited exploitation , because it is no renewable ressource .
So , sooner or later , everybody has to change his habits .

In my opinion , a future vision of streets with only a few cars driving , is a positive one .
The best thing I can imagine is a world in which nearly all places are connected by a train network .
The construction will be expensive but it will be worth it because everybody will use it , in particular if this kind of travelling offers accomodate prices .
As in all areas , there are many disagreements on education approach .
Regarding teaching methods , some believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Both teaching methods are highly used in all over the world , but when it comes to my teaching method , I am a clear defender that it is far more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn plain and simple facts .

It dose n't require any type of creativity for a student to understand a fact .
Facts are facts .
Facts cannot be developed nor changed .
On the other hand , ideas and concepts require creativity and development .
By teaching students to understand an idea , you are teaching him the why and how of the fact .
You are fostering the student to think about it , analize it and reach his own conclusion - a conclusion that with time , will develop in

Take the example of a teacher who is trying to teach his student not to swear at other people .
If he would tell him not to swear beacause swearing is against the kinder-garden rules and it sounds bad ( which are facts ) , the kid is most likely to stop swearing because those are the rules , he was told not to , not beacause he has understood the concept of morale , or because he regrets hurting people .
If we teach him the idea , the concept about swearing and all its consequenses ( which are such and such ) , the kid can truly understand why not to swear .

By teaching our students the idea and the concepts behind the facts that control our lives , we are encouraging our students to become flexible , analize and have a mind of their own .
We are forstering students who do not only know the facts , but also know the why and the how of facts .

David Zuniga Leyton
Recently , it is more common to have a tour guide while travelling than going a trip without a tour guide .
While some people like to have a tour guide to see many attractive sites , in my opinion it is not the best way to travel in group led by a tour guide because of it has lots of restrictions .

First of all , people travelling with a group led by a tour guide have a time constraint while travelling .
Suppose you want to spend more time in a museum than in anywhere else , but you are given only 20 minutes to stay in the museum .
How possible is it for you to stay when the bus leaves after that ?
If you have the flexibility of your time , you would not have to encounter this kind of problem .

Second of all , travelling with a tour guide with a lot of people will more likely give less personal experiences .
I would like to give my experience as an example .
Last summer I went to a trip to the Rocky mountains in British Columbia Canada with around 30 other people and a tour guide .
We went to so many places in such a short time so that I could not remember where I went .
When I was checking the photographs that I have taken , I could not say any difference about the lakes and mountains that I have went .
Even though I have seen only lakes and mountains for the whole three days , I could not remember one of them in special , because we had spent only short amount of time on each place so that I did not have any special memory or a feeling in one site .

To conclude , I would rather travel with my few close people without a tour guide than having lots of restrictions while traveling .
A famous poet said , ' Travel to discover yourself . '
I would rather have more time for myself in one site while travelling than visiting many spaces without any specail memory .
Sometimes , what people believe to be a fact turns out to be wrong , and many people are astonished by it ; however , their notions toward the fact are less likely to be changed .
It is because their minds are already hardened to accept the new information .
Therefore , what people must learn is the concepts and ideas of the fact , not just the fact itself ; since it offers them more flexible mind , the ability to accept the foreign ideas to them , and a broad perspective .
History itself asserts the power of the ideas and concepts .
For example , the fact that the sea water does not freeze is proved wrong by Napoleon .
In most cases , it does not freeze , yet there was a historical event that showed the exact opposite .
Napoleon was the figure who knew the power of ideas and concepts : he broke the dam to invade Netherland ; the breakage of the dam created a very sound lake made by the sea water ; and when the winter came , the lake froze .
The army of Napoleon could invade Netherland easily .
Therefore , it is more important to know the concepts and ideas to apply in real world than to know a single fact .

Also , the students are likely to have more flexibility when they understand the ideas and concepts , since they can apply their knowledge to a variouds range of studies .
For example , a person knows about the way earth moves during the earthquake , then he can adapt that knowledge to construction in order to build a earthquake-resistence building .
It is important to point out that it is not his ability to know as many informations as possible ( knowing facts ) but it is his knowledge and understanding of a certain matter , in other word , understanding ideas and concepts .

In conclusion , it is much more beneficial to understand
Although advertisement is a rather effective and influencial way to increase the sell of products in our modern society I agree with the statement that `` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are '' for the following reasons :

There is a hidden economical stategy behind advertisement : the goal to attract as much people as possible in order to make the largest amount of money at the same time , since every company or enterprise wants to profit most from money spent by customers for the goods offered .
Hence there is competition on the market which advertisments for the goods of every producing company is effective for , pretending that the goods of these or those companies are the best ones .

A further argument for my point of view is that advertisements for products are not necessary by engendering illusions out of reality since in former centuries marketing which advertisement is a part of not even existed so people only praised the goods by talking to each other about it .
The goods were always in great demand and had to be produced since wars occured all over the world much more than nowadays destroying agricultur and economic structures again and again .
Modern technology was also missing which brings me to the next point .

Today we have this technology to produce greater and greater masses of products for people which are in longer periods of peace than in the past so advertisement becomes important to still get a profit or even the maximum of profits from the shrink of the urgent need of products in order to survive .
People must by all means be influenced by advertising campaigns in order to still get attracted in some way of the already long existing production of products of all kinds .
There is no urgent use in order to survive in our western civilized countries .

It occurs very often that I watch television or read a newspaper or journal were advertisements for several products are presented .
Sometimes I decide to buy a product but initially when I test it I become aware of the ordinary use or taste of the product that I already know for years which has not developed to a considerable positive and different extend .
So generally to me advertisement is manipulation of people for products that already exist in our everyday life or new products like cell-phones with many new options that are not really necessary for us to survive and they are even harmless .
I strongly disagree with the statement that `` most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''
Advertising is the media of mass communication where a large number of people can get to know about a product sitting right at their home .
With out advertising how many people will know about a product and how they will be able to judge with out using or knowing about a product .
Advertisements always show the reality of the product .
All the advantages and disadvantages will be shown in the advertisement leaving the viewer to think about the product and it will be the viewres choice finally to get a product or not .

Through advertisements , we will know the latest technologies being developed and the use of these products which may inturn make the life of humans more easier in this complex world .
It may be in any feild , it can be in medical field or can be about kitchen gadgets or about latest automobiles .
These all inturn will improve the quality of human life .

When we look in to the advertisements made about medicines , through these advertisements we will know about the latest drugs that has been introduced which can cure many diseases .
But at the same time the advertisement mentions about the uses , the side effects of a particular drug and at the same time it tells to consult your doctor before using that drug .
Here advertisements are only educating the people about diferrent products .

In case of latest kitchen gadgets , which we may not have known with out the advertisements .
These latest kitchen gadgets have made life more easier with faster cooking and cleaning which in previous years it used to take hours long .
The advertisements shown on the latest cars will definently give us an oppurtunity to buy which is best for us .
Always we can compare with the other models and can buy ourselves the best .

Finally advertisements will give us a better presentation of products , gives us better choice when we are purchasing anything , we can always compare with other products and make a better choice .
This inturn improves the quality of human life and makes this world a better place to live .

In conclusion , advertisements make the products seem as they are and in real giving more choice to the humankind what they need and how their life can be made easier with different products .
There are different opinions regarding whether adolescents recent days do n't give enough time in helping their communities .
Although it is true that there are a lot of examples of young people shown on television or mentioned on internet that gives a lot of helps to the community they are involved in , in my opinion teenagers do n't have enough time to give any hand to their communities as well as no wills to help the community .
In this essay I will briefly give reasons supporting my opinion .

Most of all , the adolescents nowadays are all confused and complicated in their communities as to the quickly changing society .
What I mean by this is that , although some children may have thoughts to help their communities but that they are not capable as to the lack of time they have .
Modern day requires students to spend more time in schools and also to go to institutions for extra work .
Even for small young nursery kids and significantly more for the teenagers , their parents want more and more from their children .
Some students suffer from masses of work due to school , institutions and sometimes private tutors .
They do not have time to give support for their communities .
Further more , as to this busy life they have they lose power to help their society .
After spending a hard time in school .
the institution , a private tutor and finishing their day with neverending home works on their desk , they will be absolutely exausted out by the end of the day .
It is obvious for those students to feel less tempted and enthusiased in giving support for their communities .

Moreover , young people in modern days are more likely to be selfish than those in the olden days .
As I mentioned above their are lots of students who work extremely hard , some who prefer to work hard nd some who are forced to work hard .
However in either way the competition among adolescents has increased dramtically .
I am not saying that there was no competition at all before , but there were truelly less tension among friends and less silent fights among them .
And the changes of this in the society had made the young people more selfish , less understanding , not caring of others in order to survive in this terrifying world , so they have this thinking that helping others will get them down from surviving in the world .
In addition , the parents also gave a great impact on adolescents ' personality , characteristics and behaviours .
In modern days a significantly increasing number of parents nearly obey their children .
They do anything what their child asks and wants , and as to this children are more likely to turn out to be selfish and think that they are the best in the world and that they are not to give any help to other people but to be loved and helped from the others .

As to the reasons I mentioned above , it is difficult for young people nowadays to give enough time to help their communities since they lack time and physical strength to support them and also changes in their personality as to the changes of the whole world and their outer effects such as parents .
Therefore in my opinion it is not adolescents nowadays do not give a lot of amount to support to their own society .
`` IT IS MORE IMPORTANT FOR STUDENTS TO UNDERSTAND IDEAS AND CONCEPTS THAN IT IS FOR THEM TO LEARN FACTS ''

wel ..
there is a lot of difference in learning a fact and understnding ideas and concepts ..
its like knowing what happens if u take a medicine when you are sick and actually taking one when you are really sick ..

its just the same like you can take a horse to the pool but you cannot make it drink water ..
learning facts just ignites the enthusiasim in the students and it draws him or her more close to actually trying to master the fact by understanding the idea and the concept that lie in it .

For instance if we can assume we are in a biology class the students are intially exposed to the facts about the concepts that they are going to learn and this alone doesnt help them ..
if they have to use this in their daily routine then the sole idea of knowing the facts doesnt alone help the person ..
so he has to learn it ..
understand it , and master the concept ..
the facts that a microorganism can be viewed under the microscope , the very fact is very exciting but if the student fails to actually use the microscope and watch the microorganism then wats fun in just knowing the facts ..

but at the same time apart from studies where one has to practically understand the concept , most of the time it is beneficial in our daily rouitne to learn the facts , for example by reading a news paper you will be enlightened with many new facts that most of the time we must have never come across but down the line that bit of information might serve very handy by just learning the fact ..
for example for people who smoke they learn the fact that smoking can cause cancer if smoken extensively so this fact will limit most of the smoking population to limit their daily intake of nicotine .

But for students it is a must to understand ideas and concepts than barely being amused by knowing the facts .

PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE WILL ALWAYS BE STORED IN THE LONGTERM MEMORY IN COMPARISON TO JUST LEARNING THE FACTS .

`` So , i finally conclude that it is always more important for students to understand the idea and the concepts than it is just learning the facts , '' and so i agree to this thought .
I do n't think that this statement is generally right .
Of course , young people have other abilities than older people , and can thus enjoy different things .
But I think that there are also very enjoyable aspects of being old , and this is why I do not agree with the statement .

Being young is in our society often equaled with having fun or being without worries .
I think though that this is a big myth .
Of course , especially the physical abilities are much bigger when people are young : it is easier to stay up long and party without being totally sick the other day in your twenties than in your thirties .
But on the other hand , being young goes also along with a lot of specific problems older poeple do n't have like this anymore .

For example it is very difficult to learn and experience what it means to be adult , to learn to take responability , to learn what person you are , and so on .
This is one main reason , why I do n't wish to be twenty anymore .
I think this can be extremely exhausting - the older you are , in contrast , the better you know yourself and the better you can enjoy that .

Another example is the decisions young people have to make and the expectations they have to fullfill .
They have to decide for a career , find their own specific way and place in the society .
They have to study and they have to go through a lot of frustrations finding out what they want , on the one hand , and what options society provides for them , on the other .

Afterwards people often mystify school and studying times as times of openness , freedom and choice - forgetting how difficult these choices often are , and that this openness and freedom is also a lack of clarity on what life offers you and if you are able to succeed .

In contrast , I can imagine that being old can be enjoyable , although I think that the physical problems most old people encounter may offer a challenge .
Being old can mean that you can finally really enjoy your life after you found out who you are , found your place in the world , and made your way .
I can thus imagine , that being old is actually , at least in some regards , much more enjoyable than being young .
I think young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This can be said from my own experiences and from what I see from other people 's experiences .
One of the reasons I think this is because , younger people have more power or stamina to do things .
For example , if a 50-year old person were to play baseball , he/she would have a hard time in hitting the ball and running to the base , and catching a ball and throwing it .
As for the younger people , they still have a lot of strength and energy left to move around and use as much power as they want .
Younger people have an advantage that they are able to move quicker and stronger compared to older people , so I think younger people would enjoy sports more than older people .

In my own experience , my dad and I were playing catch .
I could throw really fast at my dad , but my dad could n't throw that fast .
I think this was because he got tired faster than I did , or he did n't have much strength so he could n't throw a ball like he used to when he was young .
We can see that if we get older , our choices of what we can do will decrease .

Another example that young people enjoy life more than older people is that young people can fool around more compared to older people .
This can be said because if an adult were to jump around naked in his/her yard , he would get caught by the police .
On the other hand , if a 5-year old boy were to jump around naked in his yard , he obviously would n't get caught .
As you can see , older people have more restrictions compared to young people .

In conclusion , I think that young people will enjoy life more than older people do .
This can be said because younger people have more opportunities to do certain things than older people like play a sport , or go naked in your yard .
I have never been old before , but in fact , I am having the greatest time in my life now , YOUNG !!
Today 's youth is a busy and stressed one .
Too busy to interact with their communities and their surroundings .
Young people have responsibility such as school and afterschool activities as well as the desire to have a social life .
It is because of these elements that I agree that young people nowadays to not give enough time to helping their communities .

As a highschool 12th grader , I must admitt that the mayority of people my age to not have time to help their communities .
School is a hectic responsability and homework is increased throughout the year .
When I have time off , I need to work on future homework assignments or on organizing my time for the other responsabilities that I have prioritized as more important than my community .

Another element in young peoples lives that takes away from helping the community , is afterschool activities .
As an avarage highschool student , I take swimming classes afterschool or help the student council set up school events .
If i am not working for the school or for my physical being , than i am in town practising for my SATs .
I spend most of my weekdays worrying about my grades and my reponsabilities as a grade representative , than wondering what i could do to help the community .

Once school and afterschool events are over , I use my weekends to relax and go out with my friends .
Young people nowadays do n't really care about the community and rather worry about their own problems .
If you ask young people what they find most important you will realize that their answer is selfish , in that it only thinks about themselves , because they only have time to worry about themselves .

In conclusion , young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities out but , it is only because we lack the time to do something about it .
If our lives were more organized and less occuppied , perhaps an interest in helping our communities would surface .
I agree with the statement , that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts , for several reasons .

First , I think that the students should understand ideas and concepts because then they really know how a thing works .
When they just learn a fact they will forget it soon after .
On the other side it is obvious that they when they understood something once they will not forget it for a much longer time .

However , sometimes it can be important to learn facts .
The students should learn some important facts , because it is nessecary .
For example , I think everzbody should know when the second world war startet and when it ended .
This is just knowlege that everzbody needs that live nowadays .

Second , I think in the modern world it is much more important to understand ideas and concepts because today it is to difficult to know all the facts .
We live in a world where everything is specialized .
Nobody is able to know all the facts , so it is much better to understand the basics .
Facts are getting more important for the persons who work and don t go to school anymore .

A doctor for example has to know how the human body works .
He has to know all kind of bones of a human being .
For students it is not important that they can show all the specific bones of a human body .
It is possible that a student that learns all the bones , will become a lawer in the future .
Then he has to know completely different things

In conclusion , I agree in general with the statement .
I just think that it is important for the students to know some basic facts .
I totally agree with the statement .
Successful people try new things , take risks .
because this is the only thing how they can keep their success going on .
I do n't have big ego , but my friends and people around me say that I have been a successfull person so far .
This is really nice to hear , but what really make people think I am successful .
For example , I am an exchange student .
I actually live in Turkey .
I crossed Atlantic Ocean and I came to the USA without my family or without my friends or without the places I used to see .
This is really big risk .
Since you do n't really know what you might see and what might happen to you .
New country means a new world and also a new enviroment .
I know the life in Turkey , but I felt that I had to see new lifes styles on the earth .

Let 's talk about an old leader of a country : George Washington .
I do n't know G. Washington very well , however I can say that he was pratically the founder of USA , he might have wanted to stay under the rules of Britian , or be an empreror .
But he took risk and he did what he believed in ( Democracy ) .
His ambitious was an independent America and he did it .

How did we improve our technology ?
God did n't give us everyting .
We had to something .
Humanity had to explore and invent new things for a better life .
If Edison liked candle light and he was not curious about new things , would have we had light bulbs ?
No , I do n't believe so .
Even tough we had , I am sure It would be later .
He tried a new thing and actually he took risk against people who were disagree with him .
He did not want to do what he already knew how to do well .
And now , we can say that he was one of the most successful scientist ever in the world .

How do you think that electricity was explored .
Thanks for Franklin , his curiousity provided better life for us .
I would not be able to write this essay on internet unless he tried new things .
That was one of the thing which made him successful and unforgottable .

To try new things could make you popular in your friend group .
Since every new and interesting thing you do will provide you good points .
You might be seen as the crazy boy/girl .
In fact , that makes you interesting person rather than successful person .

For those reasons , if you want to be successful person , you should start to try new things and take risks .
Because what you already know is not enough .
It is well known that education is a tricky issue .
It raises a lot of questions and everybody does not agree on it .
Indeed , educational differences between countries is a telling example of those questions .
Specialization is prefered in some countries and others adopt a general educational pattern .

From my point of view , a general broad knowledge is better than to spezialize in only one subject .
I support the idea that with a real general knowledge you develop your ability to have a general view of the world .
A case of point to highlight is that , yet among Ancient Greek philosophers a general knowledge was the condition of the achievement of the truth .
That is a general statement in which I believe .

Second , this Ancient belief of general knowledge has gone across centuries .
I am convinced that it is still true .
For instance , in my school , I am studying sunstainable development .
Although some good actions are done without this general view , it is not enough .
You have to consider all the parts of an issue before acting .
If you try to develop fair trade , be sure that transports will not be to harmfull for the environment .

Finally , from my point of view you can specialize after having received a general education .
It is the French educational policy .
Children must go at school and learn various subjects before specialize at college .
In my opinion it makes children more likely to become good citizens , they have some knowledge in many subjects .
For instance to vote , they are more aware of main issues .

By way of conclusion , I would say that even though specialization is important and allows people to reach an accurate knowledge in one subject , a general view provided by a general knowledge is the way to avoid some big slides .
Traveling is one of the thing in life that almost everybody enjoys .
Everyone , however , has his own opinion about whether nor people should be led by a tour guide during the trip .
From my point of view , i think that traveling without guide will make us at ease and feel dependant .

Traveling wihout guide will help us to get more about the culture and get us to know the real people .
i am not saying that having a guide is not good .
it just will not make us know everything about the place you are visiting .
Tour guides always have a map showing places where tourists have got to visit .
In other words tour guides tend to show people only the beautiful places and cultural ones .
For that reason people who visit places by themselves tend to have more knoweldge and information than those who have been led by a guide .
Those that go by themself , does n't have to visit certain place but the whole entire place so they will get to see many things than the ones that have guide .
In addtion people that travel by themself visit and see the whole place freely .
the beautiful and the ugly ones .

Moreoever , When you travel alone , you will have to ask people to show directions so you will get an idea on how people think and interact with foreigners and even you can ask them questions about the cultures and the customs that they have .
Whereas , traveling with a guide you would n't be able to interact with the native speaker and you always be dependant on the group .
Traveling alone is cheaper than traveling in groups .
Because traveling in groups you will have to pay a fee to the company that will take care of you whereas , traveling by yourself you will just need your ticket .

In conclusion , i can say that traveling alone tend to be more fun and will help us to know a lot about the culture and will make us free to visit interesting plaves wihout rush or pression .
Advertisements are today parts of our life .
We can see them everywhere , on television , in the street , on highways , in our mailboxes .
It is the best way to make people know a new product and to sell it .
But , in my opinion , most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .

An advertisement is studied by a company in order to present a new product .
The obvious goal of advertising is to make the product appear ideal and appropriate for the custumer .
To sell shower gel , for instance , the advertisers will tell you that it smells like nature and that you will feel really relaxed by using it .
In most cases , the customer will think that this product is appropriate for him through this completely subjective presentation .
Advertisements are playing also with customers and making them dream .

On advertisements , only the qualities of the product are mentionned .
This way , the customer cannot really imagine what the possible disadvantages are .
For instance , in France , Suchard , a chocolate maker , made beautiful advertisements for its new product .
They were so well done that you wanted to taste one immediately after having seen the advertisement .
But the composition of this new kind of chocolate was not specified and this was the negative aspect of the product , after testing it .
Natural sources were rare and the global taste was artificial and chemical .

Furthermore , on advertisements , the customer only see the product ; he cannot take it in his hands and touch it .
For clothes it is a great problem .
When you look at pictures where a new dress is presented , you cannot touch the material and see the right color .
Light plays a major role in clothes'advertising and it may give the customer a false impression on colors .
It is also impossible to see if the global quality of the product is good or not .
Because of this , the customer often imagine what he cannot see and touch .
That is the major problem of advertising .
We naturally imagine what the qualities could be , without having any evidence .

In conclusion , I would say that advertising is made in order to sell a product .
In this way , it only present the good aspects of the product .
But , if these advertisements are making products seem better than they really are , cutomers are also responsible for it , because they use too much their imagination .
As a consequence , they are often disappointed when they see the real product in front of them in the store .
With the advent of the `` electronic era '' and other significant technological developments , it is true that there are many attractions which may divert the youth a little .
But it is not true to state that they are not devoting enough time to helping their communities .
The following reasons will substantiate this view .

Firstly , every young person grows up with an ambition .
Some would want to become doctors , some engineers and some even accountants .
Ultimately they get a job .
In effect , by being a doctor or an engineer or taking up any profession , they are providing services to their community .
Some may work abroad like the NRI 's and send money to support their family , thus raising the economic status of the society .
Thus , even if they are not aware , they are providing useful services for the community .

Secondly , the central theme of any religion ( or most of them ) is good works .
Thus any pious youth will definitely work towards the improvement of their community .
So one cannot make a vague statement that all the youth do not give enough time to helping their communities .

Thirdly , many colleges and universities have clubs that focuses on improvement of the community .
For example in the college where I studied , there is a club where some students decided to provide basic education to the under-priviledged .

Finally , one cannot deny that many hospitals would require their interns to go to some remote areas and provide free treatments .
Some countries like Germany makes it compulsory for the youth to commit to either social or military services .

In conclusion , it is true that modern gadgets , to some extend , have made people more selfish .
But one cannot deny ever that young people do take pains in helping a community as expounded above .
I agree that it is more important and beneficial for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
This is because it is basically the ideas and concepts that lead us to various facts .
Ideas and concepts form the basis of all the learning .
Concept defines the rules and regulations assosciated with a certain term .
If an individual is clear with his concepts , he can understand everything related to that concept .
For example , if a person 's english grammar concepts are clear , then he can understand and write any of the views expressed in English language easily .

Idea is basically a motive behind doing of a certain thing .
Whatever , we do , we do it with some idea at the back of our mind .
For example , if a person is pursuing a management course , he is pursuing it with the idea that a management course will provide him a wide variety of oppurtunities in his career .
Similarly , various ideas form the basis of our different actions i.e drinking water to quench our thirst , eating food to satisfy our hunger .
If a person understand the basic idea behind any task , he will be able to comprehend the implication of that task completely .

Facts are normally stated .
They are the outcome of various observations and experiments performed under certain conditions .
But facts do not always depict truth .
They may be true in one sense but they might be wrong in some other sense .
For example .
if an observation states that a particular type of technology is the most sophisticated technology in its field , this might be true for some but for some whose parameters of observation differs from the parameters of earlier observation might not think so .
Moreover , facts can be altered to meet certain specific objectives .

Hence , I believe that it is more important and essential for students to get hold of ideas and concepts rather than cramming facts .
Understanding ideas and concepts will help them think more logically and practically .
Facts might mislead them but concepts and ideas will always lead them to a logical path .
Understanding of ideas and concepts makes individual 's thought process more effective and efficient .
I believe that there would be more cars 20 years down the lane than there are today .
My statement is based on below facts .

As of now only 7 % of the world population is using cars .
Mostly this population resides in developed countries .
The ratio of people using cars in developing and under developed countries is very low , due to poverty or shortage of disposable income to be spent on luxury .
The statistics show an upward trend in income of people living in developing and under developed countries

For example , number of cars on road in developing countries like India and China have seen a 30 % growth annually over the last decade .
Other countries are joining this race .

Further the government of such countries are also providing infrastructure in terms of roads .
Hence , using a car becomes easier .
In addition , the world is moving towards globalisation .
With this , availaibilty of cars for sale and availaiblity of wider range of cars like cost effective cars is being witnessed .
Hence , people would be able to buy and mainatin a car more conviently , than today .

For example , in last 2 decades there has been a 300 % increase in number of people directly or indirectly involved with automotive industry .
This is only possible if the automotive industry is showing very positive growth signs .

Moreover , the change in outlook of people .
Cars which were once considered a luxury are now being viewed as neccessasity to remain mobile .

One more very underlying but important reason for people not to buy cars is its running cost i.e. cost of fuel the car runs on .
With invention of cars which run of water , solar energy or japharta ( a seed which can produce pertol ) and other such biodegrable sources , using a car would gradually become cheaper and envioremental friendly , encouraging more people to buy & use car .

Further rate of car being disposed of as non usable is very low , as technology is available to refunction and reuse them .

All the development mentioned above is taking place gradually and it will see its peak after to 18-20 years .
Hence , my claim .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In fact , I believe that in any mature market , this embellishment of the truth on the part of the advertisements is inevitable .

It all begins from the fact that usually , most companies do n't have the luxury of being in a product space where they have a monopoly .
This means that they are continously competing with each other to sell their products .
This means that they have to constantly innovate to try and make a better product .
But the innovation does n't stop just at the production , it continues into the selling stage and that 's where advertisements come into the picture .

Now in an ideal world , an advertisement would be indistinguishable from the specification of the product .
A company would just state the features of the product in a technically accurate manner and let the buyer decide .
Unfortunately , in the real world , usually , the buyer is a human being , which means that he most probably does n't have the time , patience or even at times the expertise to make a decision based on just the specification .
This means that the information provided to the buyer needs to be summarized into simpler and easily digestable form .
It is this gap between the real specification and the information provided to the customer that advertisements really become an important tool in boosting sales .

Thus while summarizing the information , advertisements give the company the opportunity to smooth over the defects and accentuate the good qualities of the product .
To take an analogy , the same way make-up enhances a woman 's beauty , advertisements enhance a product 's appeal .

Also , considering that only that much can be done to improve sales on the production side ( for example , how much innovation can really be done in a tooth-brush ? )
after some time , advertisements are left as the only viable alternative to push sales .
And once one company starts advertising , the others have to naturally follow which soon degenerates into a rat race of who can bend the truth more .

Therefore , one ends up with ` new-improved ' shampoos where the only thing that has been improved is the label , health equipment which can make you lose weight almost instanteously , and tooth-paste which can land you that dream-job or man .
The statement `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects thn to specialize in one specific subject '' is a debatable one .
On one hand , specialization in one subject makes individuals an authority over the subject .
Their expertise make them a trusted name in that field , gives them a great career and lead them towards great inventions or discoveries benefiting the humankind .
On the other hand , having broad knowledge on many subjects will make individuals develop wholesome appraoch towards a problem .
I will go with the first view , that is , it is better for an individual to have specialized knowledge .

Specialization leads to complete mastery over the subject .
It makes the efforts of the individuals completely focused which is very fundamental towards doing high quality research .
For example a student of history doing a research on the 19th century situation which led to industralization of a particular country will knwo doubt benefit from having a bit of knowleged about the way the machines work .
But in order to create a historical work he has to work in accordance to the principles of research in field of social sciences and not get diverted by going deep into unnecessary study of the technique of manufacturing a particualr product .
Thsi way he will not do jsutice to the historical problem which forms the bsis of the research .

It is specialization and not broad based studies of a variety of subjects that have led to great inventions and discoveries .
If Galileo was much botheres about the social , economic or political aspects of his research he would not have revolutionised the world of science with his celebrated inventiona nd exceptional discoveries .
If If adventurer Magellan would have gotten busy in studying the society and culture of each place that his ship landed to , he woudl not have achieved soem of the greatest landmarks in geographical discoveries .

Lastly , specialization improves the job prospects of an individual .
Most hig paying jobs require specialists and not the `` Jack of all trades and master of none '' . even in the business world one would trust a person who is a seasoned trader rather than a perosn who is a part trader .
part time artist and a part time journalist .
He would not be able to do justice to either of the professions mentiones in the previous sentence .

To conclude , a person with specialization is what the world needs .
It makes a person consistent and explre all aspects of the given specialization whihc will not be achieved by having broad based knowledge about various subjects .
The evolution of humanity and society is a curios phenomena and it is still in progress .
I believe that one of the most important elements of modern society is the division of labor .
That is how humanity managed to evolve and advance .
Therefore , I strongly argue that it is better to specialize in one specific subject .
In order to clarify and explain this thesis statement , this essay will first explain the advantages of division of labor and consequently focusing one particular area of concentration .
Then it will point out the drawbacks of studying on multiple academic subjects .

The division of labor means basically that certain people will work or specialize in certain tasks or issue areas .
For example a normal city would have seperate police department , firefighting department and medical centers .
People who work in these different jobs would be trained accordingly .
It is pretty much the same for the academic subjects .
A person who receives a proper medical education and training would not be the ideal candidate for a further education for education or architecture .

Secondly , in order to have broad knowledge on many different subjects requires so much education and training that probably a period one lifetime would not be sufficient .
There is also a very good chance that people will lack the reqired drive and enthusiasim or simply the interest to study and work hard in order to gain knowledge in various issue areas .

Also people are generally good at certain things .
For example , I feel confident about my skills on social scinces .
I like to read , listen and discuss international relations .
However , I have never been good at maths no matter how hard I try .
In other words , people like me may just lack the talent or the capacity to succeed in multiple and disparate areas of academic subjects .

As a result of all the pittfalls mentioned above about the multi-disciplinarity and the obvious advantages of the specialization on one area of concentration I firmly believe that people should work on one subject and master it .
I strongly disagree with the statement given .
It is not good to have a broad knowledge about many academic subjects .
A broad knowledge will not get you good grades in the examination at school .
Everyone has heard the famous saying `` JACK OF ALL TRADES BUT MASTER OF NONE '' .
Also little knowledge is a dangerous thing .
It can infact endanger a person 's life .
For example while doing the CPR technique to resuscitate a dying person you need to have the complete knowledge about the procedure , otherwise you can put his or her life in danger .
Another place where the specialized knowledge is useful is the `` school of life '' .
Having a specialized knowledge can create a great career oppurtunity .
This can translate into a prosperous and comfortable life .
Another point to be considered is that people who have a broad knowledge about many subjects are generally restless people who cannot concentrate long enough on any subject to master it .
This loss at concentrating will result in failure at every stage in their life .
This will make them a complete loser .
Also people who have specialized knowledge will make a positive impression on their kids .
This will result in highly inspired kids who will then become able and successful adults .
These kids will in turn produce another great generation .
In fact specialized knowledge can transform a dismal or moderate nation into a truly great one .
This is the stuff winners are made of .
A broad knowledge will only take you so much far , but to go that extra mile you need to have a something `` EXTRA '' .
This extra is specialized knowledge .
In the end I would like to say that it is really much better to have specialized knowledge about a subject than to have little knowledge about everything under the sun .
Go for specialized knowledge guys , it is certainly worth it .
If you can explain from each topic a few things it is good ; you have knowledge .
However with your unfinished explanations you could confuse people even more .
Also in todays world there is a request in people who have specializations on one topic .
In todays society it is better to have specialized your knowledge on on specific subject .

Having a little bit of knowledge in many topis is not so effecient in todays society as if people are specialist on specific topics .
For example most people know something about computers .
When the computer is broken they may try to fix it with their limited knowledge .
This however may produce even more harm .
It would be better to bring it to a specialist on Computer who know what he or she is doing and fix it properly .

Another reason for beeing a specialist is when you try to find a job .
Most buisnesses looking for people with special abilities which are useful for their companies .
So if you have a lot of knowledge in a specific subject which they need you are more likely to get that job .

When you are a specialist you can use your knowledge to research on your specific topic and might find out something useful .
For example the Wright brothers knew a lot about flying .
With help pf their knowledge they managed to built a plane which actually flew .
And now look how far humanity got with the invention of the plane ; communitcation became so much easier .

Imagine what would happen if teachers would not specialize in a few subjects .
Students would properly never be able to learn in depth about the ideas represented in the `` Scarlet Letter '' .
Nor will they be able to learn how electricty works .
Teachers specilize on they subject so they can answer all the questions one might have .

It is very important to specialize you knowledge in one specific subject .
With your knowledge you will be able to help people with problems including your specified topic .
It is also easier to find a job since companies are looking out for peole with specializations .
The power of knowledge can also be used to improve the living standarts by researching on planes or deseases .
However you should never forget to know something about the other topics .
If you do n't you will isolate yourself from the rest of world because you do n't understand what is happening .
So be sure to kow a bit of everything and at the same time specialize in one specific subject .
In these days many topics have become important points of discussion .
One of this , is the belief that in the future less cars will be use because of consequence of different reasons .

In my opinion , we will still use cars in twenty years time but no for so much longer and no as much as we use cars now .
The main reason why I think this way , is because obviously our natural resources are decreasing very quickly , especially , the petrol and everybody knows that this it is a limited resource .
Anyway if we still have some , in twenty years time , the price of petrol will be so expensive than just a few people will be able to afford it , and it would be reflected in the number of cars in use .

Another reason to support my idea is that hopefully , harder laws in relation to enviromental and ecological issues will be aplied , therefore people will be more concern about the danger we are exposing earth just using our cars everytime we want to go somehere .

But , probably , more than anything else , the reason cause I thing cars will no be in use as much as they are today , is that important changes in transportation , distribution of the cities and new energetic resources will come soon .
Maybe new discovers about the use of nuclear energy will help to develope new ways of tranportation or will increase the private use of the aeroplane .
If we think , that probably the cities will be situated far away from each other and in more isolated areas , with no roads , the use of the aeroplane as private transport will be very usefull .

Summarizing , if the volume of cars will remain the same , will reduce or increase , is a question that will be anwered in a very short while .
Meanwhile , I think we should start reducing the use of automobiles and bidding for alternatives ways of tranportation as the train , tube or tram which are more favourable to our enviroment .
The question being asked is whether it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to rather specialize in one specific subject .
In my eyes this question brings up a very important issue in times of increasing interdisciplinary work .
Many companies want their emloyees to work trans - or interdisciplinary and I personally think for this it is necessary to specialize in one specific subject .

First of all , concerning the fact that human knowledge increases so fast nowadays I think it is almost impossible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects such as Leibnitz did for example .
Of course , a person can still have a good general education and can be interested in many things , but when it comes to knowing a lot about academic issues there is a limit .

Second I feel that only people who spezialize in a certain field will be able to find a good job in our society .
Especially in science it is necessary to have experts who know almost everything about their subject .
Because only those people will be able to get so deep into the topic that they will eventually find new solutions to problems .

And for getting so deep into the subject I am sure that it is crucial to focus and to specialize in one specific topic .

Naturally it is important to work together with people of different academic fields , as it is wanted by interdisciplinarity strategies , but that does not mean that everyone has to everything .

In my eyes the best solutions for current problems will be found when many experts will come together on one table and exchange ideas .

So , in conclusion I feel that nowadays it is just not possible to have such a wide range of knowledge and as a matter of fact I think that it is not necessary if people of different subjects start working together .
I think that every age has a different joy throughout a human 's life .
Young seem to do more activities and anjoy a lot but this does not mean that older people do n't enjoy living .
They also have fun but in their own ways .

Young people have less responsibility so they are more careless .
They only try to spend their time enjoying themselves .
They live for the moment without thinking about past or future .
They have more energy so they get involved in physical and outdoor activities such as sporting games , concerts , parties and parks more often .
They are much resistable and strong which lets them to be able to take more risks .
During school years there would be a lot of friends around to spend time together .

On the other hand , as people get older they take more responsibilty so they change .
Usually , after school they start working and later they get married .
They become more mature and they learn to enjoy life in other ways .
They may not go to parties , take risks or have a plenty of friends but having success in work , maintaining a happy family , having a pleasant dinner with old , trustful friends are joys of life that ca n't be replaced with anything .
As people grow they see the world from a wider perspective so life becomes more meaningful and tasteful .
Humans may get older and may have some disabilities because of age by time but living with good memories and seeing their grandchildren is much valuable than going into pubs .

In summary , in my point of view it is very superficial to think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
People enjoy every stage of life if they live a successful and honored life .
People should live their lives in a way that when they look behind they should not regret anything .
Cars are a way of life today .
They spell convenience because they get a person 's chores done much faster .
It is possible to reach any part of the country with the help of a car and the inaccessible areas have greatly reduced but personally i agree with the statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use that there are today '' .

Today cars are a very helpful means of getting anywhere and they are incredible convenient .
A person has the flexibility of time while leaving and does not have to adhere to some time like would have been the case while travelling by a public mode of transport .
They definitely help you get to many places and is probabaly the easiest option when you have to make a last minute trip .
But their convenience is out weighed by the crisis cars will face in the future .

Firstly there is the oil crisis .
With the ever rising prices of gas , cars will become a less economically viable option to tons of people .
This along with the ever increasing shortage of gas .
I believe that people will prefer to travel by public modes of transport because they will be more economically feasible and it will serve the purpose of helping them commute .
Shelling out tons of money every month just for gas may not be affordable to alot of people .
With the prices of gas now threatening to cross $ 100 a barrel i fear to think what the situation will be twenty years hence .

Also with the increasing amount of cars and not enough room to drive , people will not want to drive to work or their education place because navigating all the traffic can be pretty tiresome .
Also the place available for driving freely and not through congestion i believe will be limited .
While i was an exchange student my friend from Taiwan told me that because all the roads are always choked with traffic not many people owned cars in Taipei .
They preferred taking the metro or just walking .
I believe with the increasing infrastructural development and increasing population the streets are just going to become more congested .

Hence though the prices of cars might not increase that drastically because they probabaly will increase in proportion with the salaries of people , the maintenance cost of cars will definitely go up .
By maintenance i mean the cost of fuel .
If the cost of fuel rises by a very large extent , which i believe it will because the oil resources are depleting rapidly , cars will not be used often by people .
People will probably opt for commuting to work by public means of transport while using the cars only in certain circumstances .
So i think instead of owning cars people will prefer commuting by buses , trains or even cabs ( taxis ) but not many people will want to own cars beacuse their high maintenance cost along with their depreciation cost would make cars to not be a very wise investment .
They could probably use that money somwehere else where it would reap more benefits .

So in twenty years there will defenitely be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Unless they make more and more cars battery operated and somehow manage to miraculously bring down the amount of congestion on roads to which even today most of the cosmopolitan cities are victim be it London , New York , Taipei , Beijing or Mumbai .
Well i agree with the statement .
Young poople do actually enjoy life more than older people .
Its important here to define what one mean by `` enjoyment '' .
If one means that enjoyment means having your dream car , more money to spend , going to late naight parties and clubs , then yes youths are indeed at an advantage because they have the youthfull energy and charisma and are not prone to health problems as older people are usually prone to .
But if one defines enjoyment as having peace of mind , relaxation and trouble free life then there cant be happier retired person whose son stays with him and who has all the time in the world to play with his 1 yr old grandson .

Young people have the advantage of flexibility .
They can adapt to a new situation more easily than old people who usually become reserved with age .
If you have to shift from one city to another , as a youth you will be able to adjust very easily to the new city and start enjoying your life but as an oldie you wont be able to come to the terms of the new city and make new friends easily .

The most important factor is of health .
Old age often brings many diseases along with it .
And as one grow old he 's bound to have one or the another disease .
This health factor also contributes a lot to the fact that older people dont enjoy much because even if they are youthful at heart , they cant be physically because their health wont permit .

Science and technology have become internal parts of our life .
Every day there are new gadgets to be found in the nearby store and very quickly they make way into our homes .
Internet has shrinked the world but the its the youth that are making the most use of it .
Todays youth is more technically inclined and he knows how to make the best use of the technolgy that is being discovered and enjoys it to its fullest .
The problem with older people is that they are not that much technically inclined and as a consequence are not inclined towards such gadgets which would make there life more enjoyable .
Cars are indispensible for our lifes since they are used very commonly and since they facilitate our transportation to high extent .
Even though this statement is a fact , some people still think that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years time .
What I think is just the opposite due to two reasons .

The first reason is that the technology in twentieth century is improving very fastly that might lead to a decrease in the prices of cars .
As most people experince from computer world , when something new is introduced into the market , the older one gets cheaper and more people can have the opportunity to buy the older one .
I think same situation is also valid for cars .
Since many companies are working on providing cars with superior qualities , the prices of some old cars , still with really good properties , will decline and therefore more people will be able to afford to buy a car .

The second reason is that there are many research going on the development of alternative energy sources for transport other than petrolium , which might provide cheaper fuel for cars .
As most of you know , nowadays many cars are run on natural gas instead of petrolium making the travel expenses much cheaper .
This already lead to the increase in the use of cars as I observed .
Since the fuel is becoming cheaper , people reluctant to buy cars since they do not want to pay huge amounts of money for driving will change their minds .
Furthermore , some hopeful research is also going on about the use of hydrogen in transportation vehicles which might even further decrease the price of the fuel since it is really an abundant element in the world .

In conclusion , due to some technological advances in car production market and hopeful research about alternative energy sources such as hydrogen for vehicles , which will lead a decline in the prices of both the cars and the fuel , people will tend to buy more cars in near future .
I truelly believe that the best way to travel is with a group led by a tour guide because this will save you time , money and will be more enjoyable than being by yourself traveling .

One of the reasons is because the tour guide knows better the area and he will take you to the places that are more important in the area which you are traveling through .
For example if i make a trip to Brasil by myself i probably will not know what parts i should visit because im not familiar with the area , and due to it i wont visit parts that are tourist atractions .
On the other hand if i go to Brasil with a group led by a tour guide i will be definetly taken to the main visitors atraction due to the expirience and knowledge of the tour guide .

Another reason is that you will save time and money because you wont spend time trying to find places unknown for you due to the guideness of the person leading the group .
As an instance , if you try to get to an unknown place while you are traveling by yourself you can spend more time asking the people where is that place located and also you will spend more money paying taxes to get to that part that you are looking for .

In addition if you travel by yourself you may get bored because you wont know anyone rather than if you travel with a group of persons from your city or country because you may feel more familiar with them and it is a good way to meet people due to the time that you will spend with them .
For example if you do a voyage to Europe and you dont speak the language you may find difficult to start a conversation with someone due to the unknown language therefore you wont really meet people and you might start to feel bored due to it .

As a conclusion , i can say that i rather travel with a group led by a tour guide rather than being by myself traveling .
I think that fooling the consumer , who is the one that buys your products , is like auto hurting yourself as by doing this you only lose more customers every day .

If we look at modern day society we can notice how we usually get bored of something or someone very easily .
From weddings that last one day , to events that the day before are hyped and the day after they take place they are forgotten , we usually change our mind more then one time a day .
And this caused the increasing amount of mis-leading ads as the modern day society demands for high quality products at a low price .

This is why I think a product that has been launched onto the market must yes be advertised , but with a moderate dose and in a truthful and candid way .
It is in human nature in fact to want something badly but once you have it to throw it away as after one day we are bored of it and disappointed by it .
In other words : `` the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence '' .
Also its very hard to regain the confidence and trust of a person after losing it the first time .

If a product is too hyped , too publicized and too much talked about , yes it will sell good on the first day , but soon after the consumers will realize that after all what they have been waiting for a long time and thought it was perfect turns out a bad product full of flaws .
In fact we tend to be more critical and analyze a product more accuratly the more we anticipated for it to arrive .
This disappointment , that trust me , will be shared by many others will cause a series of complains on the internet or between friends , that will warn you that that certain hyped product is not as good as it is and will cause in other people a sense of afraidness of spending a fair amount of money on a product that will surely disappoint them .

This is why I think a product should be mderatly pubblicized and when it is , describe what the product CAN actually do instead of filling a commercial or an ad full of asterisks listing the exception or the particular needs that the product must match in order to operate as the ad says so .

Again by representing the average customer , in my humble opinion , I think companies should start commercializing their ads in a realistic ways and stop promising things that do not even come close to the product 's capabilities .
Thus if companies actually advertise a product correctly then they would have a bigger success than advertising it in a mis-leading way , making a fool of the customer , who at the end , is the one that buys the product .
The statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities is although a little extreme , yet correct .
I agree with this statement to a large extent .

Firstly , Young people living in this world of capitalism , are very materialistic .
Success today is judged by the amount of money , or luxuries of life that a person has , and the young people are greatly influenced by this fact .
Young people work towards getting glamourous and high profile jobs .
They concentrate mostly on personal gains and do not give enough time for community activities .

Secondly , some young people are influenced by the violence and crime depicted in films and on television .
A lot of crimes nowadays are committed by young people .
These young people are unemployed and have a tendency to commit illegal acts for money .

Some young people are influenced by radical ideologies and join anti-social , and terrorist outfits .

Some might argue that young people do help their communities by helping and working for non-governmental organisations such as the P.E.T.A , Old age homes and orphanages .
Yet others might cite that some young people are involved in developmental activities for their communities and as such , are not absolutely materialistic .
These facts are true and factual , Yet In my opinion , there are not enough young people involved in the noble and social activities stated above to fully support and generalise the claim .

Finally , a lot of surveys conducted by various agencies clearly show that the young people prefer money , social status , sex , glamour and a strong education a lot more than they prefer helping their communities .
Some young people do have a desire to help their communities , but do not take the step towards realisation of this desire due to a lack of time and commitment .

To sum , most young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Some help their communities , but in my opinion the majority do not help and this is the reason why i feel that the statement , although a little extreme , is still correct .
Young people nowadays are diverse in their opinions and one will find a number of people that have completely opposite opinions depending upon their background or beliefs .
Most of the young people today , I feel , do not give enough time to helping their communities prosper .

To begin with , a reason for young people , today , not to help their communities is basically due to the increase in population that has led to the increase in competition .
For example lets take a person who has spent his childhood in poverty .
Such a person would hardly think about helping his community because the only thing on his mind would be uplifting himself and his family to a higher status .
Due to the amount of competition that exist today one has to be really unique or good in order to be at the top .
Thus , since young people today are more interested in seeing themselves at a higher position they do not think about helping their communities .

Also , young people today have become too narrow minded in their approach to life and do not want to think beyond the future .
For example a person who at the moment is wealthy but doesnt know what is in store for him in the future .
People like these eventhough have the money and resources to help their communities do not do so because they do not believe in it and feel that why should he help others when nobody has helped him .
The fact that he is neglecting here is that in case he does manage to loose his wealth due to some unfortunate circumstances and if he has helped people from his community in the past , it would be those people that would come to his rescue and support him in any way .

However , there still do exist people who do give a lot of time to helping their communities because they have been taught to help others from childhood or have it in them to help others .
Examples can be taken from the young social workers that one finds today .
These workers are dedicating most of their time to helping others and giving them all the support , financially or morally , to come out of a precarious situation .
Thus , one still finds young people that are willing and happy to help others in many aspects of their life .

Nevertheless , in the present scenario young people are more concerned with their families and are only looking towards their betterment .
They are least bothered about what others do and what they need .
Also , as we look to the future the situation is going to get worse and there will be a time when no one will be prepared to stand for others .
`` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities . ''
This essay is in defense of this statement .
Youth today are obsessed with making a quick buck .
The youth idolises glamour and success .
The fact that today 's youth icons are rock and movie stars is hard evidence of this fact .
As a result , `` us '' takes a back seat to `` me '' .

Today 's youth is a victim of an economy that is driven by material consumption .
We are programmed to `` need '' material objects .
The media-from magazines to television to cinema , belches out content that is designed to lower self-esteem and , more subtly , put the identity of the youth in jeopardy .
Thus , we get obsessed with defining `` self '' , and tend to forget that `` self '' cannot exist by itself .
It is the community that defines the individual , and not vice-versa .

How many of us are aware of the goings on around the world ?
How about the next door neigbour .
Are we aware of his or her problems ?
Some of today 's youth do n't even know about the problems in their own family , let alone the community .
For example , for those of us who have grandparents , few actually try to get to know them , and the care senior citizen population is one of the most pressing problems in society today .
Society is plagued by problems and we fail to see that it is we who will inherit them .
Ignoring them will not make them go away .

A start would be to open our eyes to problems of this world .
`` Forewarned id forearmed '' , as they say .
I would only partially agree with the statement since i feel that even though many parts of the world could see fewer cars in use in the future , there are some parts of the world where there could be use of more cars .
i think that , in the developed countries , where there is already a very high cars per person ratio , the use of the number of cars would come down whereas in the underdeveloped parts of the world where this ratio is currently very very less , the number of cars might go up infact .
The passages below explain how .

Firstly there is no doubt that the shortage of fuel is going to be a big problem twenty years from now .
This would contribute to lessening of car numbers and care usage in the future .
Also the increased levels of pollution especially in countries which are highly industrialized , for example many parts of Europe and North America , would lead to the reduction in the number of cars with the objective of reducing pollution .
The governments in these countries would also be able to afford excellent public transport systems that would enable the public at large to commute confortably even without cars .
Also the rising levels of health consciousness could mean people preferring to use more of bycycles and other modes of transport that give some exercise to the body .

However there are parts of the world that are highly underdeveloped for example parts of Africa and Asia and here the levels of industrialisation are very low .
Twenty years from now , these parts would be more developed and hence more money would come into the hands of the people there .
These people would naturally like to enjoy the luxury of a car for the first time in their lives .
Therefore , in these parts the number of cars could go up .
Some people may think that younger people enjoy their life more than old people , whereas other people might find the elder part of life more joyful .
Mainly because youth in our hedonistic society on the eve of capitalism is often seen as the ultimate good , most people may tend to agree with the first opinion .
On TV , in the newspapers the fun that young people have is shown .
Not just the so - called stars of Hollywood or elsewhere try to stay forever young , is it through fashion or the benefits of plastic surgery .

So after all , there must be something about it .
And , yes , it is definitely fun to be young .
Your body is healthy and maybe beatiful , you are free and everything is new and exiting , the book of life is not written yet , everything seems within your reach .

So youth is , frankly said , a wonderful thing .

But the problem is , that in a society where youth seems to be all , being old seems to be the odd counterpart .
Who wants to think about being old , not able to move properly , maybe dependend on medicine and not able to think in new ways ?

But in my opinion , their can be certain benefits in the later ages , too .
You maybe have a lovely wife or husband and a familie that gives you all the fulfilment you have dreamt of when you whre still young .
Whereas youth can be a big struggle in the dark , the age brings the advantage of experience with it .
Furthermore one can maybe afford nice things like big sports cars , houses in the provence or younger women young men just could dream of .

So after all I think that both ages could be great fun , it certainly depends on your personal situation and the personal ideas about every age .
According to this a pure culture of youth is doubtlessly a mislead in cultural development , especially regarding to the demographic changes that will turn us soon into a society of elder people .
When was signed the Human Right Declaration ?
Who signed it ?
Where ?
Are you sure to remember all the anwers by heart ?
If not , do not need to conclude that you are a bad person who does not know anything .
However , this conclusion can be easily reached if you do not know the objectives of the Declaration and its importance .
Maybe this example is not the best but it helps me to explain that even if facts are important , understanding ideas and concepts is a priority .

When students are going to school , they want to learn to better comprehend their environment .
To reach these objectives , they have to think , ask questions and learn ideas and concepts .
Ideas have the advantage to be transversal and be re-use on different subjects .
Indeed , the example of the Human Rights is not only an historical element but also a philosophical and anthropological question .
By knowing the concepts , students can make cross-over and see how some themes are connected .

Facts are still useful but they are mainly illustrations , examples .
They give value added to students to apprehend their lessons to give a practical dimension to a theorical problem .
They should be highly regarded and well-used , however , they should not be seen as the ultimate goal .
Knowing fact without being able to relate them to some ideas is a waste of time .
A person is not more intelligent by the amount of information he knows but by the quality and his ability to use it .
Therefore , students should learn to think no only to repeat .

Finally , once students have ideas and concepts in their mind , learning facts is not the most difficult thing to accomplish .
Our world with the help of images , television , media is full of facts .
You open any newspaper you will find fact on a multitude of subject .
The real difficulty is to analyze them .
That is why I will definetely encourage students to take some distance from facts , think , and try to make some relationship with ideas and concepts .
By that way , they will add value added to their work and remember easily the different historical date , names and facts !
I think it is important for students both , understanding ideas and concepts and learning facts .

If a student understands ideas and concepts he will analyze different positions about a topic and also can have discutions in class .
There are some ideas aond concepts that werw introduced in a particular fact .
So , concepts can help students to understand some facts , because a new concept that explains something can bring a change that became a fact .
For example a discover is a fact in which a person introduce a new concept .

Facts for students are very important in all the fiels of knowledge because it is the way that they can undertand the changes for instance in literature , or history .
There are some facts that shows a change for the people that are includend in this change .
When Cristobal Colombus discovered America was a fact that cause a change not only for all the people living in America in the fifth century , but also caused ne challenges and goals for people that came from Europe .
So a fact is important to understand all the period that follows it .

Concepts and ideas are basic for learning because they give students meanings in all the subjects of study .
In literature there are concepts that students may understand the different literature movements or concepts that some writers introduced in literature that now are important .
In Biology is important the concepts of living species : or in Geology , evolution of earth is a very fundamental concept , all the geological changes that have occurred are also facts that scientists concludend in some research projects .

In conclution , not only facts , but also concepts and ideas are very important for the learning process of a student because in some cases they are relationed and give the student details to understnad and learn in a beter way .
As the countries of the world progress into the 21st century , the ever-increasing complexities have yet again slapped the question of time-management on the face youngsters today .
However , I feel the young people of this century have responded splendidly by ensuring enough time for all activities .

The youngster 's of today are vibrant , dynamic , filled with an ever-increasing enthusiam to perform , achieve , aim high but in all this they still maintain their standards and attitude towards life .
Various qutodian examples of this can be citied from our society .
Renowed writer and Booker prize winner Arundithi Roy is a classical example of this .
She has not only helped in the cause of the ` Narmada Bacho Abhiyan ' ( for saving the river of Narmada in India from pollution etc . )
by preventing the formation of a dam that would have hampered the flora and the fauna of the region tremendously but has also added fuel to the fire by gainings wide-spread public sympathy and amenable opinion on this .

The founder of ` Microsoft ' ( the No1 software firm in the world ) , Bill Gates has contributed tremendously towards various social causes like building up Cancer hospitals , adopting entrie villages after the Tsunami earthquake and promoting education at all levels .
This would have definately required him to take out immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example with whom the youngsters of today relate .

A very qutodian example can be cited as that of my own society 's ` Help the Needy ' organisation of which I am an active member .
This voluntary organisation aims at heping not only those ( humans and animals ) who are needy but also aims at spreading similar feelings and enculcating in the youngster 's of today the very essence of helping their community .

At ground levels , it can be seen that the youngster of today are striving to help their communities and society as a whole by ensuring reforms are enacted and implemented correctly .
The youngsters today are intelligent and discerning and they know that by helping their communities and societies they are actually helping in making their own future better .
Travelling is a wonderful experience that everyone should access to once in a while .
So why ruin it with a group of people you do not know and who do not have the same interests as you do ?
Why let a tour guide take you to only the most crowded places ?
I do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group , especially not led by a tour guide .

Let 's start by saying that we are all different , and that while we may have some points in common with others , there is always an interest that is unique to us .
Therefore , imagine arriving to Paris and joining a group of people that does not include just your family , but also ten unknown persons .
How would you decide wether you all want to go and have a traditional `` pain au chocolat '' with coffee or wether you are all going to go shopping ?
Or how would you decide if you are to all go to the highest level of the Eiffel tower or just go up one level ?
According to people 's interests , it is impossible to do everything that everyone wants and you would be stopped from doing what you really want for the benefit of others .

If you absolutely must travel in a group , I disagree on tour guides .
Of course , they can be helpful on specific information about the city 's monuments .
The problem is that they do not go at your rythm .
For instance , if you are in New York and you wish to spend more time admiring the glittering Times Square at night , you may not be able to because the tour guide will have a precise timed schedule that he must stick to .
I would therefore recommend buying a book with all the information about the specific city .
This has two advantages : you are able to enjoy the city at your rythm and it 's much cheaper !

In all , I do not beleive that a group or a tour guide are the way to go when it comes to travelling because it brings too many restrictions to what should be a complete free pleasure moment in your life !
Knowledge is devine and is a must to everyone in any form it may be present .
But most of us consider that knowledge of only certain limited things or subjects around us enough .
The knowledge in those limited things may be deep and secialized but it does require the knowledge of certain other things also .
So , I go with the thought that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
This can be proved in a number of ways .

If we consider feild of biotechnology as an example we can find many deciplines in it like cell biology , microbiology , genetics , bio chemistry , bio organic chemistry , thermodynamics , instrumentation process , bio process engineering , bio informatics , genomics and proteomics , molecular biology , genetic engineering , etc. if a person taking a subject as biotechnology as his major and tries to confine himself toward the specialization of a certain subject rather than aquiring knowledge in all his academic subjects it 'll be very difficult for him to do anything .

if we consider a person wants to specialize in genetic engineering he just cannot do that without the knowledge of cell ciology , molecular biology , genetic map , instruments to be used , etc. so it is a must for him to know all these subjects from his academics in order to master genetic engineering .

Now a days all the diciplines have become inter related and it is very much difficult to say that a person can master in a specific subject without the knowledge of the other subjects .

If we consider gardening as our next example we need to a little of botany a little of chemistry and a little of maths too .
We can explain this as such , firstly the person intrested in gardening should know what type of plants he wants for his garden and are those plants able to survive in those climatic conditions and next he has to know a little bit of chemistry to know with which chemical the plant is to be treated if infected by any knid of disease or pest and finally maths to know how much quantity of chemical is needed to get the required amount of the treatment effect .
So , in this way if a person wants to maintain a proper garden he has to know a little of the above deciplines .

Like this almost all the feilds are inter related and no feild is specific to itself .
Thus I can strongly conclude that a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialization in one specific subject is always better .
As soon as a child begins schooling he/she is taught to be creative , to think out of box , rather be unconventional at times , challenge the existing dogmas .
Perhaps these are the virtues that have helped mankind in the development of the world today .
These are also reflected in successful people .
They try new things , take risks and this is what makes them successful and different from the common man and perhaps I fully support the statement .

Imagine if people did not try new things and take risks , then would and new metal or perhaps discoveries by Madam Curie be possible .
Would America be discovered by columbus if he did not take the risk to venture out on a round the world trip .
Would we know of legends like Hercules , Achilles or Alexander if they did not take the risk of conquering the world .
Perhaps even today we would have thought that the earth is flat and not round , earth is the center of the universe and may be we would still be writing on leaves instead of paper .

Sucess cannot be quantified and what is success to one might be just an ordinary achievement for other .
To this critics might say that you should do your work with proper thought and achieve mastery in one expertise rather than be a master of all .
This what they would say that `` You should work on only what you know rather than take risks and try new things '' .
But in my opinion the answer to this is that , Would `` Microsoft '' be there where it is today if `` Bill Gates '' had not taken the risk and tried to be unconventional rather be submissive .
Also if we take the example of the field of medicine , then perhaps new discoveries would rather be impossible .
If our doctors had not taken the risk involved in organ transplantation , cancer research , or may be stem cell research then perhaps many people would have not been here today as they are because of them .

To this I may add that being foolhardy is also not advisable .
You should take risks only when you know that there is an element of success there .
Just trying to show off will not land you anywhere .
Therefore if i were to conclude then perhaps to be successfull you will have to try new things and be courageous to take risks but only when it is advisable and needed .
Imitating others might give you momentary success or may be even more but not the recognition wherein you will be remembered for something new .
I disagree that , successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Because doing known things perfectly is also equally difficult .
Also , doing known things well is not easy .

Intially , for a person to be successful he or she needs to be perfect in their respective fields .
So , it is better to master in known field then in unknown areas .
In a known area , a person wil be more confident in his or her work .
For example , a doctor performs operation in his known area but not on other parts of the body , where his area of study is not concerned .

Another hypothetical case is , in a known area a person can assume the output .
But in an unknown area , a person has no garuntee of success .
And also , what to expect as the output .
For example , various explorers known their destination point , only then they start their travelling .

Moreover , for experimenting new things more money would be required .
Hence , the person should be confident completely before putting huge amounts at stake .
For example , funding for satelite where huge money is involved , so much research must be done .

Also , successful is obtained by combining dedication towards the work , talent , commitment , intelligence and many more features .
Also , these qualities can be combined only when there is qaruntee about the output .
For example , NASA scientists does so much research before working on a new project .
They woud not start work in unknown area where there is no qaruntee of output .

Finally , I conclude by mentioning that success is obtained by those people who are confident in what they are doing .
Hence , successful people should do things what they already know rather than taking risks .
In my opinion it is better to have broad knowledge of many subjects .
I believe this , because with a broad knowledge it is easier to work in a team and you are able to fulfill many different tasks .

When working in a team , you have to communicate with your team members and understand what they are talking about .
Because a team does not consist of people who are all specialized in the same specific subject , it is necessary to be able to talk to all of them about their problems .
But to understand and solve these problems you have to have knowledge of other academic subjects .
For example a team in a company works on the development of a new product .

This team will at least consist of one person who figures out , how to sell the new product best and another one will do the technical part and invent new technics .
But if the first one does not understand what is possible to produce , his ideas wo n't be possible to build .
The other one does not understand how the product has to be build to be sold very good .
His new technics may be excellent , but they wo n't be able to sell to the consumers .
Because of this , the team will not be able to achieve good results , because everyone does only have knowledge of one specific subject .

The second important reason is , that you wo n't work on tasks in one specific subject all the time .
When a task is finished there might not be another one in the same area available so you have to do something different .
After finishing a physical research , instead of doing the next research project , you might have to explain the results to other people and help them to implement your results into new products .

Both situations show , that a broad knowledge of more than one specific subject is very important when it comes to team work or changing responsibilities .
In my opinion , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
This is because a person with a general knowlegde of many subjects is usually more prepared for a lot of things in life than a person that knows perfectly everything about a single subject .

I believe that a person who knows about things like science , math , history and art for example is much more prepared for living in our nowadays society than a person who knows only about cooking lets say .
There can be a man who is the best chef in the world , he can be very succesfull in what he does , but how usefull can it be to know how to make the a wonderful birthday cake when you do n't know how to divide it in exact pieces for everyone ?
or how would he know what food is good or bad for human beings ?
or how would he know how to advertize his food ?
how to manage and create a restaurant ?
These and so many other reasons are why it is important to have at least a little bit of knowledge in many subjects .

Also for personal satisfaction , I think it is important to know about different subjects .
I believe a person always feels better when they know more .
I certainly believe that a someone who knows everything there is to know about a subject , like cooking , also feels pretty good ; but going to back to the chef example , how would he feel if he goes to a dinner with all his friends and they start talking about history or politics or world affairs ?
In my opinion he would rather stay home next time and only meet his friends when they want to eat his wonderful dishes .
I think being ignorant in a lot of things can create a low self-asteem for many people , even if they believe they are the best in ONE single subject .

In conclusion , it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one because it does n't only help us with our daily lives but it also gives us a personal satisfaction , because we know about more than one thing .
I agree with the statement on understanding ideas and concepts for a student is more important than learning facts .
A distinction should be made between students in the phase of learning for developing skills for improving understanding of the life and those in the process of learning for a specific work .
The latter may necessitate knowing exact details for the proper practice of a work .
Nevertheless , improving understanding of ideas and concepts is more important to have a capacity to understand life .

First of all , a good reasoning develops with understanding ideas and concepts .
A student memorizing all the facts knows nothing indeed if he or she could not find the linkage between the facts .
For example , a student may memorize dates of historical events .
However , identifying causes and effects will be provided thorough analyzing ideas and concepts .

Secondly , as it is the era of information , a bulk of facts are encountered every day and they are prone to change with a rapid pace .
It is important to extract a useful bundle of information from there .
In that sense , ideas and concepts provide a frame for evaluating everchanging facts .

To conclude , considering the students undertake learning for developing skills for better understanding , ideas and concepts should be given utmost priority in the learning process .
Old people enjoy life more than younger people do .
I think age of people does not affect the enjoy that they can take from life in a negative way .
The most important fact that affects the level of the enjoy they get from life is the characteristics of people .
According to me , the enjoy depends on that the person is social or not .
A young person who is not social may not enjoy from life as older people do .
A social person at older ages can be a member of social clubs , attent to touristic journeys or join to social activities .
However , unsocial young person can stay at home and do nothing except eating , drinking and sleeping which are only the basic activities of a human being can do .

An advantage of old people possess in enjoying more than young people is the age .
Age can be thought as a limiting fact at first ; nevertheless , if we thought more we can realise that it is not .
Young people should work hard to earn their life in economic means and for their career .
They should also spend their time with their families .
In short , they have limited time for too much acivities or duties .
In contrast , old people have no limiting time problems .
They do not to think about their life , their work and their family , since their life is at a stable phase .
On the otherhand , young people have a lot of stress source which decreases or limits the enjot they get from life .
Moreover , their economic status maybe better than the young people .
They can have enough money to spend in social activities .

Another advantage of old people for enjoying life more can be experience .
As they live more than young people , they can easily find anything to enjoy .
For instance , they can go to a holiday instead of palying card games with their friends .

However , one can say that there are several disadvantages for old people to enjoy from life .
Health and old ages are inhibiting agents of enjoying life .
Old people can have sicknesses more than younger people .
In addition , old ages can restrict them to do certain activities like sport activities .
Nevertheless , an old but social person can find alternative activities according to his or her age .

In conclusion , I believe that the age of a people does not defines the level of enjoy that they can get from life .
Furthermore , old ages can provide more opportunity to people to enjoy more from life .
Every people has their own lives , they can enjoy the life , or suffer their lives .
As the topic says , `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' , that is wrong .
I disagree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
I think old people are enjoying life in their ways .
As most people know they are not healthy as younger people so we can think they are not enjoying life .
Enjoying life does n't mean people have to move .
They can read books , listen the music , or drink tea .
It depends on the personality of the person .
Also on the television shows how they think about old people .

First , old people like to talk , it does n't matter who is it .
In the book , Tuesdays with Morrie , Morrie wants to talk to somebody , he just want someone to listen to his story .
So the person who listens to his story is Mitch Albom , he was Morrie 's student once .
Like i said , people think old people are not enjoying their lives because they are not moving , but they are enjoying the life that they have .
Old people are enjoying in their way to find happiness .
Young people are healthy so they can go where ever they want and get everything they want .
But because they are doing what they want , they ca n't be happy .
The real happiness is inside of our mind .

Second , the happiness of enjoy life can be changed by the person 's personality .
For example , one of my friend does n't like to hang out with her friends or does n't like to talk to someone .
But she is enjoying her life in her own way .
I have no idea what does she do when she go home , may be she reads book , may be she collects pictures , or may be listens to the music .
Enjoying life is not like someone says , `` She does n't know how to play so she 's not enjoying her life .
She is suffering her life '' , it does n't mean she is really suffering her life , she is enjoying her life by doing her favorite activities .

Third , yesterday I watched tv show `` Los Angles '' , they had episode of old ladies in the swimming pool .
People can go in the pool with topless , so those old ladies swam without top .
So the worker at the hotel made them go out the pool .
Many people think old people are ruining their lives , but not really .
They are enjoying their lives just like yound people do .

Therefore , everyone has their way to live their lives , to enjoy their lives .
For many reasons , they are enjoying the life as same as yound people do .
I hope prople in the world do n't have fence to the old people , because everybody 's getting old , and we will be the old people one day .
These days there are a lot of trips in a group led by a tour guide but I do not agree this idea .
Of course , a tour guide knows every information about the destination and tells us kindly .
However , I think that this kind of tours makes the pleasure of a travel limited .
The pleasure of a travel means that going to the unknown place , talking with the local people , you name it .
In the travel led by a tour guide you can go to famous place , eat local food , stay at nice hotel but it is difficult to experience the pleasures which I said .

I went to New York with my friends on summer vacation and of cource went to the World Trade Center , Empire State Building and so on but the most interesting memory is to talk with local people .
I am not good at English but New Yorkers I met were very kind and they tried to understand my bad English .
Then I felt the happiness to communicate with foreign people .
In the travel led by a tour guide all schedules are decided by the guide so I think that you can not have enough time to do what you want to .
In terms of money I think that th travel led by a tour guide is cheaper than an individual travel but we can not buy memories by money so I choose an individual treavel .

Some people like to go to famous place and stay at great hotel .
For such people the travel in a group led by a tour guide is better but for the other people like me the individual travel is better .
I agree with the statement that , `` Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are . ''
In this essay I will present a variety of reasons and examples that support my conviction .

The very purpose of an advertisement is to maximize sales of a particular product .
To maximize sales it is imperative to convince people to buy the product and make the product appear much better than it is .

Advertisements highlight the good points of a particular product while neglecting to mention its ' bad points .
Advertisements for new drugs , for instance , often highlight how a particular drug can cure a certain disease while neglecting to mention any side effects that may occur as a result of using that drug .

Some advertisements advertise qualities of the product that are unlikely to be of much use .
However , people may be encouraged to buy the product .
For example , many car advertisements advertise the top speed of car - but who is going to drive a car at 300 km/per hour ?

Other advertisements portray products as they would function under ideal conditions , without describing how they would function under conditions of common use .
For instance , advertisements for mobile phones and other technological items suggest that they can function perfectly for an indefinite time period .
This does not , of course consider the effect of normal wear and tear and entices people to buy them .

The cleverest and often the most successful advertisements make use of subtle psychological tricks to encourage people to buy products .
They do this by ascribing attributes to the product that it may , in fact , lack .
Advertisements for cigarettes are a classic example .
Cigarette users are depicted as fashionable and popular as opposed to those who do not use cigarettes .
No company mentioned the harms of cigarettes until government regulations forced them to do so .
Deodorant advertisements are another example , often suggesting that the male user of a particular deodorant would have women following him left , right and centre !

To conclude then , advertisements aim to maximize sales of products by making them seem much better than they really are .
They do this in a variety of ways - examples of which I have given in the above essay .
On the one hand , I cannot but agree with this statement .
Indeed , according to me , learning facts and being capable of remembering them all does not prove that a student is clever .
It is only a memory exercise , a kind of training for one 's brain .
Students are not dictionaries , and I think we do not have to learn stupidly series of facts .

On the contrary , showing that you have understood the key concepts of a lecture is a real active process .
It shows that you have assimilated the lecture and it is the most important thing for a professor in my opinion What is more , learning facts is very boring and repetitive to me .
It is something unpleasant I have the impression to do only in order to get a good grade .
And most of the time , if this learning is passive , we forget almost everything on the day after the test .
That is why to a certain extent I dislike History courses : there is too much facts to learn .
I prefer reflection about History with concepts and ideas as tools .

Unfortunately , we have to admit that some fields of study like History require to learn facts by heart .
That is why , on the other hand , learning facts is an unescapable step for students , especially freshmen .
In many fields of study , knowing a minimum of facts by heart is an obligatory background for larger studies and reflection .

Obviously , we cannot seriously deal with specific subjects without that very background .
To a certain extent , the facts learnt are the matter and the ideas and concepts are the tools .
The two work together and it is up to the student to take the most of them .

As a conclusion , even if learning facts is something very unpleasant for most of the students , we have to admit it is an obligatory step .
We need a minimum of matter to go further in what we are interested in and to develop a personal reflection on subjects .
Maybe we could develop new ways of learning facts which could be less boring , more attractive and that students could enjoy such as active discussions with professors , with specialists ...
we could sometimes leave our books aside .
I agree that successful people have the ability , the courage or the skills to go beyond what they already know and they are able to do , for trying out new and sometimes risky things .

The history is itself full of examples of scientists , leaders or religious figures who gave a huge contribution to mankind by going further and passing the borders of what was known and widely accepted .
Their aim was finding out new ideas or new ways of doing things .

In Italy , in the 14th century for example , culture and science were still dominated by oscurantism and religion .
The Catholic Church was very powerful and many scientists were prosecuted and killed because they used to profess dangerous ideas for the system .
The world was believed to be flat and none was questioning this .
It was then when Columbus decided to move forward and , convincing the king of Spain to supply him with three small vessels , he sailed into the unknown , towards west to seach for a new passage for reaching the far east .
Eventually he discovered a whole new continent .

This is an example from history but also nowadays it is possible to see how people who look for what is undiscovered can be successful .
We live in a knowldege economy and big and well established companies are often challenged by men and women who discover new ideas and lead the market towards what has n't been explored yet .
An example is Google , whose inventors shown a new way of using internet search for market purposes .

Therefore , in our daily routine , we should keep on looking for what is new and we have n't tested yet .
We should not forget that taking risks is the way human beings develop or , in other words , like Steve Jobs , Apple CEO said we should `` Stay young , stay foolish ! ''
Nowadays , environnemental problems are the road map of many policies across the world and in each country .
The main cause is the important presenc eof cars on the Earth , which are polluating the atmosphere rejecting toxic products into .
Several countries started to apply their policies to protect environnement , reducing the use of oil by public and private transports , and trying to find solutions to remplace the use of cars .
However , the car is the most useful means of transport and we ca n't assume than cars will be fewer in twenty years .

Cars are well-knew to pollute atmosphere and to be a source of toxic products .
To decrease the pollution by cars , some governments asked people to use their own car only when it is a big necessity .
In big cities , authorities promoted public transports reducing their prices and urging people to travel by bus , subway , bike or tramway .
Many areas of cities became forbidden to cars , limitating the use of cars in pedestrian zones .

Moreover , scientists are trying to find an other source of energy to transports , like electricity .
In big cities for example , we can see some bus which are working with electricity to reduce pollution , and the use of cars .

Besides , people are more and more concerned by environnement and pollution , and start to be interested by the future of the Earth .
They try to part in the reduction of toxic emissions , travelling by bus or subway in big cities or travelling with their friends to go to work ans using only one car for several people .
Good citizens make efforts to improve their way of life and they care about their health .
The price of oil getting worsen , people may realize that it is better to travel by public transports than to spend money for oil .

However , I think it is to early to say that in twenty years there will be fewer cars than today .
If people and governements are making efforts and are trying to reduce the number of cars , they remain a very good way to travel for people : they can go where they want , when they want , and it 's free ( exept the oil ) .
Public transports remain quite expensive for people who prefer travel by themselves , in their own space , and not melting with others people .
Moreover , if car is not so useful in towns , it is in the countrysides and to holidays , because plane or train are much more expensive than cars .

thus , I really think that people are not ready to rid of their car , which is their main way of transport .

To conclude , I am not really sure than the number of cars will be less important in twenty years than today , because others ways of transport and public service are still too expensive .
Cars are very useful , and it is difficult for people to imagine their daily life without them .
In the other hand , countries are getting more and more worried about the price of oil and are acting to remplace cars , but it will take time .
Personally , I think that the real big opportunities are the ones that are n't discovered yet .
In other words , to feel the real success , one must go for the unknown , which all the successful inventors and discoverers basically do in common .
In the decision step of what to do , one can fall in to a dilemma of whether to do something unsound or to do the proven .
This decision is what makes the difference and enables the subject to add the word `` the great '' after his name .

As long as the gain is considerable , I think that taking risks is not a big deal .
That also includes an optimistic vision for the future which , as a matter of fact , everybody should have .
This vision will lead anybody inherently to success , so after this vision , the second thing to have in life is a bit of courage to try new things .
The history of mankind is full of such examples , like Christopher Colombus or Galileo , who were under extreme pressure because of their beliefs about the fact .
Considering today 's liberated ideologies , running after `` the new '' is indeed provoked by almost every authority .

Another concern about what to choose for life is the purpose of life in ones point of view .
When the primary purpose is only the money and material , there are many `` ready to cook '' opportunities to follow , which will make one pretty rich only with some effort , provided that it 's based on something he/she already good at .
But , in contrary , is one is after his/her `` spiritual '' success , then it 's the ideals that 's to be chased for .

After all , a quote from the Holy Bible summarizes it all : `` For where your treasure is , there will your heart be also '' .
In my point of view i would agree that in twenty years from now there will be fewer cars in use than today .
Lack of non renewable fuel , Stress on ecofriendly environments and new technology will perhaps reduce the usage of cars in the future .

The fuel which most of the cars in todays world use is the derivates of crude oil like petrol , diesel , gas etc. these are considered as the non-renewable sources of energy that they cannot be recycled .
Once consumed they are lost for ever .
Keeping in view the current demand of this fuel usage , and the shortage of resources of supply , the production of oil will reduce rapidly .
The price will be increased abnormally which does not fit the budget of most car owners .
hence they have to shift to other means of public transport such as railroads or buses .

The present soceity around us is slowly gaining the `` eco '' feel .
Issues like global warming and the greenhouse effect are increasing the public awareness and thereby less pollution free environment is in continous demand .
Hence people of the future will be forced to use eco friendly means of transport .

Technology Development is an unending process .
Every decade witnesses newer technological developments that benefit the people and society .
The usage of electricity and other eco friendly fuels in means of transport is slowly picking up .
May be advanced versions of the present day cars will come into use .
These new transporters may gain popularity as they comply with the above two reasons of non pollution and also oil and gas free .

Finally as the time advances many more changes can be witnessed which serves in reducing pollution as well as ensure better comfort and efficiency .
Who knows ?
the traditional `` car '' that has become a part and parcel of todays life may be owned by a few and may also decorate the platforms of a many museums !
I believe that facts can be learned in many different ways and that school has a different object than teaching students facts .
A school 's duty is to both prepare the student for his entrance in real life , and to open a student 's mind through the constant teaching of concepts and ideas everytime more difficult .

Facts must be examined and fully explored in order to understand what lies beneath them .
Facts are nothing more then the final chapter of many causes put together .
Why birds migrate every year , why people cry when they are sad or why the sky is clear or cloudy ?
All of these questions could not be answered only by observation .
The laws of cause and effect studied during the past centuries explain us the importance to know the basic concepts that rule the world .
Every phenomenon , every situation or consequence come from a precise cause .
If we can know that cause then we are able to control the consequence , weather we want to repete it or avoid it .

I believe that the primary objective of universities , or schools in general , is to give to their scholars as many informations as possible .
Then , it will be the studient who will decide how to use these informations .
Facts can teach you many things , they can show you all the possibile outcomes for every event , and they can help you to predict the future based on previous episodes .
But facts alone , I believe , can not be consider enough for somebody 's growth .
Nowadays , there are numorous debats on whether or not understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning the facts .
From my point of view , I agree with the statement that It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
The following reasons will support my opinion from three perspectives .

First of all , ideas and concepts are the foundation of the facts .
In addition , in the most textbooks , every chapter begins with the terms and definitions of the ideas and concepts .
At the begining of every chapter the professor will ask students to understand every terms and ideas which is included in this chapter .
Because every subjects have some speical terms the students did not hear before .
If they do not understand these ideas and concepts , they will have a lot of difficulties to learn the facts about these ideas .

Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts will help students to learn facts more effiectively and efficiently .
When the students understand and memorize all the ideas and concepts which they are going to learn about , they are get ready to accept the new facts related to these ideas .
Forthermore , they will familiar to these facts by the means of they understand ideas and concepts .
All of these will help students to learn the facts quickly and correctly .

Thirdly , students learning facts indicate to memorize the concepts correctly and accurately .
In the school , the first objection of students are learning the academic knowlege which refers to the ideas and concepts .
Later , they will use these knowlege in the working place and connect the ideas with the facts .
Therefore , in the school students should concentrate on the ideas and concepts , meanwhile , they can use the facts to help them memorize the ideas and concepts accurately .

To conclude , understanding ideas and concepts is more important than learning facts .
Firstly , the facts is based on the ideas and concepts .
Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts is a good way for students to learn the facts .
Lastly , learing ideas and concepts will more beneficial for students achieving their academica goal .
Therefore , students should make a great effort to understand the ideas and concepts , then to learn facts .
Every year , companies around the globe spend millions of dollars advertising their products to the general public .
Advertisments can be found everywhere from banners on the street to interuptions of your favorite soap operas .

When advertising their products , companies tend to advertise their products through the use of celebrities and models sporting their products .
Everything is played out in a best case scenario .
In reality , none of the advertised products live up to their expectations .

For example , a shampoo commercial for Herbal Essences would show a beautiful girl with a great smile and naturally straight hair .
The public fails to see that the company is using `` sex '' to advertise their commercial .
In other scenarios , a Coca Cola commercial on TV would show a man and his best friends drinking the cold beverage and having a great time .
This misleads many customers to thinking that Coca Cola brings people together allowing them to have a great time that will put permanent smiles on their faces .

Imagine a world where commercials would advertise everything as it really was .
Not surprisingly , companies would go bankrupt .
Looking at the situation from an individual 's point of view that swims , none of the shampoo commercials ever live up to their expectation .
Frizzled hair and split ends are a permanent physical feature .

Crest extra whitening toothpaste is advertised by people with beautiful smiles and recently whitened teeth , right out of the dentist 's office .
No toothpaste has ever given the general public smiles as white as the ones seen on advertisments .

Recently , a Ford commercial has been showing on TV where a couple had just bought a new F-150 and because of its immense size , they mentioned that their bachelor party would be celebrated in that car .
Many companies reach out to their customers through humor , but that never thoroughly describes the true features of their product .

All in all , commercials are misleading and if everything was as perfect as it proved to be on TV , then everyone would be living a perfect world .
There is always a catch to everything .
I believe that best way to travel is to travel alone .
Most importantly , this gives us an opportunity to explore the place on our own pace .
We do n't have to rush to keep up with the travel schedule provided by the tour guide especially when we want to do something else or want to be at a place where others are not interested and therefore not covered in the travel plan .
In this situation , travelling alone many turn out to be more productive and fun filled leaving more time to spend at the places which captivate our interest .
In addition , we do n't have to compromise our preference over the majority because the main aim of the group travel is to satisfy the majority rather than taking care of individuals which some people are expected to compromise .
For an example , if the group decides to go to an art museum , while my interest lies somewhere else say a tech museum at the other corner of the city .
There is no way both could fit into the schedule thus resulting in compromise on my part which is not acceptable to me .

The people who prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide can argue that guide can offer us valuable details about the place .
But there are other ways to get the same information such as internet which provides almost every detail one might expect to know about a place such as sightseeing locations , restaurents , important festivals that might coincide with your travel dates and so on .
Thus , it virtually elliminates the importance of tour guide .

Moreover , travelling alone also offers an unique opportunity to mingle with the natives which almost impossible if we travel in a group .
I describe this as unique because spending time with the natives is the best way to learn about their culture , customs , eating habits and other important characteristics not visible otherwise .
They can also give us valuable information about the monuments found in the area such as background history , the reason behind their construction , etc .

Though , there are a few advantages of a group travel , I prefer to travel alone as it offers the flexibility which is of foremost importance to me .
I agree with the statement because I think that if you only do what you know and even if you are very good at it you will not learn anything new from it .
And I think that to take risks it might not be successful everytime but its a new way to learn .
If you risk and is not successful you should go back and look what you did wrong and learn from those mistakes and how to not ever make them again .
So I look at taking risks as a way of learning somthing new .
If you do n't risk your live will never change and you will do the same thing over and over and if you ever have to be on a situation of taking risks you probably would do n't know what to do , or what to say , or how to react .

Taking a chance to do somthing with your live like liveing in a different country , with a different language , different culture , and a lot of different situations , its to take risk because you dont know how people will act , or you do n't know peoples costumes , or even if you do n't know the language .
But with time and a possitive actitude you will eventually learn about it .
I belive that opportunity is taking risks and opportunity does n't come very often so I think even if you do n't end up been successful after it , I 'm sure you would learn something from it .

I took the opportunity of liveing in another country than were I was born .
And i did n't really know where I was going and how was it going to be .
But with the time I have learned a new language and new culture , a different way to look at the world preaty much .
So I think that I 'm preaty lucky because not a lot of people has done what I have , but I the same time I took a risk and i did n't know if it was going to be succesfull for me .
That risk I took it 's made me enrich my person .
I agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Firstly , the fuel reserves on this planet are limited and the consumption of fuel is only increasing with time .
One of the reasons for the increase in fuel consumption , mainly petroleum , which is easier and cheaper to refine , is the growing population worldwide .
Petrol is not only needed to run cars but also needed to run cities - to generate electricity which is needed to run all our electrical appliances at home .
Also with an increase in air travel , the fuel consumption has gone up .
Another reason for increase in fuel consumption is due to the increase in industrialization and other technological advances and research .
Thus although the fuel consumption is increasing , the resources are limited and hence the demand will eventually outdo the supply .
Thus to prevent this the number of cars running on the roads will need to be reduced .

Although , alternative resources of fuel which are more enviornment friendly are being researched , such as substituting petroleum with ethanol , which is being widely discussed about currently , the researchers have a long way to go before this can be used commonly by the consumer .
Various other factors such as fuel economy and effects of using this alternative on the car engine need to be sorted out .
I also feel that the costs of substituting petroleum with other fuel alternatives would be very high and not possible for the common man to sustain fuel charges for his car from econimics point of view .
Hence not many will be able to afford cars then automatically causing a deline in the number of cars .

Lastly , we all know that the current increase in the number of vehicles on the road in addition to the increase in fuel consumption is causing a lot of enviornmental changes .
Global warming is only increasing by the day .
Even scientists are shocked with the effects of pollutants released in the air on our climate .
These drastic changes in our climate will compel us to decrease the use of cars and look for more enviornment friendly alternatives .
I agree to the statement that successful people try news things and take risks rather than doing what they already know .
Taking risks is a trait I consider most necessary for success .
And successful people are masters of this trait .

One can not discover new shores without willing to lose sight of the shore .
Taking risks is the first step to innovation .
Progress is marked by innovation .
And innovations occur only when people take risks and try to bring about something new .
The key element for an individual to succeed is to innovate and bring about new ideas .
If one keeps doing what he is good at , there is no learning and no progress .

Consider an example of one of the business greats in the world , Bill Gates .
He came up with a product Microsoft which was totally new when it began .
But now it has captured the world market in computers .
He is the richest and the most successful man professionally .
To bring about anything new in business , taking risks is the first step .
There is a risk of the product failing miserably in the market .
But at the same time , you can never know the true potential of your product until you take that risk and bring it into the market .

I have known a sportsman more closer to home who chose sports over academics despite his parents and peers wanting him to go to college and get a degree .
Now he is a sports star that his parents are proud of .
Had he not taken the risk of going against his parents and following his heart , he would not be as successful as he is today .

I also know of a friend in my field who quit a lucrative job bringing him a fat salary to pursue wild life photography .
Not many people would have taken that huge a risk of putting their already established career into jeopardy .
But this friend is now well recognized and contirbutes to the National Geographic channel on television .
He is a very well recognized wild life photographer .

If one would just go about doing what he knows well all his life , then he would never get a chance to realized what his other potentials are .
There could be a lot of talents in him .
Unless he takes risks and explores them , they would remain hidden .
If the Wright Brothers had not taken that first risk of flight , there would be no aeroplanes today .

Sticking to norms and doing what you know the best all along would stunt growth .
Hence , I believe that taking risks and venturing to do something new is the key to success .
The statement if successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , is very difficult to evaluate , because it depends on how well someone does on a special topic .
Thus , it is very difficult for me to agree or disagree with the above mentioned statement .

In my opinion a person can also be successful in doing things which he or her knows in detail .
When I think of a professor of mathematics for instance who is teaching at a university , it is even necessary for him to know his subject very well .
He is also successful , although he does not try new things , because there are no real discoveries in math which can be made .
Everything is already fully discovered .

Nevertheless , there are people who need to try new things in order to be successful , scientists for example .
If you do not take risks , you will not have any success in your field of study .

A very controversial topic at the moment is cloning .
Everyday , genes are getting reproduced by several scientists .
All this started some time ago when `` Dolly '' the first sheep was cloned .
The world at that time was shocked .
These scientists who were responsible for Dolly 's existence took the risk of maybe creating a monster , because no one has ever had any experience with this technology .
Many people , especially those with religious backgrounds , raised many concerns .
But despite these critics , the scientists moved on dealing with human embryos .
In the USA , voices have already announced that a human has been cloned .
To my mind , this is defintely a success , whether or not you agree with the ethical background .
Scientists have taken the risk and they have tried new things .
Consequently , they have been successful .

The point I am trying to make is that the statement I had to discuss is bias .
On the one hand , it is necessary for being successful to discover new areas , but on the other hand people can also be good in only one thing .
It just depends on the kind of person you are .

All in all , I cannot disagree or agree with this statement , because for me both are very important facts for being successful !
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts - at least at university level .

Having studied law in both England and in France , I have had the chance to compare two very different legal systems and more importantly , two different approaches to education , especially to the teaching of law .

Studying law at university in England typically takes three years .
After three years of undergraduate studies , students obtain their `` LL.B. degree '' .
It is also possible for students who have studied something else during their undergraduate studies to take a one-year-conversion course and obtain the equivalent of the LL.B. degree .
The three-year period of time is relatively short compared with the study time that is required of law students on the European continent , for instance five years in Belgium and Spain , four years in France etc .
The one-year-conversion course also seems to be a tremedously flexible alternative to the many years of studying law that are required on this side of the Channel .

This is a good illustration of diverging points of view on the question whether it is more important that students understand ideas and concepts or learn facts .

Indeed , in British universities , emphasis is put on reasoning .
Professors and students gather to discuss different topics , argue , give pros and cons ...
all for the sake of discussion and developing a critical sense .
It is believed that students will not be able to learn all the facts and memorize all the laws and/or jurisprudence so the focus remains on understanding the reasoning and legal concepts .

On the Continent however , universities focus much more on teaching students something `` substantial '' and to that end , students need to memorize a lot of material which serves as the basis of their reasoning .

To conclude , I would say that having experienced both systems , I found the British approach more constructive .
It could be compared to teaching a man how to fish instead of giving him a fish .
What should one focus on , facts or ideas ?
That question remains one of the trickyest issues of pedagogy .
Some tend to put forwards facts , others ideas and one 's ability to understand and explain ideas .
The problem is not only pedagogical , it is also philosophical .
Both of them facts and ideas are pretty useful to one 's education , yet should one deserve more graces than the other ?

Facts are necessary to the comprehension of any matter .
How could one get the idea of the Roman Empire was without any facts ?
Accordingly , knowledge transmission should not leave facts aside for its appreciation a reality .
An assertion few historians could contradict .

However too many facts tend to be disturbing .
The expert who always focuses on the same facts allows himself one single reality .
His comprehension of the situation cannot be innovative and his behaviour will remain static .
Facts lead to exception .

On the other hand , understanding ideas , can help one understand issues he might not be familiar with .
Understanding the dynamics of the fall of the Roman Empire can help one explaining another situation .
Ideas have a got a plasticity that facts do n't have .

But the notion of idea itself remains quite blur .
For a philosopher , ideas and concepts are facts .
In that letter Heidegger uses this concept whereas in this lectures he did n't .
Why ?
He asks .
That same professor while having spent too much time in the pool of ideas has made it a tank full of facts .
One has to be cautious with ideas as well .

Moreover , ideas tend to lead us to abstraction .
Even though abstraction is attractive , it can end up on dramatic mistakes .
The commitment of several French intellectuals along with communism testifies of it .

Students should therefore be as keen on facts as they should be on ideas .
One does not prevail on the other .
They should be intertwined .
I agree with the statement that successful people have more brave to take risks than they is doing the same thing all the time .
Personally , people want to be successful .
They should have creative ideas in nowadays .
The fact is that trying to face challenge and establish their own idea can help people boost their business easier and enjoy the ideal life .

To begin with , trying news things and taking risks make it posssible for people to boost their own business .
There is no doubt that the world is changing all the time .
If people still stick to so what they already know , it is almost impossible to make a living in the competition of the market today .
Through creativity and challenge , people can amass riches much more easier .
For example , Bill Gaze are not graduated at Harvard Univerity .
However , he becomes one of the richest people in the world .
What assist him to be successful is an important issue to discuss .
He uses his own ideas and has brave to take risks to build up Microsoft which allows everyone to immerse in the digital world .
Whithout his creativity and spirit , people can not enjoy the convieient life .

In addition , creation and challenge make it possible for people to enjoy the ideal life .
Doubtless , people try to invent new things in the world .
Without people 's new idea , others ca n't enjoy their life all the time .
For example , some artist and composers try to create new style paintings and poems , although during the time people do n't think their work are masterpieces .
However , many names of Van Gogh and Shakespears are foever engraved in people 's collective memory .
It allows people today to read their meaning fulpoems and paintings .
Without their brave and trying to do new things , we can not enjoy the ideal life and see their masterpieces .

To sum up , some people would rather to keep their traditional idea and do the same thing all the time .
However , I choose differently .
The reason is that risks and trying new things make people more sucessfully .
I think is good if you can have knowledge of many subjects , but today , if you want to be effective and competitive , you should specialize in one specific subject .
The problem is the following : nowaday the knowledge has been increased a lot and this proccess go on .
In example , the natural science is increasing the knowledge day to day and there are a lot of information about complicated proccess as DNA replication that years ago did not seem possible to discover easily .
On the other hand , the specific knowledge has a great problem .
When a person is more especific can lose capacity to analize minor problems .
It is probably that the people with specific knoledge would try explain all the problem under their vision .
In example , a doctor who work with pshycology , probably he would try to explain a lot of cases trougth the pshycology .

Therefore , I think that the best position is support the two types of knowledge .
The government should care that people in their countries have the opportunity to choose both things and the governments could manage how many people take place in one or another possibility trougth policies and fellowships for students .
The final objective is that the country will have proffessional people in both areas and each area will have their function .
In that case , the specific area provide knowledge to general areas when this need it .
In example , a group of researchs discover a new medicine and they should give the medicine to doctors who works with the patients .

In conclusion , both types of knowledge ( general and specific ) are neccessaries to support the science advance ( the increase of the knowledge ) and the normal life ( the solution to the common problems ) .
Some people say that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
However , where I live , older people are very healthy and acitive than they used to .
In my opinion , older people enjoy more life than younger people do .

The first reason of this is that because older people have more time and money than their couterparts , they can do a lot of activities they want to .
For example , my parents are both retired .
They have a lot of free time than I have .
In addition , they worked for more than 35 years , so they have a large amount of money they can spend .
That 's why they travel almost once a month across my country and they have already visited all the prefectuers in my country .
On the contrary , I have to work every day and I have less available time and money since I got a job last year .
I was not able to go somewhere even in summer vacation .

Another reason is that young people have more concerns about their futures , compared to the optimistic opinions showed by older people , which leads to the young people 's negative ideas about their lives in general .
One illustration that makes this clear is that most of the young people concerns about their pensions they will receive in the future .
Now that the aging society in my country is getting serious , young people may not receive enough money to live on after their retirement .
Therefore , most of them have to save money for their future lives and they can not afford to enjoy their present lives .

My consideration with respect to the available time and money as well as the negative ideas about future lives , I think that older people enjoy life more than younger people do .
Is it better to know a little bit of everything or to know everything about a special subject ?
Certainly many students have already given this question a fair amount of thought .
But maybe there is no need for an either / or decision as both approaches to knowledge have their advantage in academic life .

To advance academic research , you need specialized knowledge in your specific research area .
Before you can for instance tackle new approaches to cancer treatment , you need to know all there is available on your specific subject as a starting point of tought and to form a new and sound hypothesis .
Many processes are highly detailed and not easy to grasp quickly and therefore need an intense effort on the researchers ' side .

You do also need broad knowledge of many other academic subjects in order to function well in the everyday academic life .
In order to communicate with other researchers , you need to know at least the concepts of their research subjects .
Broad knowledge also hepls when it comes to making your research results understandable to an audience who is not familiar with your specific topic .
And lastly , broader knowledge helps you seeing the overall picture and patterns that you would miss when you only concentrated on your specific subject .

A balance of in-depth knowledge and broad overview is certainly a good basis for meaningful and sustainable research .
Broad knowledge helps you to discovering the general patterns and also communicating with your peers .
Specialiced knowledge helps you to penetrate the problem more profoundly .
Accoding to my opinion young people do enjoy life more than old people do .
The first reason that supports my opinion is the age factor .
Young people are free from troubles or fears that come with old age .
Talking about the fear , i mean the fear of death and the fear of physical ailments that come with old age .
Although old people are free from the basic responsibilities of life but still they cant enjoy their freedom from responsibilites the way they want or deserve because of thier old age and the problems that come with it .
Young people live with energy and a youthful and positive attitude towards life .
Even though they have responsibilities and goals to achieve , but still they are always filled with energy and an attitude to achieve what they want from life .
This is because they are free from all the barriers that come hand in hand with old age .
These barriers discourage old people from enjoying life to the fullest .
They are nomore in a mental and physical situation to accept challenges in life .
They are not capable of setting goals in life and this inturn keeps them away from the ecstacy and joy of achieving a goal that younger people have the ability to enjoy .

Another point of view would be the advancement in technology and the generation gap .
The older genration is still suffocating in the claws of orthodox and conservative ideas which also stops them from enjoying life to full extent .
They are also unaware of the technological improvements that have taken place and are also not ready to identify with them .
They still want to stand by their old orthodox traditions and dont open themselves to the fresh breeze of todays world .
They want to keep a closed mind and dont want to breathe in the fresh air of the modern world .
All these factors act as big barriers in the way of their enjoyment .
In the previous century , people are required to specialize in one specfic subject .
Many specialists are praised by the world , such as scienists and techinical expert .
However , this trend have been changed in the 21st century .
Nowadays , people who have broad knowledge are required by the world .
If you want to be a leader in the new era , you should have broad knowledge of many subject .

First reason of being a person with broad knowledge is , the world affairs have become more and more complicated and inter-related because of globalization .
Globalization is an unavoidable force which is affecting everybody in this planet .
For example , working as a manager in a trans-national companies , you need to know other countries ' culture and history , business environment , political context , economic situation , etc .
It is totally different with 20 years ago , people could just speacialize in one specific subject and deal with same problems during their whole career .
In order to deal with the challenges brought from globalization , we should know more about other subjects .

Secondly , our horizon will be very narrow if we only focus on one subject .
We should know more things from other subjects , in order to have a more comprehensive view .
There is no prefect subject in the world , as every subject has its own strengths and weaknesses .
Thus , we need to study various subjects to enrich our knowledge .
We can prevent thinking too narrow when we slove a problem .
Therefore , we can avoid bad results .

In conclusion , It is better to have broad knowledge in the 21 century .
As a student , I will learn more things of other subjrcts , in order to deal with the trend of
I personally diagree with the statement that says that young people do not give enough time to their communities .
I disagree with it because it is a very general statment and it is a typical stereotype and categorizing of young people .
In addition to that the statment is a non credible statement because it is abviouly based on personal opinion rather than on facts , since it is not supported by statistics or any menaingfull numbers .

The statment carries alot of hidden meaning or even insults to young people because it pictures them as selfish people who does n't care about their community .
Not only that but it also indirectly indicates that young people are irresponsible people who do not positively contribut in their communities , and are not active/usefull members of their own community .

In addition to that , the statment that has been made against young people is a very general statment , since not all young people do not give enough time to their communities .
There are some young people who are addicted to charity work , and who dedicates a lot of their time in helping improve their community and in helping others .
Thus we ca n't generalize .

I also disagree with such a statement because i personally think that it is a weak statment becaue it is not supported by any kind of eveidence such as a survey , statistics , or any meaning full numbers .
To me this statement is just like throwing accusasions on others .

such statments are not acceptable to me not only because i disagree witth this particular statment but because if i accepted such stereotypes it means that i might as well accept other stereotypes .
And by doing that i 'll be encouraging stereotypes that might be more serious or even dangerous and that might seriouly affcet our society , community , or even the way or even the quality of our living .
I strongly agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
While learning facts has its own place in education , these limit the students to ideas and opinions of other people rather than thinking on their own .

Where as learning facts gives the student mere information on things and is very specific information on any one subject , understanding a concept or an idea , i.e understanding the ` why ' behind things or the logical sequence and reasons for a paticular event taking place , gives the student the abbility to reason out things for himself when faced with a similar problem .
This approach of learning to think logically which is aquired by understanding ideas and concepts applies as much to practical life as it does to academics .
A person with a strong sense of reasoning will be much better equipped to face challenges and find a solution to a problem than a person brought up memorising facts .

Also , after the student life when the person has to start a career , and face and solve new problems that he has never encountered in his life , the conceptual and understanding approach will help him find his way through a difficult situation .
Moreover , while facts may be applied to a specific area of study , conceptual skills and understanding abilities encourage analytical thinking and sharpen analzsing abilities which have applications in all areas of life , and aid in practical decision making .

Learning facts may improve the memorising skills of a student and improve his general knowledge about things , but it might prove to be boring and can lead to a child disliking education alltogether .
On the other hand , making students understand ideas and concepts is the key to originality of ideas and innovative thinking in their future .
Understanding concepts will lead to the brain experimenting on its own , toying with varoius concepts and ideas , and will light the fire of inspiration and ignite curiousity , which is the foundation for enabling a student to think towards inventions and new techniques .

In conclusion , where as the method of simply learning facts treats the brain like an empty container to be filled , the method of making them understand ideas and concepts treats the brain as alive , giving it tools for construction and improvement , to make a new and better world in the future .
Is innovation exclusive for succesful people ?

Or so I would call my essay , as the way the exam question is phrased I could call two different answers :

Yes , successful people try new things indeed , since they have the chance - sometime this represents a budget to play with - to do so .
In our current world state in its ever-defining processes-for-everthing mania , the chance lies for certain individuals to look at things from a different angle .

The innovation chance comes naturally to mature individuals and mature companies , since those are the ones that understand ( through living ) that a mature process produces predictive results .
Given a experience-driven and refined process for making software it is possible for an Indian Consulting Company to predict how long will it take to develop a project , how much time the risks will take away from it and how much resources should it allocate to get the project going .
Its due to a mature set of processes that companies like Bimbo can do just-in-time deliveries to every convenience store in its city .

It is after embracing such level of maturity that an individual or a company can find room for improvement , room for trying different ways and expect different results .
And , as I would call that level of maturity a certain degree of success I agree to the proposed statement .

For my second answer however , I can answer `` No '' , for it is not an exclusive habit , as sometimes emerging little companies and individuals , virtually no-ones in the business world need a more agressive strategy .

For these companies and individuals that have perhaps spoted a new target market or developed a brand new product , there 's no time to be doing things the long-term way , sometimes fail-proof or tested .
Sometimes there is no room for mature processes where time is crucial , for these kind of individuals or companies , subject to these kind of conditions , is that I agree with the risk-taking deal , even when they know nothing of how to make something work and they have to start something from scratch .
I m line wid the idea that young people enjoy their life more then their elders do .
Young people beleive that only a healthy mind can dwell in healthy body .
Youths have revolutionised the world of entertainment and serves to be the backbone of entertainment industry .
Young people are very energetic and enthusiastic .
They do every thing , they undertake , with extra vigour and keen intrest .
Undoubtedly their physical state plays a major role in making them appropriate to enjoy life to its fullest .
while ours elders lacks that zeal and enthusuasm beacause of their dotage and senility .

Jack , a graduate student from harvard university , has variety of hobbies ranging from taking part into adventorous river rafting , enrolling for mountain tracking to horese riding .
Playing football is his strength and chess being his meditation .
He also does yogic exercises while in gymnasium .
Moreover indulging himself in sports helps to stay him fit , active and alert .
And this thing had helped him substantially to achieve a sense of contentment at all the three fronts of his life , be it professional , personal or social .

Youths beleive that Enjoying life could recede stress and pressure from their life .
So they go to theatres to watch a latest movie , play various musical instruments , surf the internet to gather the information about latest happenings around the world , go for paraglyding , take part in adventurous sports and many more other sports and medium of entertainment that our elders could not even think of .
It has been seen that a boy would be very excited and cheerful about his new bike and would take pleasure in admiring the beauty and latest technology , the bike has .

On the contrary our elders are burdened because of their social and professional committments .
They do not have enough time for relishing and savoring their lifestyle .
So they may not enjoy goimg to a movie or a horse riding .
They would prefer to live rather a calm an serene life without excitement .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The statement is very vague and general to begin with , and furthermore , it provides no support as to what enjoying implies .

It is not correct to generalize or stereotype such large numbers of people .
Young people , as well as older people , are very different amongst each other .
Some young people enjoy life , while others hate it , and the same happens with older people .
Assuming that generalizing is correct , though , I would still disagree with the statement .

One cannot compare `` apples with oranges '' .
When it comes to young people , enjoying life might mean enjoying going to parties or clubs to dance and meet new people .
When speaking of older people , enjoying life could mean enjoying reading a good book or listening to classical music , or even sleeping !
Even though at first glance a party might sound more fun or enjoyabel than sleeping , the older person might actually enjoy sleeping much more than the young person enjoys partying , and therefore be enjoying life even more .
A past experience with my grandfather illustrates my point perfectly .
I always thought he was very boring and that his life was pretty sad , given the fact that he stayed home most of the time .
However , I once walked into his study where he was just sitting on a couch holding my grandmother 's hand , quietly listening to classical music , and I realized his eyes were watery with emotion .
He was enjoying that moment so deeply it was hard for me to understand , but I realized he simply enjoyed life in a very different way that I did ; not more , not less , simply different .

Furthermore , `` the older the wiser '' explains my disagreement even further .
With experience , people experiment many activities and situations in life , and they learn to identify which ones they enjoy more .
A more experienced or older person has learned over the years to enjoy specifically those things that make them the happiest .
By focusing more specifically on those things that they like , older people enjoy life more deeply .
On the other hand , young people tend to expose themselves constantly to new experiences , and even though there is a thrill to getting to know new things , it is usually with time that one learns to actually enjoy experiences to their fullest .
Young people , in their constant attempt to explore new things , usually dont have time to focus enough to actually get to enjoy things to their deepest .

The statement is a vague and unsuported generalization , which makes it difficult for me to agree with it .
Every person is different , regardless of age , and what one person might enjoy , another might not .
This does not imply that either person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .
I partially agree with statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
They are more after creating a comfortable niche for themselves even if it may demand seclusion from the community they came from .
But the scenario is slowly changing .

The first thing which may be useful to analyse is the focus of the young people today .
Where are they looking themselves after 10 years of their study ?
Will their work help the community they come from ?
Today 's generation is more interested in high profile jobs which will help them earn more .
These are areas like software programming , telecommunications , research labs etc .
Very few people are today interested in taking up positions in the Non Govermental associations which work for the community on a no profit basis .
Also , it has been noticed few people actually want to become professors at universities and this has even led to the shortage of faculty at certain educational institutes .
Thus there is a slow drift from the jobs which actually work for the community .
Some people may argue that an Indian researcher at Microsoft Research is contributing to the community besides a comfortable life also .
But the bigger question is if the new technology built by him be available to the Indian below poverty line and that too at a easible cost .
Clearly no .
Thus , if young need to contribute to their community through their work , the work must be focussed and not just a pretence for such an argument .

Most of the young after completing their graduate education take up the lucrative job offers abroad .
These includes high profile banking jobs , research lab positions , or even the jobs that are similar to that in their own country but are `` abroad '' .
These people , the Non Resident citizens ( NRC ) then give grants to the government and feel satisfied that they have done their bit towards the community .
But actually a large fraction of this money goes directly into the pockets of a few corrupt politicians .
The money could have been well utilized if the NRC could have come down to his own country , spent some time there and looked after the utilization of his grant .
But that is the foremeost question .
The generation today does not have `` time '' .
The mindset of the young clearly needs to be changed .

On the other hand , many institutes around the world today have realized this need of students having to contribute to the society that actually built them .
For example , the Indian Institutes of Technology have started a scheme where it is the part of curriculum of the student to actually spend some time doing some service to the society .
This includes going in the schools and taking classes , working for better living conditions by taking up sanity projects in the nearby underdeveloped colonies .
Though the students were intially skeptical towards scheme called the National Service Scheme , but now they have realized the importance of this work and are coming forward to take up various projects .
Such schemes if implemented , can bring about the changes in the attitude of the young .

Focussed more on career , the young generation today is losing its focus from contributing to the society they have actually come from .
They tend to delve into the comforts of their own lives that helping the community around them .
This has to change if society needs to progress .
However , many attempts in various parts of the world have initiated this process of changing the mindset of the young and have been successful .
The young have now started to realize their responsibilities and to share with the community what it has given to them .
The use of cars has increased rapidly over the last few years .
Almost everybody uses his car daily for example to go to work .
The question whether in twenty years less cars will be used than nowadays is fairly hard to answer .
On the one hand I think this statement will become true for several reasons .
First of all gas prices are rising constantly for the last few years and this trend seems to continue .
Therefore many people will not be able to keep their cars or at least reduce the distances they dirve to a minimum .
Instead they will try to find alternatives such as taking the train or the bus .

Furthermore the reached level of pollution caused by cars is already very high nowadays .
The governments will probably try to find solutions for this problem , which could be either higher taxes or to forbid driving to some kind of cars or even completely on some days in the year .
If the first thing happens , having a car will again be more expensive and like this a lot of people will not be able to keep their cars .

On the other hand there are also reasons that support the idea that in the future the number of cars will not decline .
Allthough there will be more alternatives in the future to travel comfortably , made possible by for example new inventions like the transrapid , these inventions are still to expensive for most of the people .
Therefore it will still be cheaper to go by car .
The effect of the ricing prices in the energy sector on public transport media has to be considered as well .
Prices for using a bus or a train might become higher and the car could eventually still be the cheapest way to travel .

Apart from that many people reject going by train or bus because they want to maintain their independancy .
If you go by car you have no fixed times for leaving .
You can just stay as long as you wish and do not have to care about the time Moreover there are not direct connections available for all places to go .
You might have to spend some extra time to reach your goal through changing the train or having to take routes for which you need more time .

Taking all this into consideration I think that there will not be fewer cars in the future , because most people prefer going by car instead of using other transportation media .
There 's a truth that some advertisements make products seem much better than they really are , but there are still some of them are the same as they really are .
It 's difficult to directly say that whether most of the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
In my opinion , there are only a few people make advertisements seem much better than the advertisements really are nowadays , and also in the future .

Advertisements are used for introducting the stuffs what are expected to sell , so if the advertisements makers show people some real advertisements .
There will be many people who are glad to buy .
There wo n't be a problem that if people have known the things well , because after they have spent their money once , thet will believe these advertisements , and maybe some of people will regard them as their favourate , whatever which kind of advertisements they are .
For example , food , tools or electrical equipments .
They 'll be sold well , and the sellers will get a lot of money in the future because their honest in the advertisements .
So it 's good to make advertisements as real as they are .

We have to believe that nowadays there are also some sellers who make advertisements much better than they really are .
At first , a lot of people do n't know the advertisements a lot , so maybe the sellers can increse the prise and earn a lot of money in the beginning .
Later , after everyone has known the truth of the advertisements , how can the sellers get money continue ?
They cannot !

All in all , I think that not most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
It is sometimes said that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In the following I want to give some reasons why I personally don | t agree with this opinion .

Firstly , for many people using their cars is the most convenient possibility to reach the destinations they want to go to .
Of course , there is public transport .
But when you travel by bus or by subway you nearly never reach your destination directly .
Because most of the people like to have it as comfortable as possible they will continue using their cars .
Furthermore , especially trains are a very expensive way to travel .

Secondly , oil prices have just started to decline .
This will probably lead to cheaper petrol prices , so the cost factor is also no immediate reason to use fewer cars .
And there is no sign that this will changed rapidly .
There are huge oil and gas resources , particularly in Russia .
So , petrol will remain relatively cheap .

Moreover the lobby of the carmakers is very powerful .
There are important brands with much influence all over the world .
That is because they employ hundreds of thousands of workers and a reduction of using cars would certainly lead to more unemployment .
As far as I can see they would dramatically protest against any possible restrictions of using cars and do everything to attract new customers with interesting features of their products .

It is also worth mentioning that the state itself can not have any real interest to reduce the number of cars .
Of course , the Greens are an important political party in many countries but finally the lobby of the environmentalists is not powerful enough .
The state receives much money from car owners who have to pay tax on their cars and on the petrol they use .
Nowadays , people are more interested in topics such as security and education than the protection of the environment .
So , politicans of the people | s parties don | t see any necessity to campaign for fewer cars .

Of course , riding your bike or just walking can be even greater fun than driving a car .
If more people decided to change their habits and think more seriously about the pollution caused by too much car traffic , I would certainly be happy .
However I do not think this will happen in the next twenty years .
i agree with the presumption that in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
There are various reasons for this , having to do with the pollotion caused by cars , the diminishing space in our cities and the convinience of the public transport system .

Cars are fun and exiting to drive , they provide a fast and convenient way to get from place A to B. They are also getting more and more powerful with each passing day , with companies coming out with 1000 bhp cars .
these cars consume a lot of fuel and our resources are limited .
it will not be long before we run out of natural oil reserves .
also , due to the scarcity , the price of gas has increased twofold over the past 10 years ( in India ) .
For the common man , it is becoming infeasable to use a car everyday .
He is going to have to find some other way to commute , the car is just not a viable option anymore .

The other reason is that there is just not enough space in our cities amymore , for every house to have a car is sheer waste of resuorces .
there are so many people living n such a small space that there is no room to park the cars , same is the case in markets and roads .
The number of traffic jams and snarls is a clear indication of how there are too many cars choking up the roads , and people are waking up to this fact .
many people have started car-pooling which is better as there is lesser wastage of resources like gas and space and also , lesser pollution .

The third reason why i think that tere will be lesser number of cars in 20 years is that the public transport system is catching up in a big way .
With the introduction of the metro and clean CNG buses , the majority of the public has found a safe , cheap mode of transport , thereby questioning the necessity of cars .

There will always be car enthusiasts who will never give up driving cars , but for the majority of the public , these reasons , and more are convincing factors to switch to other modes of transport and to economize , by car pooling and other ways .
In conclusion , i do agree with the sattefor the reasons stated .
I agree with the statement that advertisements deceives the consumers and make products seem more attractive and/or much better than they really are .
In fact it is difficult to disagree with this claim since we are living in a world in which , people prefer to live in phantasies .
Not only the variety of products , but also the ways that these products are presented to consumers have increased .
Thus , the advertisements became one of the most important components of our daily life .

Advertisements are everywhere , and the way they present a product is even more important that the product itself .
Companies have understood the importance of advertisements and commercials long time ago and allocated large amounts from budgets to them even when they do not expect significant returns in the short-run .
More strikingly , a language that is based on the purpose of promotion have emerged in the last two or three decades in other spheres , like politics .
As a consequence of this , we can see the efforts of countries to promote themselves for attracting tourists and investors .
Of course , fancy streets and high-rise buildings are prefered rather than the scenes of misery and deprivation in these promotions .
Even the everyday conversations have been affected by this trend .
In order to have a good career , we have to buy some books that will teach us how we can promote ourselves and increase our value in the labor market .

Today we are living in a world in which not only the producers but also the rulers are trying to sell something to us .
All these things have become ordinary components of our lives .
Nevertheless , there are few who criticizes it since looking at the material is deleterious for our mental well-being .
Our reality is constructed by TV and our satisfaction is secured by the the products that we do not need .
Advertisements is the interface of this fake life .
I agree with the satement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
There are some reasons for my opinion .
Firstly , young people are much more energetic than old people .
So , young people can travel around and do a lot of activities , and thses make a life more enjoyable .
There is my personal experience to spport this idea .
My family once planed to visit New Zealnd with my grand-mother .
She was excited to go .
However , as the depature came closer , she stared to hesitate to go because she thought it would be stressful for her own health .
Finally .
she decided not to come .
It was very shocking for us because we had planed all the trip with her .
Even if she could had come , I guess she could not have walked around the place and enjoyed the trip so much compared to us since she is no longer stong enough to do so .
This experience made up my idea that old people are not able to see many places and do many kinds of activity .

Secondly , since young people generally have more curiosity , the world could be more exciting to young people .
As a man grows up , he learns a lot and becomes wise .
Of corse this is a good thing .
However , this means that his desire to know is somehow fullfilled .
On the other hand , young people are still new to the world , and there are many things to learn and try .
It is true that many old people are still curious and try many new things , but what I want to emphasize here is that old people tend to be inactive and do not have much desire compared to young people .

Thirdly , I think young people have more hope in the future .
For example , a boy dreams to be a superman or a movie star .
His mind is filled with hope and enjoyment .
He may enjoy his life chosing his future .
Same thing can be said to elder young people , not to say superman , but perhaps a doctor .
After their life to reaches to a last decade , there would be less hope for the future .
Therefor , the life is more enjoyable for young people .

In conclusion , I think young can enjou life more than olds .
For old people , they have experienced all kinds of events , delightful or frustrating , so the life has already been a past process .
In my opinion , what they should do is to review if and gain satisfactory from it instead of looking forward .
I definitely agree with this statement and below I would explain some of the reasons .

Every day , every hour , and even every minute , we , especially the young people , face a lot of problems either in work or at home .
Since the world is rapidly changing and modern life has became more and more complicated , there are a lot of pressures , also can be called pleasures , modern people can enjoy .
Obviously , old people can not catch this rapid social pace , it also implies that these great pleasure resulting from works or compete are more and more far away from the old people .

Internet , invented in last century , with its wide availabity and increasingly prosperous information supplies , has become one of the most powerful means of both communication and pastimes today in the history , and will be more and more difficult to ignore .
As it is so fashional that its user has been basically limited to the young people .
Yong people has active thoughts and strong curiosities .
These are essetial traits for enjoying the life .

Take the case of a thing that one of my neighbor family , having both a teenager member and a grandfather .
The boy are proficient in almost all kinds of modern facilities and seems to be obsessed with them .
While the grandfather , with a priority to these machines , but seldom to touch them .
The only entertaiment he enjoys was the boring radio .

In brief , young people is just on the arising phase of their lifes , and it is the right time for them to enjoy the life which is still somewhat mysterious .
In general it is always difficult to decide definitely for one possibility .
Because both of them contain some advantages but also some disadvantages , it would be the best to decide for a mixture .

Whereas a broad knowledge of many subjects refers to the ideal of humanism which has been supported for a long time and partially is still being supported , specialization is a phenomena of modern time .

We are living in a time of change .
Scientific and technical progress have coined the last century more than any time before .
With the term `` globalization '' I only want to mention one of the new challenges we have to master .

As a reaction on these changes the idea of specialization has developped .
Today , there is much more discovered than in former times so you even have to learn much more to get along in a certain profession or academical direction .
As a result specialization is definitely necessary .

Nevertheless I regard a certain broad knowledge to be absolutely necessary for everyone .
Our world is so complex and also complicated that people have to know the essential things about almost all subjects to give an reliable feedback for example to politicians leading a nation .
If people are not as well educated there will be the risk of creating a society leaded by a few people not thinking about entire people 's problems .

So I would prefer a mixture of generalized and specialized knowledge .
All People should learn the most important elements out of all academic subjects .
In school there is the possibility to do so .
Later they might decide to be teached in one subject and in subjects related to this chosen one .
After that , people may really specialize in their subject .

By this way it would take a longer time until people start working but it surely would be an advantage for society .
It may seem to be true that the use of the car will be decreased in some time .
However , it does not seem to be right even in this moment .
Moreover , I strongly belive that people will take more cars in the future .

First , there are possibilities that the rate of using cars will be decreasing .
Nowadays , the enviroment problem such as air pollution have become one of the most significant problem in our lives .
Where have such an pollution come from ?
In general people mostly find the solution of the question from the largely increased use of artifacts , especially cars .
Therefore most governments considerably raise tuition for using a car or at least have plan to gradully increase it for reducing air pollution .
Besides such raised tuition , the restrictions using the car will be highly increasing as the concern of the environment increases .
Also , the fee for using cars will be larger since the amount of petrolium is significantly decreasingn .
Therefore , people might buy less cars to reduce such disadvantages .

However , although such assertion is valid in today , number of people both who uses a car and wants to use a car is not decreased , rather than reduced .
For example , according to chosunilbo , one of the most believable and popular journalism in Korea , the rate of population using car has been even increased for ten years , and expertises also assert that this rate will not be decreased .
How can it happen in spite of such a burden ?

People are willing to have cars in several reasons above all such disadvantages such as high fees or tuition .
First , cars are so convenient that people do not want to give up the car .
It is clearly more rapid and free than bus or train .
Especially , moving in cars in such a huge country like United States is even necessary for almost all people .
Second , the car has become the symbol of wealth rather than just one of the most useful artifacts nowadays .
More than sixty percent of people in the Korea has their own cars , such that having a car becomes to be so normal .
Therefore the people eventually compare their cars so that there borns some rules rather than just tendency that the more welthy , the better car the people have becomes .
Such rules will continue in several years .
Therefore I strongly belive that there will be more cars in use than there are today .
I agree with this statement .
I do n't mean that facts and learning about them is not important .
But the complete understanding of something comes with the acknowledgement of its basis .
Ideas and concepts are the base in wich knowledge and progress are built on .
So it 's essential for a student to manage the ideas and concepts of a topic of study , to be capable of completely understanding everything about it and to work correctly with its facts .

When a student approaches his learning process , he must go through two moments .
First , the understanding of the basic concepts of the topic that he 's studying .
He must be able to manage and handle all the basic ideas and knowledge of what his studying .
And then analizyng the facts .
In this second moment the student , using his previous results , the student compares and associates the concepts and ideas he learned earlier with the facts that are given to him .
This way the student can fully learn about the topic and generate conclusion , that are correct and useful in his and in others whole educational process .

Teacher should point out process like these , so they could get much better results out of their teaching and could more accourately reach their goals .
And student could really be prepare and could really trust that they have a solid educational formation .

So in conclusion , it 's not that knowing about ideas and concepts is more important than knowing about facts .
Is that the proper learning of basic concepts can lead to a better use and to a better understanding of facts .
If students reallly want to reach a correct use of their knowledge , they must know everything about the concepts and ideas that they are working with .
And teachers must make their structure of teaching easier to point out the basics ideas .
I agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts rather than to learn facts because firstly , the student has a chance to improve when he learns the idea .
For example ; if the student is taught about spherical mirrors in physics class , he should not be given the simple equations .
He should rather be told to prove how these equations are derived so in this way he can actually improve himself in spherical mirrors .
In this way , the student can learn better in further topics such as lenses .

Secondly .
understanding the ideas can help the student look at things in a broader way because by analysing the ideas , the individudal can examine the life around himself in many different ways .
For instance , in my extra lessons the teacher always wanted me to memorise the equations in the science class but in the school my other teacher wanted me to look at the topic in a broader way and think on it and she was actually right because I now know that memorising a fact in any science class is not effective for me to look at how the nature works scientifically .
If I know where all the equations and main points come from , then I can examine the environment around me in a broader way so understanding the main idea effectively helps .
On the other hand , memorising a fact does not definitely help me examine my environment because after a while I forget that ` fact ' and I may even never use it again .

Thirdly , understanding the ideas will give the student a confidence because when the student achieves a goal in that idea ; he feels pleasure about it .
When I first started writing my essay on sociolinguistics ; my supervisor did not teach me the main facts but he guided me about which books to use and which keywords have to be mentioned so in this way he did not want me to memorise but he wanted me to ` get the idea ' and eventually .
after using the books and the keywords , I realized that I definitely understood what the topic is mainly about .
When I handed my essay in , I was very confident of myself and I felt joy and pleasure because I actually improved myself and I learned the topic all by myself .
Even my supervisor was surprised because I was not taking sociolinguistics classes and the fact that I learned the topic all by myself made it much more better and interesting .

To conclude , understanding the main ideas are better for students to learn facts because firstly , by learning the ideas they can improve and become more confident .
Furthermore , they can analyse their environment in a broader way by learning the main ideas .
In addition , if the student achieves a goal about that topic by understanding it , he will be happy to be successful .
Frankly speaking this is a difficult question to answer .
I think that a lot of people would like to answer to this question because this involves a lot of economical and social interests .
However , I 'll try to express my ideas .

When I was born ( 1970 ) there were fewer cars than today and even if the fuel is more and more expensive , the insurance is very expensive and cars are not cheap , the number of cars is increasing every year .

This is due to a moderate growth of cars in the more industrialized countries but also to a rapid and uninterrupted economical growth of less developed countries .

The continuous growth all over the world is requiring more and more mobility .

It 's understood that mobility does n't mean cars only .
You may have trains , planes , ships and so on .

But cars still remain the most diffused vehicle that people use to move from one place to another place .

In my opinion it 's also difficult to think about a reduction of the number of cars all over the world .
We can think that in the near future the number of cars may decline in big cities due to the traffic which is already chaotic but this will be compensated by an impressive growth in other countries ( e.g. China , India and other growing countries ) .

That 's why it 's very difficult to agree with the initial statement .

It 's also true to say that we all hope that the number of cars will not bring additional smog .
What I hope is that new technologies will allow a more substainable growth .
Some of these new technologies already exist but are simply more expensive than gasoline .

But I hope that electricity , hydrogen and hybrid vehicles will replace the traditional cars and will give us back blue skies , even in the big cities .

Cristian Spallanzani
I dont believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
There are few reasons for this .
Firstly , in todays world transport is the main important and essential thing .
People are used to go in their own vehicles to different places .
They are accustomed to the use of their own vehicles .
Very few people use public transport .
Almost every person owns a car .
They find this convinient .

Second , if a person uses his own car , he will probably reach the destination in less time .
Thus this is time saving and every person wants to save time .
For example , a business person who is always busy in meetings has to attend another important meeting in just few minutes at some other place , he finds his car more convinient than any other means of transport .
He just reaches the destination in time or probably earlier .
Such is the imporatance of car to a person .
So it is not possible for such persons to stop using it .

Third , the person is free to use the car at any time he wants because he owns it .
Thus this gives them more convinience .
For ex , a person wants to attend a party in the afternoon , he can reach the place within few minutes if he uses his own car .
But if he relies on some other means of transport ( probably public transport which will not be available at our convinient times ) , he would probably reach the place after the party is actually over .

Fourth , since the technology is fast growing , today there are a wide variety of cars available .
Since there is a competetive market , the cars are sold at lower prices .
Its not a problem for a person to buy it .

Fifth , there are places which are accessible or which makes them easier to reach only if they go in their own vehicle .
using a car also prevents the person from being exposed to hot sun , cold weather and rain .
Thus a person would find this more convinient and cant restrict himself from using his own car .

Thus i conclude that because of all the above mentioned reasons such convinience , reduced cost , etc the usage of cars will not be reduced .
Advertisements have become an important factor in selling products over the last decades .
Only if a product is advertised as the best there is on the market , customers are going to buy it .
At least , that is what advertising companies suggest us to believe .
But usually the product 's ad in newspapers or on TV look much better than the product actually is .
The `` real '' product sometimes does not have the features of its media counterpart .

Fast food , for example , uses great advertising strategies .
And if you see an advertised hamburger in the media , they really look delicate .
A lot of lettuce squeezes out between the meat and the bread .
However , if the customers then test the actual performance of the fast food restaurant , they will be disppointed .
In comparison to the gleaming burger in the ad , a `` real '' burger that is made in a short time without much care does not fulfill the standard shown in the advertisement .

The advertisements of cleaning materials also show features these materials are lacking .
On homeshopping channels customers can watch experiments in which a cleaning liquid is first used in the car , then in the dirty bathroom and then for the windows .
The customers are made to believe that one cleaner can be used for everything , and so they might save money when they only buy this universal cleaner , since they do not need other materials any longer .

These ads are cleverly produced in a TV studio , but customers should think that it is a live-performance they are watching .
The advertisment 's producers manipulate the customers , who do not understand the real purpose of the TV performance of the cleaner .

As a conclusion it can be stated that advertisements show features of products that do not exist .
Unfortunately , there are too many customers that are easy to manipulate , since they do not consider advertisements correctly .
Most of the advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
The usage of beautiful or handsome boys , nice events , nice feelings or with the usage of plastic versions which is more close to the ideals of people , in the advertisement makes the person believe that the item is worth buying .

First of all , the advertisement use an ideal person , who is regarded as a role model , to sell their product .
When you buy an item for being like the role model , you usually have a dissapointment .
Buying a specific shampoo brand in order to have as nice hair as the woman in the advertisement usualy ends up in dissapointment .
The product usually look better or seem to be better with the role model but when you buy it , the item is not nice anymore .

Secondly , the advertisement usually shows nice events and when you see the item you immediatly think of the event .
Like chips advertisement displays a person with many friends and they eat the chips together but buying a packet of chips will not make you have lots of friends .
Most of the time you buy the item in order to have the event with it but when the event doesnot occure wih the item , you become dissapointed .

Also the advertisement shows that a certain item is related to a certain feeling .
Buying an ice-cream will not make a boy falling in love with you but you see such things in an advertisement and belive that you wil be in love or find the perfect match of yours by buying a cone of ice-cream .
Most of the time , the item is not the one you want , you want to have the exact same feelings of the protegenist .
When you buy the ice-cream , you usually see that it is not what you wanted and you become dissapointed .

Apart from the feelings and becoming like the role model , the advertisements usualy use the plastic - ideal versions - of a specific item which make you want it .
Mc Donalds shows very nice , tasty hamburgers but actualy the advertisement does not show the real one so the one which you want is not the same as what you get .

Most of the time the advertisements make a product seem much better than it is by using various methods , with the usage of role models , nice events , nice feelings and plastic - ideal - items , which causes dissapointment after buying the item .
Portrayed by enormus poets and artiests , life and the joys of life are so attracting as well as noble to everyone .
Lives of young people are appriciated as being vigorous and vivid , while older people are admired for having wiser speculation and richer experiences in life .
But who , after all , enjoy life better ?
In my point of view , young people tend to enjoy life more .

First and foremost , curiosity is a rather important factor in the enjoyment of life .
Young people , just like other young animals , possess enough curiosity to urge them exploring this world with discovering eyes and open hearts , which in turn rewards young people of an endless advanture of new archievements .

Another reason , perhaps equally crucial , is the fact that young people always have more physical capability than older people do .
Far too often can we see young people mastering all kinds of exciting sports and engage themselves with thrills .
By contrast , what we can frequently hear from the older people is simply the complaints like , `` If only I was 20 years younger. '' or `` God bless my heart . ''
.

Of course , older people do have their own advantage in enjoying life .
The aboundant experience accumulated along with life span enable them to taste life in a slower , yet maybe wiser pace .
But also undeniable is the pitiful truth that they often do n't have adequate energy and passion to keep up with the fast tempo of time .
They will more probably take a rest from time to time and doze over where young people enjoy their precious youth with no reversion .

`` Old people have a glorious past after them , while young people have a brilliant future before them . ''
This quote has addressed the problem in a neat and sentimental way .
With far more planty time and novel futures ahead , young people will almost definitely enjoy life better .
Enjoying life varies from one person to an other .
It differs also from one stage of life to an other .
Such an issue remains controversial , because it implies a variety of factors and elements that should be taken into consideration .

Nevertheless , I do agree with this statement due to a number of reawsons .
First of all , the stage of life ( the age of a person ) plays a pivotal role in determining one 's interests and tendencies .
It provides a person with vision that enlightens and leads one to make the suitable choice one has to pick befre pursuing a certain activity that will generate pleasure and entertainment throughout the whole life span .

Young people have got a lot of choices in life , because they are supported by their ability to do and pursuit a variety of pleasure-generating activites .
on the other hand people who are advanced in age have got a very short list of options because they are governed by their advanced ages and can never pursuit some activites that require certain traits such as energy , mobility and agility .
So old people are hampered by the age factor .
In fact it is the main obstacle behind their limited pleasure in life .
Young people are usually able to get engaged in so many activities of activitee and hobbies that are pecular to young people such as athletic activites and participation in different competitions that entail young bodies and minds .
Old people can practice such things in a rather differnt mannerdue to their limited phisical and mental capabilites .

So , young people will find the chance to entertain themselves fully , and this will eventually lead to full pleasure and enjoyment in life .
However , the issue of enjoyment remains controvertial , because no one can define what 's real enjoyment !
The real meaning of enjoyment in life varies from one person to an other and also from one generation to an other .
Even differnt communites an d cultures will vary in this context .
Nevertheless , and in my own point of view , I believe that young people do enjoy life more than old ones .
If we happen to consider this issue from an academical point of view , it seems plausible to exemplify it in a classroom environment .
Say , we have two classes , Class A and Class B. The kind of education based on facts and the kind of education based on understanding and concept being followed in each , respectively .
And let 's compare these two environments and the students in each , in terms of motivation , creativity and success .

Firstly focusing on motivation , let 's consider the eve of a certain class .
Knowing that a certain subject will be covered the next day , and relying on that they will have a resource , here this resource being the teacher , citing the mere facts about that subject , the students in Class A wo n't see it necessary to learn that certain thing in advance .
While on the other hand , the students in Class B will try to learn that same certain subject in advance , do some research and go to school as prepared as they can be to contribute to the discussions and ideas floating throughout the class .

Secondly , in terms of creativity , the students in Class B will outdo their counterparts in Class A , as well .
While trying to learn the subject in advance , being motivated as explained in the paragraph above , they will resort to different resources .
Class A students benefiting from a single resource , will nearly be transformed into birds of a feather , thinking paralelly , while Class B students will come to the class being affected from different points of view on the same subject .
And that same day so happens to be prone to create new ideas .

Thirdly and finally , well nourished with novelty caused by inspiration , Class B students will try to outdo one another and easily reach success .
While on the other hand Class A students will be noshing on facts that have already been achieved by some elderly folks before them .
In classes , students learn not only the facts but also the `` ideas '' or `` concepts '' that can be pulled out from the fact .
I strongly agree the statement that it is more improtant for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

FIrst , diffrent from learning only facts , if we understand ideas and concepts throughly , we can apply the knowledge to our life .
For example , if we only know the fact that Franklin D. Roosevelt built New Deal in history , it 's just the fact as it is .
But if we understand how and why Franklin D. Roosevelt built New Deal policy and how it effected to American reneissance , we can apply to our life as we change ourselves as Roosevelt changed his country step by step in history .
We can be impressed and motivated by understanding details about FDR 's New deals and accepted him as American hero .
Like the exampels , learning the fact is not enough to challenge ourselves .
we have to throughly understand what ideas or concepts the text book provides .

Secondly , understanding ideas and concepts will create a new fact that can be the great resources for the future .
We have to learn from history , and prepare for future .
If one have ideas and concepts from history , it can be reformed to more innovative ideas and concepts .
For example , Lots of designers read many articles and magazines and see pictures from design book and try to immitate it .
If they stop trying in the moment they just saw other designer 's ideas , the design will stay as it is now .
But from the past design , designers rethink about it and create a novel complete ideas from it .
ThIs is how the design was developed and will be developed in the future .
As i indicate in a example of design , understanding the a idea or concept is the first step to remodel and develop this world .
We have to accept the ideas or concepts from resourses the world has now , and recreate it with more imagination and sophistication .

Because of this two reason , i belive understainding ideas and concepts is much more important than just knowing facts from text .
To develop oursevles and the world , we have to pay attention more to `` ideas '' and `` concepts '' rather than facts .
Today , we are facing serious environmental threats resulting from the excessive use of cars .
Passing a gas station demonstrates us daily that gas prices are increasing tremendously .
Also on a day-to-day basis , the media tells us about political conflicts mostly resulting from oil issues in the Middle East .
Thus , it may lead us to the question if the invention of the car was a good idea .
Moreover , it is intersting to think about the question if there will be as many cars as today in twenty years from now .
I do not think so for the reasons I would like to give in this essay .

First , oil resources are deminishing very rapidly and statistics show that we will eventually run out of oil and gas .
This , of course , depends on the pace we are using our oil .
But it seems very obvious that the vast oil reserves will be totally gone in twenty years if we use oil as we us it today .
Thus , as there will be no fuel in the future there will certainly be fewer cars as well .

Second , the car as we use to know it now is probably going to dissappear .
Technology develops at a such quick pace that there will be new facilities which will transport us and our goods in the future .
Twohundred years ago , people thought that the train is going to be the new vehicle of the future .
However , as the car was invented , trains were not the only transportation means anymore , thus resulting in a decrease of trains being used .
In the same way , it might be happen with the automobile .
Even today , cars are not used that often anymore when cheap airplane tickets become more and more available .

Lastly , I believe that the need to get from one point to the other will be not as high as it is today .
In twenty years , computer technologies will have advanced in such a tremendous way that almost everything will be possible to do from home .
This trend can already be seen today , as many companies are offering jobs that can be done from home using the Internet .
Thus , people will not leave their house in the future as they do now and can leave their car , if the vehicle is still named as such , in their garage .

In conclusion , I feel that it is obvious from the arguments given above that there will be tremendously less cars in the future .
Moreover , it is impossible to say if such a vehicle will still exist in twenty years from now .
At a first sight , it can be inferred that young people show no interest in helping their community and that they seem to have become more ego-directed , in order to prevent themselves from the duties that a society is asking them .
A likely explanations might be that to help the community is no more seen as convenient as it used to be , as it is not rewarded enough .
Young people do n't feel this as a duty , and think that the world would probably go on without no help from them .

Furthermore , young people seem to live for the present moment and not for the future , almost as they feel that the duties toward a society will not effect their own future , or the future of next generations .

But is most of the youngers seem to share these opinion , it is absolutely not true for all .
Some of them , who are likely grown up with strong ideals and a steady sense of tradition , still continue to putting their efforts to helping their community .
It might be that people living in small towns are easily influenced and touched by community problems .
Is not unusual for them to be prepared in helping because of the surroundings where they live in .

I would n't say that youngers living in the cities are not able to do that , on he contrary , thanks to devices provided by the city , they can easily help communities if they are interested in .

Compared to few decades ago , the modern society we are living in has , with no doubt , passed through a huge number of changings .
Given that , it 's hard to say which of them has really brought an improvement or a decrease in the quality of everyday life .

What is certainly true is that young people summerize the most important and common features of a society .
Generally speaking , the purpose of an academic education is twofold .
Firstly , it prepares students for the labor market in a particular area .
Since most students pursue careers outside academia , this is not a trivial purpose .
Secondly , it should prepare students to conduct effective research applying the state of the art research methodology .
Thus , both purposes of academic education should be taken into account when discussing this subject .

In effect , a broader knowledge of many subjects will necessarily require students to focus on the broader concepts instead of the details .

On the other hand , studying subjects more in depth will allow a student to absorb a significantly higher amount of detail , at the expense of knowledge outside the area of specialization .

It has often been argued that such in-depth knowledge of a subject area and its details is not beneficial , because of a phenomenon colloquially called `` brain overflow '' .
As we acquire new details , we forget the details we have learned in the past .
However , research has shown that the brain is not a container with a fixed size that can only contain a limited amount of knowledge .
Rather , the process of learning and remembering itself expands the capacity of the brain .
Thus , there is no clear cut limit to the amount any one person can learn and remember .

Looking at the labor market implications of this issue , it is important to note that especially in knowledge based professional services , the degree of specialisation is increasing .
Therefore , generalists tend to be in less demand than specialists that are able to cover one subject area in depth .

Similarly , contrary to popular belief , it is still factual knowledge which allows people to put new information in context .
Only those who have a sufficient amount of factual information and a thorough understanding of a subject will be able to process new information .

On the other hand , most people would agree that while the exact limit of the brain 's capacity might be unknown , there must be some limit to the number of data one can remember .

In earlier times intellectuals like J.W. Goethe had actually read all or almost all books published in the three main languages at that time .
This is drastically different today .
Since the knowledge in many academic subjects doubles every ten years or so , it is impossible to keep up with this pace by going into subject specific details .
Scientists thus are condemned to become generalists to some extent .

It is also important to understand that it is the very ability to learn that might be the most important result of an academic education .
Acquiring the ability to quickly identify the most important questions and then to absorb new knowledge is more important than accumulating large amounts of `` dead data '' .
It is not only the knowledge that differentiates graduates from non-graduates .
It is also their ability to learn and process new knowledge faster .
All this would favor a more general knowledge of many subjects .

In addition to this , on today 's labor market , most jobs require constant adaptation to new developments .
The speed with which we are able to adapt to new developments might therefor be more important than the mass of knowledge acquired in the past .
I would therefore favor a stronger focus on general knowledge of many subjects rather than an in depth focus on one subject .
The development of humanity causes new problems to be solved by the society .
The way people act change as new generations come to life .
A new generation means new trends , values , and behaviors .
As a matter of fact , these changes are not always positive ones .
The youth today faces a variety of problems .
An important concern about young people is that they do not give enough time to helping their communities .

All children evolve into young adults during the process of their growth .
It is a self challenging process for many , a time peroid when an individual discovers his tastes , ideas , beliefs and most importantly his place in the society .
The usual respond to this findings is a denial .
Many teenagers would rebel against the system , thinking that they should have more freedom to express themselves .
This is quite understandable in most cases ; however , individualism could turn into a dangerous ideology if precautions are not taken .
For example , a young person might reason that he does not have to keep the streets clean because he did not make them dirty , or he might find himself believing in the idea that old people do not deserve help because they have no practical use .
In addition , there many distractions made to young people 's lives .
All new technology , DVDs , video games and stereos make it impossible for the youth to be aware of community 's problems .
Sadly , more young people come materialistic each day ; less and less teenagers have interest in world issues and politics .
Young people , in essence , are unfortunately slaves of conformity .
Their goal is to be `` cool '' .
Helping the community and becoming responsible people are not considered as `` cool '' by young people .
Inevitably , young people start to do things that are imposed on them by their friends , which eventually leads to a decrease in their involvement in their communities .

The values and ideologies of young people sometimes lead them into wrong paths .
Nowadays , the youth is careless about their community and its needs .
Surely change is an inevitable characteristic of life that is going to affect everyone in the world .
The youth 's attitude has changed over time and became more aggressive .
It is vital to educate and rise up the youth in a way that guarantees the future of our world
* In my opinion it is better to specialize on one subject rather than many academic subjects but at the same time we should have a little basic knowledge about the other subjects too .

It is always better to have an indepth knowledge about one particular subject and be an expert in it or else the person will obiviously be `` Jack of all and master of none '' .
Having indepth knowledge in a particular subject will obviously make a person skilled in that field and he / she can concentrate and contribute the best towards that particular subject .

I agree that the world today is rapidly progressing in every field .
I however totally donot deny that we should not have any knowledge about any other subject rather the the one in which we are specializing because the world is growing too fast and if we are not aware of the developments taking place then we will obviously be like a frog in a well .
A person has to be dynamic enough and should be aware of all the fields and shouldnt be an alien to a new subject .

A dynamic person in my opinion is a person who should be able to talk about the computers at the same time should also know what the green house effect is .
Given a little math we should be able to that as well because these are the basics which every person has to know .

We humans are social beings and when move around in society we meet people from different fields .
When we converse with each other we should be able to converse on any subject though we may not essentially be an expert in it .
I would like to conclude saying a person should have a sound knowlegde of every subject but at the same time he should also be an expert in one subject atleast .
Advertisements exploit people 's curiosity and desires and beguiles customers into spending money on worthless objects .
Many advertisements contain untrustworthy informations that appear appealing to customers .
Advertisements often make thing that `` you have always wanted and need . ''
By doing so , costumers are victims of these pleasing masks .

Advertisements always make diet machines seem to be the panacea of all stubborn fats and even social problem .
`` Lost 10kg in a month '' repeatly appears on television .
This repeation incalcates the customers ' s minds and made them into believing that this diet machine is the best .
Many diet machine advertisements also stress that their machine will work even the user does not cut down food input and that no other exercising is required .
However , there is not such a `` well-rounded '' machine that would make the user loss weight while he or she is consumming thousands of calories .
Therefore , they is no way such a diet machine is as good as it is presented in the advertisement .

Advertisement on tea stresses that tea is the panacea to all diseases .
It cures high blood pressure , headache , depression , and even cancer .
Any educated person know that there is no way that tea can cure cancer .
However , advertisement grasps people 's desire to living as long as possible and exploits this desire to increase their own profits .
Although many people are aware that tea has no direct influence on cancer , they would still like to buy such tea just because they doubt about their own knowledge and that it is better believe that advertisement than their own knowledge .
Therefore , advertisement benefits by controling the psychological effects on people .

If everything is as good as it appears on advertisement , we would have lived in a perfect world without any suffering or death since every thing seems to be the panacea to sufferings or death .
It is left to people 's own judgements to be decieved or not to be decieved by advertisements and by their own doubts .
When you think about the advantages or disavantages of being young compare to be older , you can look around you and observe how many peoples try to stay young and in good health .
Indeed , so many peoples take care of their body in order to stay young that they must be sad because they are becoming older .
In this paper , we will present all the problems you avoid when you are young before listing some reasons why young people enjoy life more .

First of all , a lot of mature adult stop enjoying their life because they are always thinking that it was better when they were young because they had less problems , they think that they were more beautiful and day after day the situation worsens .
This kind of people waste a part of their life just because they are complaining about a time that they will never know again .

Indeed , now they have more responsabilities , more pression because of their job and most ot them have a family which is a big responsability .
All those reasons make them nostalgic about their former life when everything was so easy since they had just to think about themselves .

The previous argument is true , young people can enjoy more their life because they have the freedom to do nearly everything , to take their own decision without involving the agreement of someone else .
If you decide to leave in an other in one month , it will be so easier to do for a single or a couple compare to a family with three children .

Moreover , i believe that young people are generally happier because they can still dream about a lot of thing , they can dream about a great family , a great house , a great job ...
whereas mature adult have the experience and they have already noticed that sometimes , everything is not going according to plan .

Finally , young people have a lot of spare time , they can do everything when they are still at university : sport , arts , shows , parties ...
A lot of stuffs that people who have already a job can not carry on doing .

To conclude , the main reason why young people enjoys their life more than older people is due to their personal situation .
Indeed , an older people has a job , a family , less spare time ...
even if you can have a lot of fun in your job and with your family , in my opinion , nothing can be as nice as the freedom you have when you are young and all the opportunities you still have to manage your life on the way you have decided .
I whole heartedly agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
Advertisements are the source for the companies to reach the customers and sell their product .
Advertisements play an important role in forming an opinion about any product .
If the advertisement is convincing enough , the customer will go and enquire about the product or will try the product .
So , to leave a mark on the customer 's mind , the advertisement is made very catchy and most of the times the advertisements become very misleading .
The products are advertised to have so many features but when you actually see the product or use it , you come to know the real features .

When you see an advertisement , you tend to get fascinated by the features mentioned in the advertisement but when you actually see the product , it leads to disappointment .
But the advertisement actually help the company to bring customers to their products ...
For example , I read in a newspaper about a life time free credit card from a leading bank and I actually signed all the documents to get one .
I got my credit card but later I came to know that some money was deducted from my account as the charges for a magazine subscription .
When i asked the officer of the bank , he said it comes as a package with the card .
That instance drove me to frustration .

Another instance is when i bought a shirt of a top brand .
The company advertise the shirt as wrinkle free but when i actually washed the shirt , it was just a normal shrt with lots of wrinkles on it .
Instances like these happened many times .
Advertisements are mostly misleading but these at least help to bring customer to the shop or to sell the product .

Advertisement is a way by which the companies can reach the customers , tell the customers about the products and finally make their market .
So , the advertisements should tell only the real and true qualities of the product .
The misleading advertisements have led to the decline in the number of people watch or pay attention to the advertisements .
In this way , the advertisements will lose their charm and importance soon .
In our daily life facts has a domination on our automated behaviours .
Because most people do n't spend much time on intellectual activities .
They are getting up early , having breakfast , going to work , after their work they coming to home back and this loop goes on .
But if a person must want to be a real human , he/she must spent some time in the world of ideas , because what makes it different from animals .

Before a fact became a fact it first be shaped in our mind .
After creating an idea we can give it life and make it real .
We put some goals in our brain , for example going to Mars after 20 years .
Is this a fact ?
Of course not .
But going to the Moon was not a fact too until someone deciding to achive this challenging idea .
So if we want to do something we must start from conceptualization of what we want to do .

Another fact about facts is they are passive for us .
It is a result of a proccess and what shapes the proccess is ideas .
So we can say that thinking is cause and fact is result .
In this point of view , if we want to educate creative and active students we must not fill their brains with passive facts , instead we must teach them how to think and conceptualize new , brave and challenging ideas .

In sum , being as a human we are living both with ideas and facts .
But teaching only facts without their background information can not achieve a permanent learning on student .
And a student who does not know how to create new concepts has no meaing in education .
I agree with the statement , that there will be fewer cars in twenty years for the following reasons :

The first reason is that the price of petroleum is still rising in the long-term , because crude oil is getting more rare .
So , because the price of petroleum is getting higher , driving is getting more expensive over time .
In twenty years , the price of petroleum will be much more higher than today .
Maybe , the cars then will receive their power of other raw materials , but today , it is not sure that there will be a substitute for petroleum in twenty years , which is as functional as petroleum .

Another argument for the decline of cars are cities .
Because people still migrate from the countryside to cities , they are getting bigger and bigger all over the world .
As the cities are growing , the traffic chaos is growing too .
Today , in many cities it is much cheaper and faster to use the public transportation such as metro and busses .
This effect will get stronger over the years as the cities are growing .
The other point is , that less people will live at the countryside , in regions , where a car is a necessarity for the daily life .

The pollution of the environment is the third reason why the amount of cars will be smaller in twenty years .
As long there is no other source of power invented , petroleum will be used in cars .
But in these days the concern about the environmental changes in the last years are getting bigger and it is proved that the burning of petroleum contributes to some effects for example the lightening of the ozon .
So probably stronger environmental laws will be made , which could have affects on the amount of cars driven if they make it more difficult or more expensive to drive .

Because of the reasons given , I think that there will be fewer cars in twenty years than there are today .
Do young people enjoy life more than older people ?
Or does age even affect the satisfaction of each individual ?
These are two questions that will be discussed in the following essay .
Several arguments will be presented and evaluated .

First of all , the assumption can be made that younger people , especially in Germany are offered more opportunities than ealier generations could ever experience .
The educational paths provide a large variety to develop oneself and to choose a career that suits one 's interests .
Next to the formation of the academic curriculum , possibilities to create free-time activities are almost endless .
Should this freedom which is offered to the young people however , have an influence on how satisfied they are with their life ?

Older people in contradicition are more limited concerning the above mentioned aspect .
Many did not have the possibility to select their work as well as preferred lifestyle according to their major intersts , due to the second worldwar .
This issue might lead to the fact that they regret that they were not offered such a large amount of opportunities .
Furthermore , health issues might lower the quality of life with increasing age .

I believe that the question should not be if older or younger people enjoy their life more , but rather if age is one of the significant factors that has an influence on overall satisfaction .
In my opinion , not age but rather the optimistic or pessimistic point of view each individual has , decides about his or her quality of life .
This characteristic is absolutely independent of age .
There have always been varying opinons on the importance of learning facts or in contrast the understanding of ideas while studying .
In my opinion the way a student should handle his stdudying depends first very much on the relevant field of study .
For example studying history requires the knowledge of certain historical data .
These are facts tha have to be learned , they can not be derived frim the understanding of a concept .
So there is an importance for the students to learn them .

On the other hand studying economics , the are a lot of models and ideas the students have to understand in order to be sucessful .
Those can no be learned ..
But can the student of history gain success in his studying only by learning facts ?
No he can not .
He also has to understand for example the strutures of ancient societies .

And can the student of economies be a good econimist just by understanding many of the econimic models and ideas ?
Again no .
There is also the need to combine this understanding with certain facts or formulars that simply have yo be learned .

Another important fact is also the type of person one student is .
Some people can keep fact they have read in their minds easily , but its hard for them to understand concepts behind .
Others have diffculties in remembering facts , but are likely to draw right conclusions from concepts they have understood once .

So it can not be said that simply learning facts , or understanding ideas is the key to sucessful studying .
The solution should be a sensible mixture of the two extremes .
Depending on what the aim of studying is and also depending on what one 's preferences and talent are .
`` Adolescence is the golden phase of life '' .
This statement will definetly support my idea that young people truly enjoy life more than older people .
One always remembers the life which he has lived during his early years .
It is always hidden as beautiful memory in some corner of their mind .
The young generation loves to face challenges , they are filled with energy , they have nothing to worry about .

Young generation truly love to do experiment with their life , this may be sometimes dangerous but they do learn alot from it .
They take every event or task as a challenge and then strive hard to complete it .
Even though they fail in their first attempt , they never give up and hence they learn how to live an enjoyable life .
This can be seen from an example that when a young boy tries to make some device , he faces failure in the very first attempt .
But then he tries to put more of his creativeness and develops new model .
This is why technology is advancing with such a rapid speed and the world is getting acquainted with new innovations .

Young generation is always filled with immense energy .
Taking example of various scientists like Einstein , Newton it can be seen that these people have created history because they had that unlimited energy to keep experimenting things until a final conclusion is not reached .
As young people are continously doing something or the other , they are never exhausted neither do they feel lazy .
This results in their better health .
They do not have to be depended on those highly expensive pills nor do they have to take some medecines as a substitute for food because all organs of their body are well functioning .

The most crucial secret behind the enjoyable life that young people enjoy is that they are free from all bondages .
They do not have any load of responsibilities , they treat themselves as free lancer and plan their living according to their own benefits and pleasure .
Niether they have to go to work and take responsibilities at the office nor they have to keep thinking about their home chores .
They can share responsibilities but they do not have to carry it as a burden over their head .

Thus , by summarizing all the above points and example it can be seen that young people have an aim in their life and this is the most vital reason why they enjoy living a better life in comparison with that of the old ones .
Well , I dont think success is a resultant of experiencing risks .
Risk may help to prove oneself new ways of doing things ; new possibilities to aboard issues or face fears and conventionalities .
But I really dont think that by taking risks one can assure for its life success .
The main problem that I detect on the statement is that the concept of success is limited to the risk one .
Fisrt of all we should define what those terms stand for in modern society in order to really understand what are the possibilities involved in that particular process .

For instance , I could be very succesful without risking anything in my life .
I may have proven formulas that have worked for me all my life and that not necessarily make me a succesful person in terms of money and fame , but in my own reference terms , that could be anything regarding a good quality of life , or even not simply that .
If we try to make a general analysis about what is beleived in modern societies that succes may bring to a person , the arguments would orbit around phraes like `` money eventually can make you succesful '' , the same thing with fame .

So , why is money and fame the two main references to explain succes from my point of view ?
Because those concepts are the ones that prevail in modern capitalist societies .
Yes , capitalism , far from all the so-called economic benefits that it supposes for mankind , it has also produced a terrible social need for material whealt in order to expose social status and succes .
I may finish my toughts on this topic by referencing the one and only clue to understand postmodernity : `` the more you buy , the more you are ''
I would n't agree with this statement .
Of course , it is very important to have a good overview over all academic subjects .
But after having achieved this one should decide on what is most interesting to oneself and specialize in this specific subject .

First of all , trying to stay broad in one 's knowledge means to preventing oneself in specializing in a specific area .
But without doing this , it is not possible to gain a deep understanding of any subject and there is the danger that one is just scratching the surface .

This is particularly important nowadays .
Each of the academic areas has grown extensively in knowledge and experience so that it is even impossible to get a full understanding of just a single area .
Furthermore , in order to produce new scientific results or new thoughts in an academic area it is important to have a good knowledge of the latest developments in this specific area .
This is can just be achieved by concentrating and working hard on one subject .

Moreover , I think that it is important to devolop interests , and maybe sometimes also disinterests , in certain areas during one 's academic education .
As far as I have experienced this , it is just possible to achieve great results in a subject when one is interested in the material and thus is able to develop enthusiasm for one 's one work .
Always forcing a person to deal with things that are not so important for he or she , the person will feel uncomfortable with his or her work .

So , specializing in a particular acamdemic area helps and supports the development of own interests and thus increases one one productivity .
Before discussing this statement , we have to think about what `` enjoying life '' means .
It could be simply `` having fun . ''
If it is the case , we have to say that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
But I want to say that `` enjoying life '' can be attained after we recognize `` the meaning of life . ''
When we follow my own definition of `` enjoying life , '' then we can say that old people enjoy life more than younger people do .

Young people may have fun during their school life by discussing topics that they newly discovered , traveling foreign countries or simply going out with friends .
However I want to say that these experiences would be merely `` fun '' rather than enjoying life .
Because `` life '' is such a serious thing , it will take time for young people to recognize the meaning of life .
Also , young people are busy and poor .
They have too much things to do to prepare for the future .
They do n't have enough money to spend to enjoy .

Older people , on the other hand , through their abundant experience , would get their own idea of `` life . ''
Only after they have some idea of life , they will think about what would enjoying their lives mean .
It could be helping others , reading books and discuss about , or travel to diffenent countries .
But their experiences would not merely fun .
We could say these experiences are `` enjoying lives . ''
Facinating thing for older people would be that they have time and money to spend for enjoying their lives .

As a conclusion , I would like to say that old people enjoy life more than younger people do .
So I disagree with the statement .
It is said that `` knowledge is power '' .
But I believe that knowledge is power if it is used in an efficient way .
We acquire knowledge on different subjects around us .
But most of us get interested in a particular subject and try to learn more about that .
I prefer to say that it is better to have broad knowledge on many subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
I feel so because with broad knowledge of many subjects we can become multiskilled .

Having broad knowledge of many subjects is always helpful .
Every science we deal is related to other sciences .
Even the technologies that are getting developed now a days are also demanding knowledge of other subjects to cope with the situations .

For example an electronics student need to have knowledge of computer , to analyze and make his work easy on chip design .

The world around us is made of many things which are related to physics , biology , mathematics and many other subjects .
If we focus on a particular subject and leave others it will be difficult for us when we may suddenly have to face a situation that needs knowledge of other subjects other than our subject of specialization .

For example one of my friend specialized in botany , he doesnot know anything about electricity .
He once kept his hand in bucket of water in which a heating water coil was placed and when power was passing .
He got a sudden shock because of that and he took two days to recover from that experience .
When I asked him about this , he was saying he was not aware of the fact that he will get shock if he places his hand in bucket containing water heater .
He is very good at botany , but this didnot help him out , to face the situation that dealt with electricity .

Finally considering all these issues and examples , I prefer to say broad knowledge of subjects is needed .
Ofcourse specialization in particular subject gives us a proper career , makes us learn deeply and have good knowledge of that subjectBut broad knowledge of subjects helps us to live in the society comfortably which is even more important .
I definitely agree with this statement !
Everyday government uses different measures and tries to involve people in the pollution problem that our planet faces at the moment .
There are two types of measures that the government uses to discourage people to use their cars so as to fight with the pollution .

On the one hand , ` green ' or social values get more and more important to the society and are stressed in newspapers and advertising .
For instance in my city we can often see advertisings for using public transport instead of your own car .
In addition to this type of communication , the city of Lyon introduced a new concept of moving from one point to another by using bicycles .
This company is called VELO'V and allows people to borrow a bicycle for a certain amount of time practically for free !
The subsciption fee is about 5 euros per year which is very tempting !

On the other hand , government puts barriers to the use of the car in the city center by fixing entry fees or by making parking fees very high .
For example in London you have to paye 8 pounds to get to the City of London !
And also you have to paye again when you want to drive back home .
This measure has encouraged many English people to use trains or Underground , but also helped to decrease the traffic problems and the air pollution in the City .

From all these statements and examples we can draw a conclusion .
I think the government is really concerned about ecological problems of our planet and use all kind of measures to encourage people to use their cars less .
As for me , I definitely agree with these policy and hope that in twenty years we could slow down the air pollution problem .
During our lifecycle , we encounter different periods due to our age and we have to obey to bear certain roles .
We try to make a promising future in our younger period whereas we bear more responsibility in our older period .
But when it comes to enjoying life , does younger people have more fun compared to the older people ?
I think not , even though it seems so .

In younger periods of life , we will be persisting , keeping on trying to make a promising `` future '' for ourselves .
Every progress in means of academic performance of fields of business is for making a basis for our future .
In short , we invest , to gain a future .
Furthermore , we have less responsibilities , which may seem to be priceless for many people but not for me .
Having less responsibilities means that you have less control and effect in your life .
When you are a child , your mum will buy your clothes , chooses the meals you eat and even takes stesp in your early academic life .
So , you are dependent on your family in your early lifetime .
As you grow and become older you will increase the span of your responsibilities .

Additionally , younger people lack may be the most important aspect of success and survival in life : experience .
Younger people are worse in decision making and successing in every field they are introduced to as new .

Does being young has nothing to have fun ?
Absolutely there are some .
You can party like crazy , live being dependent on your family and pay no care .
Everything seems to be in order and you do not have to deal with that , then why not just have fun of it ?
As I mentioned earlier , this is an illusionary situation and one have to know that his/her family will not take care of him forever , so he/she has to invest for his/her future .

When we look into life through the older stages of lifecycle , everything is established and in order .
We `` harvest '' our investment of younger periods and have fun of it .
We have established what we dreamed of and we have reached the point , the point of success in our heads .
Therefore , I thing one will be satisfied with his/her life in their older periods .
Now , we have the responsibility of our life , even the lives of our children or others , like our employees .

Another point is that we have the most experience in our older periods , we know how to study , how to be persistent to reach goals and even how to have the most fun out of life !

To conclude , I strictly reject the idea of being younger means enjoying life more .
In my opinion , being younger means that you are an unexperienced , unestablished passenger of the travel through life ; whereas being older means that you are experienced and you are established .
The advantages I have stated throughout this essay of of being older will lead to enjoying life more than the younger ones .
Specifically the topic refers to a very pressing problem in todays time .
As a young individual I regretfully agree to the topic that the individuals of today do not give enough time to helping their communities .

One of the reason attributed to this is that the young generation does not have enough time to deal with the problems of the society .
We are so much engrossed in our daily activities that far from giving attention to our society , we are not devoting time to our children and our aged parents .
The society has become excessively money minded , married couples are working 10-12 hours in their jobs that leaves practically no time for other matters .
I do agree that doing your job is a must but probably we have to find a way to give time to our family , society .

Helping the comminity does not only means that we donate money to it .
It probably demands much greater attention on our part .
We are learned men and women , probably the best brains ever produced , thus it is our responsibility to attack the problems together and work out a rational solution which reflects our intellect .
But the problem is again our self - centered nature .
Today people are just concerned obout themselves , their business , how much profit they made and ways to enhance their economic conditions .
The society has lost its significance as most of us today prefer to live in secluded appartments , aloof from others .
Most of the inhabitants in a building sometimes dont even know the person living next door .

Because of too much of interest in profit making nowadays , corruption has crept into our society .
The business organizations sometimes resort to unethical practices which may also endanger the health of the public which uses their products .

A recent example has been the case of softdrinks .
In order to earn more profit , the company didnt took any measures even when it was revealed that it contains large amounts of pesticides , a great danger to human health .

We have forgotten the ideals which the leaders of our country Mahatama Gandhi , etc gave us .
Today we are more inclined to fight with others , even get them killed if they do not resort to our demands .
Typical examples can be seen in the young generation in india which do not even respect their parents , leave them after all the hard work parents put to nurture them .

The generation gap is widening in our society because of which we tend to oppose uur parents and in many cases even prefer to live alone rather than living with them and serving them .

Thus in short it can be said that even though our society is advancing by leaps and bounds the moral values are degrading and we forget our community which gave us the resources and means to flourish .
Let me begin by stating that during your studies at university , for instance in economics , you will get courses , which contain a lot of theoretical content and it 's hard to understand and remember all those different theories from famous scientists or managers etc. for your final exams .

The first fact to mention is that , if you understand those difficult theories of what your lecturer is telling you during a course , it will be much easier to remember it for learning for your final exams at the end of the semester .
Certainly , you can recap during the last preparation days by using your scripts and papers and keep it in mind .
But does this garantee that you pass the exam .
Propably not , because it is typical that you get asked about the realtions between different theories .
When you have understood , what the main theory is about you can easily answer such questions .

But there is also a point against this opinion .
There are always course contents , which are not understandable .
I know , this sounds unusual .
But for example in maths , there are formulas for which you would need days to get it , how they were developed .
But if you learn them by heart , you can simply use them in different types of excercises .
In this case , it would be very intensive to understand it , whereas you can simply adopt it on several issues .

Besides that , there is another arguement for understanding , instead of just learning these facts .
If you understand all this comlicated theorical content of a model you need to know , it will be much easier to use them in your later life .
For instance when you get a job in a research company , you can simply use your knowledge to fullfill your tasks , you are supposed to do .
Another example would be a other course , in which you are talking about things that are familiar to this special model you have completely understand and in mind .
Then you can use your knowledge to understand the next topic .
You can say , that you incerase your knowledge by using your old knowledge .

In conclusion , I certainly can say that I support this opinion and always have thought the same way like the person , who has said this .
Because if you learn something by heart , i 'm 99.99 percent sure that you will have forgot it completely a week after the exam and as I already mentioned , if you understand the main content of a theory you can manke use of it in every case you have to and you also do n't have to learn it that much ( maybe you do n't have to ) , because you will have it already in mind .
Firstly , I thing that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects may be , culturally speaking , really interesting but that it can also lead to a confused professional guide line in the future .
Therefore , the first objective that each student should have will be , to my point of view , to find out what they will be in ten years in order to have a clear objective during all their studies .
Even tough , it is , obviously , really hard to now at 18 years old what you will be in the future , I profundly believe that the question should be raised carefully in order to create the student motivation .

Moreover , I do believe that at one stage or another we have to find out what we really want to do and then , in order to achieve , this objective to specialize ourselves .
To take a simple example , at the end of my bachelor degree in foreign language I did realize that this section was not diversify enough , so I decided to change for another direction : international commerce .
My point , is that it is important to focus on a specific guide line but without being too specific .

Nevertheless , being stuck in a specific subject can be prove to be a handicaped for the search of a job latter on .
In fact , for some subjects a specification can put the student in a very difficult position , for example we all know that nowadays some departments or branches or no longer relevant or cannot be provided any more .
Students that are specialized in these subjects will therefore have problems to find a job at the en d of their studies and they will probably have to pass another university diploma to get a more general degree in order to find a job .
In this flat world , which has seen some great advancements made in the last decade , things have changed rapidly .
The world has gotten competetive and everyone is trying to outdo others and grow at a faster pace .
Work hours have gotten longer , and people have little or no time even for themselves and their families .
if you ca n't stand out , you are left behind , and no one wants to be left behind .
Things are very different today than they were , say , 50 years ago when people took up one job , and were happy to work for the same company for the rest of their lives .
It not like things were very easy back then , but they were nothing like what is going on in the world at the moment .

Today 's youngster knows that in this ever changing world , if he does n't outperform himself everytime , he will be outdated before he even knows about it .
This change in lifestyles and work enviroment has added lot of stress and pressure on todays youth .
However , I do not believe that this means that the young people today are not giving back enough to their comunity .
They may be short of time , but they try to make up for in different way .

There are NGOs where people like to donate part of their weekends , so that they can work with the poor and the deprived .
There are people who make up for this lack of time by donating money to efforts that they believe in .
Bill Gates , world 's richest man , is relatively young , and one of the biggest philanthrophists the world has seen .
He has pledged his wealth for various causes , and his wife runs a foundation that tries to help out with various problems in third world and developing countries .
A lot of Indian/Chinese expatriates , living in the US , are young and successful .
They probably have not been able to spend enough time for their comunities back home .
But does that mean , that their contribution to the society is nothing ?
Besides obvious things like sending money back to India/China ( which can be used for the welfare of the community ) , they have helped develop an image for the country , as that of a nation full of talented and hardworking people , which has played an important part in taking their country to the next level in this competitve world .
Thus even though they did not spend a lot of visible time helping their community , it was the fruit of their labor that the community and country bore .

To summarize , I would say that even if the generation of today does not have enough time on hands , however , they have done a lot for their communities .
Their contribution goes a long way in changing the shpe of the world we are currently living in .
I disagree with the statement according to which there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
As this statement is however supported by strong arguments , I will firstly name them before indicating why I disagree .

It is nowadays wellknown that cars cause heavy pollution which damage the environment as well as the human health .
In particular the CO2 rejected by cars destroy the ozon .
In some cities of the world the air is nearly not breathable any more and the citizens of such cities face , for instance , heavy asthma problems .
Therefore cities all around the world try to set up car free zones and to improve the quality of the public transportation .
In addition , petrolium ressources are becoming rarer every day which leads to increasing petrolium prices for consummers .
All these reasons may lead people not to buy cars in the comming years and eventually lead to a decrease of the number of cars in use .

One should however consider that as technology develops every day , petrolium may soon not be needed anymore to move cars .
Electricity is more and more commonly used to make cars move .
Main car constructors like Mercedes are nowadays building such electric cars with a large autonomy .
This new generation of cars is quite cheap which will even permit people who did not own a car before to buy one .
Electricity also solves the pollution related problems and may therefore encourage people to buy cars .

Another reason why the number of cars will not decrease in the twenty next years is that cars allow people to be much more flexible and autonomious than planes or trains do .
Some places in the world can simply not be reached without cars .

In addition , driving is a passion for many people .
This leads to the final argument against the statement : it is difficult to change people 's minds and habits and it will definetely take more then twenty years to stop people considering cars as part of our culture .
Historically , people have aquired knowledge in a broad general way while they are young and are growing up , and that knowledge usually narrows down to something more specific when high school ends and college begins .

Some people think it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects while other people believe that one should specialize in one specific subject .
In my view , attaining knowledge of various academic subjects makes for a more disperse and unfocused way of life .

Firstly , learning about many things is something that comes naturally in life .
As we live our every day experiences we learn different things , but in contrast , what we choose to follow as a career should be the unique subject that interests us the most to a point of dedicating a great part of our lives to it .

During our academic years where we learn about a trade or a specific way something is done which we will then apply in real life to better our way of living , get the things we want for ourselves or create new systems for the future in the society we live in , we should strictly stick to one subject with its adjacent issues and not to many academic subjects that would make us loose focus and in the end not relate to anything at all .

Secondly , Learning about only one subject will make us waist a lot less energy , thus making us advance at a quicker pace towards our goals and not making us loose interest on the way .

Moreover , there are very few people in history who have dedicated their lives to many things , like for example Leonardo Da Vinci , who was an overall inventor , artist , investigator and doctor , but we can also say that he was really a eye-opener in a time where people needed to know and discover many things about the world they lived in .

Nowadays , with the Internet and what has become a visual era where the senses are constantly bombarded with information about our environment and the world we live in , the more important it is that we stey focused on one thing at a time instead of many .

In conclusion , I think it is much better to specialize in one specific academic subject than many different ones because it makes one concentrate more on what is personally important and therefore lets one view what is around in a different and better way .
This question is not easy to answer .
On the one hand , I think understanding ideas and concepts is very important .
On the other hand , I think learning facts is also very necessary .

Understanding ideas and concepts , mainly determines or belongs to evolving a good sound knowledge .
A good understanding of such ideas and concepts is always a basic component of a sound knowledge .
Ideas and concepts may be taught in a very casual way , so that students can remember such ideas and concepts easier .
Perhaps they 're using quizzes or games , for example .

Learning should not consist of just learning facts by heart .
Of course , pupils and students have to learn some important facts , for instance , geographical or historical facts .
It is proved that pupils who have to learn only facts may have good or even excellent results in exams , but they also tend to forget things faster .

If pupils understand ideas and concepts , of what they have been taught , they can reproduce it more quickly .
They see basic relations between different ideas , concepts and aspects .
They probably wo n't forget things as fast as pupils do who only learned facts .

Reproduction is a very important part of the learning process .
As long as you can reproduce ideas and concepts , you know or you are able to understand what you have been taught so far .

By way of conclusion , I think students should have both , an understanding of ideas and concepts and learned fact .
The mixture is important .
Emphasis should be on the understanding .
A basis must be designed and this basis must be completed with single facts , which students have to learn .
But , the facts cannot be missed out .
It would be unthinkable to know the ideas of , for example , the French Revolution , but not knowing when this event took place .
The same with geography , it is good to know the customs and habits of , for instance , Japan , but you also have to know were it is situated .
So , as mentioned before there should be an approbriate balance between both , understanding and learning .
I believe that the young people nowadays are at least trying to give enough time to help their communities .
It seems as if we are not helping at all because we do not have enough time in our lives to fully commit a hundred percent of ourselves in the service .
However , we can help others little by litte .
What are our communities anyway ?
Are they countries or neighbors ?
At least my school , American School In Japan , focuses on service to our communities , both countries and neighbors .

I recently joined a club in my school called Sok Sabay , which supports cambodian orphanages to provide home and food supply .
It is a non-profit organization and all of our profits that we make as a club goes straight to the shelter in Cambodia .
We sometimes collect clothes , pencils , toys , and books for children and send them .
Then we get thanks letters from those children , which is are primary source of our happiness and motivation for commitment in the club .
Sok Sabay is not the only non-profit organization in my school .
There are Habitat for Humanity , Phillipine Relief Organization , and UNICEF .
Most of the students join in one of those clubs , and some of them even join in all of them .
Although we are busy with our lives , we do try to somehow be in part of the service program for other countries .

I am also in National Honor Society , which strongly focuses on service program , especially towards our neighbor communities .
We make rice balls for homeless people on the weekends , and visit orphanage shelter about once a month .
Although it is optional to attend those acitives , most of the members of NHS help willingly .
We also support the Runnathon acitivity once a year with American Club .
Moreover , we have meetings almost every week to keep in our minds that we are NHS members and it is necessary to think about the issues of service programs .
We actively help and support our neighbors .

Although there are young people who do not care about others at all , I believe that people in my school are different .
We know somehow that we should be in part of some services , or at least think about it .
I do not believe in necessity of having enough time for service .
Nothing is enough , therefore , we need to keep reminding ourselves that taking an action worths while .
Even a little action can help someone , and that is how my school builds the sense of service towards others .
I disagree with the idea that in about 20 years time frame there will be fewer cars in use that there are today .
The reasons for my disagreement follow .
Firstly , the populations , as always , is on a high rise and will continue to do so .
Hence , there will be more people travelling on the same and limited space on earth .
Further , the birth rate and life expectancy of the people has been increasing , with the help of medical advancements that are made everyday , and hence , there will be more number of people who will be in a position to either drive the car by themselves or at least travel in the cars .
Hence , there will be a definite need of more cars as there will be more people for using the cars .

Secondly , advancements in the machinery of the cars and various parts of the cars are being made every passing day .
Such advencements are also directed towards cutting down the cost of the cars .
If the cost of the cars is reduced to great levels , more people will be able to afford a seperate car for themselves .

Thirdly , the world is growing global with every passing day and each member in most of the families has seperate goals and different daily routine .
In order to achieve their goals and lead their different daily routines , each member in the family may need a seperate car .
Hence , the idea that the number of cars will be reducing in future is not a realistic one .

Although , I agree that with the increment in the number of cars , more fuel will be needed and we have limited source of energy and resources of fuel .
But with the researchers making continuous efforts for creating and finding new sources of energy , it is not far that we will stop using conventional sources of energy and will have newer sources of energy .
For example , it is not far that we will be able to utilize the solar energy for driving our cars , in fact , many of the cars that run on solar power are already in the market .

For all the reasons listed above , I disagree with the idea that there will be fewer cars in use after 20 years that there are today .
I think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects that to specialize in only one subject .
If you have a broad knowledge you have a wider range that you can refer to in all situations of life .
As a child for example it helps you in school , afterwards it is easier to get a job because you can easier pass the appliance test and in the end it helps you to prepare your own childen for life .

On the one hand you get a lot of profit out of a wider rage but on the other hand it may be more sufficiant to have one subject where you have specific knowledge in .

This specific knowledge is especially inportant in working life .
For the most jobs you need to have sprecific knowledge about one subject .
For example travel agents need to have a very good knowledge in Geography .

But in addition to this I think it is imporant to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects at the same time .
If we keep with the example of a travel agent , travel agents have to have a wider knowledge than just in Geography .
For example they need to be good in Mathematics to be able to calculate the prices correctly and furthermore they need to be able to understand , write und spreak different languagues in order to communicate with agencies and hotels all over the world and in the end they also have to be in good knowledge of the language of the country they life in because that is the language they communicate with everyday .

And it is not just the travel industry that has to have all those different skills .
In all diplomatic , business , sientific and many more jobs you need this wide rage .
Or what do you think would happen if a sientist knows how to do the Math to finish his experiments but the does n't know how to communicate in his language and how to write down his results ?
- No one would profit from this .

With this example you can see that it is far more important to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one sprecific one .
All in all I think it is important to have both , to specialize in one subject but to have the wide rage of all subjects at the same time .
I always belive that every age has its own beauty .
When I look around and observe people from different ages all around me , I can see that they love to do different things and they enjoy different things but they can still enjoy .
I do not think that the people who are in their old ages enjoy the life less that the young ones .

A young person may do lots of things in a single day than an older one .
He can go to cinema in the afternoon , go to shoopping in the evening and go to a concert with their friends at night .
However , it does not mean that not doing these kind of activities makes the older one enjoy the life less the younger one .
The older one may have done all these before in his younger ages and may want to do diffrent things such as having a beatiful dinner with his children and grandchildren or may want to have a walk with one of his friend to have a cup of tea on the seaside .

People at some certain ages are already have the taste of something and they want to do diffrent things .
I do not belive that , this makes them enjoy life less than the young people .
My mother loves to cook delicious meals when I go to my hometown at the holidays , and my father says that the happiest times of my mother are those when I say that ` Mum , these are all delicious` .
My mother enjoys the life at those time .
I can see it in her eyes .
Going to cinema or shopping or to a concert do not make happy her as much as having a dinner with all familiy .

Overall , people can be happy with diffrent things in their different ages .
Therefore , they can enjoy life very much at their older ages .
I strongly disagree with the statement made that the young people nowadays do not give enough time to help the communities .
I agree that the times have changed and people have become more busy and mechanical in their routines , but still people are taking time out of their schedules to help the charities , or the under-previleged communities .

Youth is a prime-time in any individual 's life , where he/she has to concentrate on making a good career and pursue their interests at the same time .
But I would also like to add that it is `` the '' time where one realizes his/her responsibility towards the society .
Many successful sportsmen , musicians , actors have started working towards the devlopment of the society when they realized that it was the time to give-back to the society .
In-fact the Miss Universe and Miss World paegents also have the same theme `` Beauty with Purpose '' .

Young people across the world are actively participating in movements like WWF , Green peace , UNICEF etc to make this place better .
I would like to add that many successful young people like Bill Gates , Michael Jackson , David Beckham have donated huge amounts of their fortune to the charities .
There are few people who do not care about the society and are self-centred .
But it is the way one is brought up , that makes an individual more socially responsible .

To help others around you gives us the great feeling of purpose and satisfaction .
People when they realize it , they will surely help the community in one way or the other .
I would like to give the example of Mother Theresa who moved out of her country while she was young and reached India to help the poverty-stricken and the under-previleged .
She led a great life of example which I think everyone should remember and give back to the society , in our own possible ways .
I believe that both thsese points are important at certain level of study .
If a person is going through his postgraduation or PHD studies .
he should be more specific towards his subject and intrerest .
While during undergraduation studies , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academics subject .

While studying in undergraduate program , we should have knowledge of many academic subjects .
It helps us to immply that knowledge in our specialization subject .
I have completed my Bpharm .
In this under graduate program I studied all the subjects like Pharmaceutical analysis , pharmaceutics , pharmacology and biopharmaceutics .
Now I am planning to do my masters in pharmaceutics subject .
And these other subjects will help me in any instance .
because basically they all are related with research .
Pharmaceutics is related with new drug research but pharmacology deals with the effect of the drugs on human body .
So there is one kind of interdepandability present between other subjects and specialized subject .

Now if we think about masters and PHD program .
it is neccesary to choose one specific subject .
It is better to gain deep knowledge in specific subject if your aim is towards research and developement .
Without the depth knowledge of subject , It is not possible to make our carrier in research .
At this level of study we are given special training for work .
If we take the example of doctors .
The only doctors and surgeons with the masters degree in chemotherapy can cure the patient from cancer , which is not possible for the general practitioner .
Doctors with specialization in anesthesia in medical field has decreased the death and and coma cases , which used to occure due to improper introduction of anesthesia .
If we take another example of proffesors .
The proffesor in history subject cant give knowledge about the mathemics subject .

so I believe that the both kind of knowledge is required at different level of studies .
Both have important at different level of studies .
I disagree , but not entirely , with the idea that having a broad knowledge on many academic subjects is better than being specialized in one specific subject .
I think that there should be a balance at the time of gaining knowledge .
Therefore , you should specialize in a topic but at the same time you should be open to learn other topics .

Gaining knowledge of many areas can lead to what I call : `` dilution of knowledge '' by dilution of knowledge I mean that , although it is true that you know about a lot of topics , but because there is not enough time to obtain all the important information of every subject you would end up with a little bit of information from every area .
Therefore , you would have diluted knowledge .

Having diluted knowledge can be perjudicial when you encounter a problem that requieres you to know in depth about a specific problem .
For example : in order to have a job , society expects you to be specialize in a topic , when you see the employment section in the newspaper you would not see an add that says : searching for a person who knows a little bit of everything .
You would find companies looking for people with specialization of different areas .

By other hand being a very specialize person can take you away from society .
For example , I am pursing a Bachelor degree in Mathematics , and I know for sure that if I only concentrate in learning math I wo n't have anything interesting to talk about with other people who are not in the same area as me .
As an another example , I have worked with people and problems from other areas .
This summer I worked with biologists in a problem conserning DNA , in this case it was very important for me to know the biology involve in the whole process , but I was needed , because there was a mathematical problem that they could not solved by their own .
You could see how being specialize in math , but also having knowledge in biology was very important .

In conclusion , people should specialize in an area in order to be useful in the laboral aspect of society but they should not concentrate only in their specialization as they would disconnect from other aspects of society as for example , socialization .
Also , specialization could be useful in topics that are different from your specialization , because , specialist of a certain area are needed in problems outside specialization topic .
There has been a on going debate whether it is better to study a wide range of academic subjects .
Some people do not support the idea because they can not focus on one subject so they can not acquire deep information .
However , from my perspective , it is better for people to have wide range of knowledge in several academic fields because it will broaden their view to world and they can have a lot of experiences that they can apply to other fields .

First of all , they can have wide perspective to the world we live in .
This will lead them to have more open mind in society .
Especially when they are with other people , they can understand other people 's lives better because they study diverse academic subjcets so that they know how different opinions do each individuals have .
Not only can it help them to accept other people 's view better , but also it is beneficial for them to have rational thoughts .
They will not tend to be biased .
Additionally , for example , If I study science and history at the same time , I can think logical concept and moral value at the same time .
Thus , it allows me to get along with everybody as I am well-grounded on interacting with others .

Moreover , by studying a variety of academic subjects , they can acquire numerous experiences which they can apply into other fields .
For example , If I once had studied about computer and now I want to get a job in mathematic field .
Indeed , my experience as to computer skills can be applied into math too .
In order to collect data for surveying , there will be a lot of computer works required .
As we can see , learning diverse field can help people to get their knowledge once and they can use these information in several form of their assets .

Although some people prefer to concentrate their studying in specific field , I maintain that it will bring out more benefits to people to have wide knowledge of many academic area .
This is because that it allows them to obtain wider view and they can have more experiences which can be used in order to success in modern society .
What makes a person successful ?
Is it the amount of money they make , the car they bought with it , or the house they live in ?
I believe that success is more than just having a lot of money .
To be a successful individual a person has to go through many obstacles without stoping , and has to have a clear vision of the future .

We may find someone that is really good in a certain task .
But success is not just being good at something .
I believe that it means to be the best at it .
In the present times people go through life trying to grasp anything they can get .
There 's no such thing as easy money .
Because of the dificulty of getting a job , paying bills , and having enough money to pay for your child 's $ 30,000 per year education , many people have found themselves absorbed by life 's preassure .
They stoped thinking about the future and have focus in the present .

I believe people have become conformists and many mediocre .
They are tired of working so hard and not improoving , so when they finally find something that 's OK , they 'll stay with it because they are too afraid of loosing the little something they 've got .
Most humans do n't feel confortable in an unknown environment .
This makes it hard for these people to take a risk and move towards the unexplored .
They do n't care if it 'll bring something better .
The fear of change disables them to become better .

So a successful person is not the one that stays with what he or she already knows how to do well , but rather that other person who takes the risk and searches for self improovement .
It is not enough to have one goal in life .
What are you supposed to do when you acomplish it ?
Are you done ?
Is there no other reason for you to keep on living ?
I truellly think that a successful person will always have something more to acomplish .
miving from one objective to the next will make you go higher than being passive and staying in the secure zone .
Nowadays , it appears that young people do not give enough time helping their communities .

I agree with this statement .
As a teenager , I have witnessed these facts .
For instance , young people are more preoccupied by leisure time than anything else .
When they come back from school , their main wish is to let off steam , to rest or eventually have fun .
Parents do not necessarily force them to help their community , so it just does not come to their attention that their help might be needed .
Instead , they had rather watch television , go shopping or gather in groups of friends to just hang around .

Young people do not realize that even the smallest action can be of great help .
For example , helping nurses to make inventories , caring for old persons staying in hospital or even babysitting can be of genuine help .
I believe that they are not conscious of their inner selfishness .
The problem is , their parents probably never pointed it to them .
So who is the one to blaim ?
True , most teenagers would consciously refuse to give up their plans to go help people in a hospital , but on the other hand if their parents forced them to do so once or twice , they might become aware of the need for their help .

Sometimes forcing somebody to do something he does not like can have positive outcomes .
Personally speaking , this is how I realized I was becoming a selfish person .
One day my parents told me to do something useful instead of sitting on a sofa and watch television .
Since I am a rather good student , I figured I would spend most of my leisure time helping others who had difficulties .
I have been doing this for about two monthes now , and I truly do not regret it .
In addition to putting an end to my selfishness , it also taught me how to be patient and caring with people .
Most of my `` students '' have now become friends .

So , to sum up , being forced to do something for your own good is useful , and I strongly advise people to do so .
I personally agree with the statement that `` It is important to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' . cause it is enough for a student to understand the ideas and concepts .
According to me , as a student , it is more important to have a clear idea and concepts of a topic rather than going for the facts .
The students should get a clear idea and grip on the topic so that he can know the things well .
students should first learn the things from their lecturers and then should have a knowledge on the particular subject , so gaining knowledge is really very important in building one 's carrier .
so the students should carefully follow the instructions given by the lecturer in order to understand all the concepts .

For example , when i was doing my 10th class , i was very much interested in learning the facts rather than the subject .
I allways use to spend time on finding out the facts and concentrated very less on the concept of the topic , as a result i got a poor grade in my acedemics .

so after this my teacher advised me to understand the ideas and the concepts than to understand the facts .
I followed the instructions given by the teacher , and performed very well in the next exams .

so its really important to have the knowledge of the subject than the knowledge of the facts .
so as i experienced personally , i can surely say that the student should have ideas and concepts of the topics .

Being a student its more than enough to get the knowledge of the particular subject , and under standing the concept of that particular subject than searching for facts ..
so , i personally feel as a student , that understanding the ideas and the concepts is more important than to learn the facts .
I disagree with the idea of a society formed by selfish young people .
It 's not completely true .
It depends on their family , their friends and their social background .
Indeed , if you lived in a family where your parents think only about themselves because they are concentrated only on their job , it would be difficult to think helping the communities .
In this case , the son or the daughter usually thinks about her or his studies , toys , things , goods and not about the others who can need their help .

If I lived in a different family where my parents have taught me to help other people and also animals , the matter would change .
We can start also from our home and our daily routine .
If I taught my son that it 's important to help me doing something , he could do the same in other occasions when he is not at home .
If my son stayed at home in front of tv all the day and I said nothing about that , it could be negative for his sense of help and responsabilities .
So all begins from the education .
The education to help someone is the basis .

It does n't depend on young people but on their education .
I have met in my life a lot of interesting young people who help every day their friends or people in need .
They always belong to a catholic society or have many strong values such as family , love , friendship , sacrifice and so on .
They always believe in something : God or politic values .
Or they believe in some utopistic theory such as communism .
I never met generous and unselfish young people without strong values .
So where young people are not interested to help their communities is where there is a lack of important values .

I believe in some strong catholic values and I try in my free time to help other people in differrent ways .
I 'm a teacher and I work in some cases without earning in order to help some poor people .

There is another important point and it always depends on education : young people sometimes have too many hobbies and appointments in a day and so there is no time left for helping people .
If a parent prohibited this kind of day routine , young people could be less busy and they could have more available time to help others in need .

In conclusion , in the souls of young people , there is the desire to help the communities and the adults have to help them to do that .
I disagree with the statement that considers it better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one specific subject .
In the following paragraphs , I will attempt to explain my position from different perspectives .

In my opinion , someone who knows `` little about a lot '' , will probably be unfamiliar with the specifics in each of the areas he or she knows `` a little '' about .
The probable outcome is that this person wo n't be able to do anything his own and will need specialists in each area to help him or her .

Instead , if that person were to specialize in at least one area , then people can go to the person for help on a specific matter .
The person can , in turn , ask for help or advice in areas beyond his or her expertise .
From an economic perspective , I think that this optimizes resources .
From a social perspective , I think that this creates social interaction , since people will continue to need from each other .
It also prevents mistakes .
Why ?
Because many mistakes are made by those who think they know .

Finally , I think that the future is tending to a world of more specialists .
In day to day life , we see that universities offer very specific courses .
On the other hand , we see that companies are demanding precisely that .
It is no longer sufficient to be a lawyer , or a tax lawyer - for example - since some companies are looking for a specialist in transfer pricing , which is a very specific part of tax law .

To summarize my opinion , I think that from an economic and social perspective and for other reasons described above , it is better to be an expert in a field than to know `` a little about a lot '' .
I strongly agree with the statement `` It is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject '' .
A broader knowledge of academic subjects will lead to a better understanding of topics and problems that exist or may exist in society .
By possesing an interdisciplinary knowledge of subjects , an individual will be in a better position to understand the complexities of issues which are not static and may involve many disciplines .

For example , a podiatrist who specializes only in his subject will be highly succesful in working with many foot conditions .
But when faced with a specific problem , say an allergic reaction on the foot , he may not be able to find the answer in his specialized area .
That particular allergic reaction may be a secondary effect of a larger health issue , such as a disease that has caused the patient 's immune system to be compromised , or something as simple as a neurological reaction to an unusual amount of stress that the patient is experiencing .
A broader range of knowledge in medicine will most surely aid in the podiatrist 's understanding of the allergic reaction and in finding a solution to the patient 's affliction .

Not only is this the case for medicine or science , but in any aspect of a professional 's career it is important to have a wide knowledge of issues related to his or her career .
A civil engineer is more likely to build a safe and useful dam if he is knowledgeable in the needs of the people , the weather conditions under which the dam will be susceptible and the geographical component of the land .
Many times disasters , such as the flooding of New Orleans , occurs because of this lack of knowledge on the part of developers and other professionals .
Communities have been there for the people themselves in making their lives easier .
During ancient times communities meant a lot to those ( people ) who belong to them .
Does the communities still have the same significanace in one 's life , now ?
Absolutely no , thats what that could be seen .
So obviously people are not giving enough time for them .

With the advent of industrialization people are getting more and more mechanical and self - involved than ever before .
Since nowadays they there are things which does n't need involvement .
For example if want to buy fruits , all you need to to is to go to supermarket and pay there and return back , but it was different earlier when people were using barter system there it required more interaction among people and consequently more interaction with the communities .

With the mechanical life people have comparatively very less time even for themselves and for their families so it is not surprising if they do not have a lot of time for their communities .

Industrialisation not only brought machanical life but also devaluation of the emotions .
People not only devalue the morals but also the significance of community ,

People now have more greed for money and less heed for the values .
All what people can do for their communities is donating money but it is not always the best way .
For example , in most of reputed colleges rich alumunis feel a sense of doing for the betterment of their communities by donating huge amount of money but sometimes it 's not the money but rather the need of their expertise , their experience etc , but unfortunately this all requires time which might not be available to them .

So , we can see that community 's significance has decreased , it could be accounted to the industrialization which made people 's life more individualized , paying more attention towards money than the rest with no time for community .
Therefore , one can be agreed with the statement that `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities ''
Young people enjoy life more than older poeple do .
Although most young people in Kuwait are always being controled by their parents they still have an amazing time being young .
Being young means feeling health and happy .
Older people have never ending worries .
In a young person 's life friends may always be the main factor .

Young people in Kuwait live their lives to the fullest .
They live happily always and do not care about the worries that come in their way .
They always seem to have the right solution by using help from people they trust like a member of their family or a friend that is considered a sister or brother .
They make their own lives and choose their own happiness for them to continue living happy and healthy .

Young people in Kuwait are usually from ages 14 up to the age of 30 .
That is the time when the girl or boy is neither married nor having large responsibilities in life .
They depend on their parents in every matter .
At this age its most likely to see youngsters always being with their friends and having fun in malls or in beach houses hanging out .
They always can get stress out of their minds by geting together with people they love and feel comfortable with , while older people ca n't get stress away that easy .
Its really rare seeing young people with family at this time of age .

Being an old person such as a parent or even an old bachelor is hard .
Having many resposibilties to carry around and worry about is one of the reasons an old person would wish to be young .
Having children that are always on the parent 's mind and especially a trouble maker is not what people could call enjoying life .
Also an old bachelor with many business or work to do can have a hard life .
Older people are not as happy as young ones , but they still can be happy .

Young people really do have a happy life but once they grow up they do wish to be young again .
Most youngsters are always happy and they do not carry around huge lumps of stress , except if that person likes to have stress on his/her mind , which is sometimes common .
Enjoying life as a kid makes it easier to hate life as an older person .
This statement is true to every single word and at the same time equally convincing .
I strongly agree that successful people try new things , indulge in innovative activities and are risk-takers .

First and foremost , The proverb ' No risk no gain ' supports this idea .
Had our forefathers not tried new things and taken risks in their lifetime , we would not be sitting on our sofa watching a big-screen TV , talking on the phone with someone from a different continent , eating microwaved food and getting an automatic massage to our feet .
All these comforts at our disposal are results of the efforts and risks people have taken to bring on changes .

People who always try new things and take risks are likely to open the doors to fresh ideas , novel results , widened scopes , broader perspectives , new domains of thinking , and most importantly , a profound intellectual comprehensibility of what is around us and what can be done to make this world a better place .
Such people are not only successful themselves but actually help the society to be a role model .
On the other hand , doing what one knows how to do well is almost like living in a confined area with limited scope and results .
Not that these people are not part of the society and do not contribute to the well-being of the society and become successful , but they lack fresh perspective and ideas to anything that is unexplored and unexploited , in terms of its value .

A good example would be the invention of Airplanes .
If the Wright brothers did not take the risk of flying , we would not have airplanes today .

Therefore , I firmly believe that in order to be successful and be able to help the mankind , one must be ready to cross boundaries , explore the unexplored and make this world a better place .
I agree with this statement .
In fact , I 'm sure that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Everyone knows about the catastrophic consequences deriving from pollution .
For example , our planet is becoming warmer and warmer and the sea level increased rapidly in the last few years .
I think that pollution is a great problem , but I believe that we can do something in order to save the earth .

What can we do ?
We can prefer public transport , such as buses or metros , to cars .
For instance , every day I go to university on foot .
It 's a good attitude , because I can have some phisical movement , I can meet friends on my way , I can stop for a while to buy a newspaper and , most of all , I can enjoy my city .
I relax when I go out for a walk and I suggest that you try to do the same thing .
So , I suggest that you prefer ecological means of transport in order to respect our planet and to defend it from pollution .

Public transport is less expensive than cars , so that you can spend that money in other ways .
Moreover , through buses you can socialize , you can share the travel with others or , if you are lucky , you can meet interesting people on your path .
For example , last week , while I was coming back home , I met Giovanni Sartori , an Italian writer .
I was very surprised !
I asked him some question about his latest work , called `` La mala costituzione '' .
He told me that he prefers taking the bus because it helps him to feel close to common people .
I agree with this idea , because I think that through public transport you can share , not only a travel , but also feelings and emotions .

In conclusion , I suggest that you abandon you cars and you start taking buses for three simple reasons : first of all , you can contribute to save the planet from pollution ; secondly , buses are cheaper than cars ; finally doing so , you can enjoy the atmosphere of your city .
Education goals have changed in the past few years .
People have become aware that school represents a whole world where kids are exposed to a great variety of situations .
From daily tasks like reading a passage or keeping the classroom clean to how to deal with an abusive classmate or the first love .
If that much is at stake then education can not be aimed to learning facts only .
There are also other reasons that support the statement that education must be based on the understanding of ideas as well on the acquiring of skills .
First , skills as well as the understanding of ideas last forever and they are universal .
The processes involved can be used anywhere , anymoment .

Second , they serve as tools for dealing with a less narrow variety of situations as opposed with the memorization process that is involved in the learning of a fact .
And as tools they can be used to find new and alternative ways to apply the same ideas .

Third , they improve your abbility of making connections which is very important nowadays when knowledge is too vast to grasp .

Finally , they can be custumized to every student 's needs .
Facts imply that every one should memorize them in the same way while if the teacher is taking in account the personal abbilities of each person then a personal approach is rea I believe that when teacher and students only want to study and learn facts they will enclose the knowledge and they will narrow their opportunities to develop in a world that has become more and more ecclectic .

Even though the statement referes only to the students , teachers have a great deal to learn , first they should discover what motivates them to teach in a certain way and then they should evaluate whether their methods are reaching more that memory or if otherwise they are helping students to reach higher standarsds .
Although some people may think an advertised product is really typical to its form in the advertisements , I believe that products look much better in advertisements than they do in reality .

My opinion is based on several experiences and examples .
First , it is a known fact that all advertisers tend to show their product as the best in the market , a tendency that is increased by the increased competition among producers .
So , any producer will only show the advantages of his product and disregard its disadvantages .
For example , an advertisement for a certain product will only show people who were satisfied with the product , and allow them to give a lengthy explanation of how the product changed their lives , even though the product may have no impact on a person 's life at all , such as dog food , and in many cases the person talking in the advertisement has not even seen the product .

An important point to consider when watching an advertisement is the size of a product , which is , not surprisingly , larger in the advertisement than it really is .
So , a burger sandwich could be nearly as large as a pizza , and similarly , a piece of furniture , such as a table or a chair or a desk can be misleadingly large in an advertisement .
Another example is shampoo .
An advertisement for shampoo will show girls with silky hair , giving the impression that this particular brand of shampoo will make the curliest hair more nourished and healthy .

Another technique that misleads the customers in an advertisement is to show people , and in some cases celebrities , using the product and having a great time , which gives the consumer the impression that buying the proct will make him feel happier .
Since we are all searching for happiness , many people may be encouraged to buy the product .

Personally , I have had several disappointing experiences with advertisements .
I have bought bags , clothes and even furniture after watching misleading advertisements on tv and reading great customer reviews for products on the internet , which turn out to be much less satisfying than they are portrayed .
I have to admit that some of the products were good , but still not as good as they appeared in the advertisements .
The problem associated with the fact that products may sometimes seem better in advertisements than they really are is exacerbated by the use of the internet for shopping , where the consumer buys a product without actually seeing it .
Still , advertisements are interesting and do provide important information about products , we just have to learn to think before we buy .
I do n't think young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Usually , when we think to younger people , we imagine them in their life cycle span of adolescence and early maturity .
In this period of life most of them do n't work , they are economically maintend by family and they study at school and university .
Being a student offer the chance to know a lot of people , make new friends and increase possibilities to find a partner ; so young people have a lot of social interactions .
With all this mates they explore the world and live new experiences almost every day , for example their first tour at night without the presence of parents , the first party with both male and females , the first love , new strong emotions and feelings ; their moods vary continually and make their life full of excitment .
Looks that youth is best part of life but , personally i think it is n't so for two reasons .
The first because youth is also the most turbulent period of the entire life .
All the biological changes make the adolescent so insicure and from a psychological point of view he is so fragile .
Young people do n't only enjoy parties and free time but they also suffer a lot .
Frustrations , delusions , psychological complex lead the young to experiment a lot of pain .
The other reason I think youth is n't the most funny period of life is because every part of life can be funny , every period is important and has its specifical beauty , even senility .

This statement could sound too much rethorical at a first glance but I think it 's true .
Older people have other possibilitie of entertainment that youngers do n't have .
For example having a job and being retribuited can bring mature people to have much more money to spend for their hobbies .
And they are also more wise and they sometime know how to cope better with life adversities .
Before giving a straight answer to this question , I need to state that it depends on what the specific person intends to use his academic education for .

In my opinion a solid basic knowledge of a variety of subjects should be obligatory to everyone , who seeks an academic degree .
But as this should be content of the school education and somehow a foundation for the decision , which subject is choosen at university , the goal to be perfect in everything is not a useful and not a realistic one .
To understand the last aspect , one should regard that the knowledge in the world is doubling every four years and speed of this process is even increasing .
An all-around genious , like da Vinci or other great characters in the Renaissance , do n't fit in our time .
This means not that I do n't see the importance to link knowledge or to have a broader horizon to deal with academic problems .

Nevertheless I prefer to get an education that gives me the chance to specialize in my field of studies and go as deep into the topic as possible .
The main reason for this position is the fact that most of the students , including me , will once enter the market for well educated and highly motivated working force .
To get an advantage in this competition is essential .
And it wo n't make me special and important for a potential employer that I know a bit about biology and art-history working as an accountant in car industry .
To have a realistic or even good chance in this field of industry I 'd rather rely on my abilities in business administration and knowledge about this kind of industry .
Therefore it is , in my eyes , important to make an early and specific decision , what you want to achieve in your academic studies and - if possible - where you want to work in the future .

The same is relevant for students , who are occupied with for example law .
Most of the students I know , who made a degree in law , needed to focus on one specific sector of this field of studies .
Otherwise they would have had serious problem to get an appropriate job .
Because , the rest of the students with no vision end as taxi
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
The modern trend of elitism , individualism , and has robbed today 's youth 's knowledge of the inherent value in community service .

In Korea , a nation that has thrived on the basis of human resources , the main source for one 's economic success is one 's ability to perform academically : thus the trend for elitism .
The extreme competition in college admission and the strict education system that follows accounts for the fact that an average student spends at least five hours in an independent learning institution every day .
It is no wonder why these students find no time for community service , save a time for personal leisure .
As youths have been emersed in this merit-based society , they lost sight of the necessity to help the poor and helpless .
After all , if one were supposed to earn one 's way to the top , then does not poverty and hunger stem from the incompetence and neglect of those who suffer ?

Individualism , a western thought that is now spreading world-wide , is another factor for the youths ' neglect of community service .
During the Industrial Revolution , communities that were bound together by economic niches began dissolving due to the development of specialization .
Families and neighborhoods that used to work together on communal farms were separated as they were employed by mass factories .
Due to such a separation , the world today is becoming more and more self-centered and individualised .
The young peoples ' neglect of community service is only one manifestation of this phenomenon .

In conclusion , the strive for economic success and individual gains have blinded the youths of today .
We need to start recognizing that there is a greater calling out there in this world : love .
In response to the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well , I agree .

Successful people has a vision and has the ability to transform it into reality .
Take for example the Czech immigrant Nikolo Tesla .
He was a brilliant scientist who invented the induction generator which generated alternating current .
This was at a time when the authority on power and transmission of power was Thomas Alva Edison who had invented direct current .
Tesla was able to show that transmission losses in alternating current over large distances were negligible as opposed to tremendous losses in direct current which made transmission of direct current for distances greater than two miles , virtually impossible .
Tesla had a vision of an induction generator generating alternating current which by virtue of its properties would suffer little attenuation during transmission .
He also had the expertise and knowledge to invent one .
This gave him success which he richly deserved .

Successful people are also be able to take a calculated risk in trying new things .
After all , nothing ventured , nothing gained .
A case in point is , Mr Westinghouse .
In an era where Edison 's word was gospel , he chose to back a minnow by the name of Nikolo Tesla because he could visualise the profits that could be accrued if the concept of alternating current were a success .
He invested in a 66 Mega Watt power generation project for alternating current based on Tesla 's design , which changed the way mankind used domestic and industrial electric power , forever .
Westinghouse is now synonymous with power generation now .
This could happen only because Westinghouse believed in Tesla 's concept and though it was not proved at that time , risked a major investment in the venture and was willing to gamble on the success of the project .

However , it must be said about the most prolific inventor of our times , Thomas Alva Edison , that for every invention of his which worked there were seven which would not .
He did not give up .
He persevered and continued with his passion which made him a successful man .
Preseverence is also a major virtue in successful people .
I strongly agree that the young people nowdays donot give enough time to their communities .
Young people who are generally considered as the major force , the future of the any nation ironically dont spend much of the time helping the communities .
They generally donot raise voices against the injustic , against the activities carried by the malicious minds present in our society .

Firstly the young people of nowdays are gererally to obessesed by self-needs that they donot tend to think of the society .
The term too-selfcentered is the best to describe the young generation of the era .
The need of money , the self problems like emotional ones tends to isolate the young people form the community as a whole for example the software graduate are willing to work for long hours in order to earn more money .
The greed for money could be for family or for themselves whatever might be the reason he is deprived of his valuable time .
The problem can only be solved by the satisfaction in less money not by abudence of it .
The solution to the emotional problem is that young peolpe should involve in the family more for the emotional support The more spare time they have the more the involvement is there form the part of the youngesters .

The second most important reason is the laws , procedure and policies of the government are as such as the young people tend to think twice before helping and trying to raise the voices in favor of their communities .
For example if their is problem regarding the demolishing of the houses of their communities if the young people want to raise their voices they might end up in the jail .
This is the result of the flaws of the laws and policies of the government .
The solution to the problem is the laws and policies should be such that young people are not scared against helping their community .

The less greed for money accompanied with the work-satisfaction & the laws and policies which are not harsh will generally encourage the young peole nowdays to help the communities .
The issue at hand is about the type of studying .
It is very important because this choice has a lot of consequencies for the future .
I think that it is better to know many academic subjects than to specialize in only one specific subject .
Although there are good reasons for both , I really think that the reasons supporting the statement are more than the others and more important .

First of all , I think that the real life is never about only one specific topic .
I think that people needs to know a lot of different things in different subjects not only in order to be appreciated from the others , but , for example , to communicate with other people .

Additionally , I think that there are not fixed boundaries between the different subjects .
Those boundaries are made by the humans in order to classify and to organize the knowledge .
But , as I have seen in my studies , all the `` different '' subjects are in reality connected .

For example , Artificial Intelligence is not only about Computer Science , but it is connected with a lot of other subjects .
It is connected to Biology ( Biology Inspired Algorithms and Artificial Vision ) .
to Electronics ( for the robots ) , to Philosophy ( different types of logic and problems in the different logics ) ...

So , it is important , in order to understand well a subject , to know also other subjects .

Another important consideration is about the capability of reasoning .
I think that if students study different subjects , they are more likely to reason and to connect all the informations .
On the other hand , if students study only one subject , they will not be able to reasoning .
Their minds are closed only to specific informations .

Finally , I think that it is more interesting for a student to learn something about different subjects rather than to learn only about one subject .
I discussed this opinion with some friends and all of them agreed with me .

In conclusion , as my essay explains , I think that it is better to know many different subjects ( even not in depth ) than specialize in one specific subject .
When people plane travel some of them prefer to travel in agroup lrd by a tout guide , while some of them prefer to travel idividually .
In my opinion the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide .

First when you travel in a group led by a tour guide , you will not take the risk and the tour guide will help in lot of things .
of course the tour guide will be an expert person knowing his or her job very well .
So there will clear day by day program .
The tour guide will know the area , which to be visited , very well .
He or she know where the histrical places in the area , the parks , the resturants , and all the important places around the area .
Even the tour guide know where are the goverment offices and hospital in case of any emergency .
All this will let the traveler to relax and enjoy his time and not to concentrate on the details of the trip and avoid the hassle .

Second when you travel in a group led by a tour guide it will be golden opportunity to know different people from different places and this may led to make friendship and as there is tour guide there is more time for this kind of relationship .
Even these frindship can continue after the trip through the e.mails and the phones conversations .
These kind of trip some times cuold be a chance for some people to find their life partner .

Last by travelling in a group always you will find some people with you durring the bad times and durring the good times and it will be a chance to help people as been help by other peop

Upon all the above poins travelling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel in my opinon
Some people prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide , but some of the others prefer to travel alone or with a couple of partners .
In my opinion , I do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
There are three reasons based on my experience convince me that the best way to travel is alone or with partners .

First of all , self-organized travels maintains personal preferences on routes .
It would be dipressed that some places one wishes to visit are not on the tour list .
To travel alone hat the benefit of choosing whatever one likes and whereever one wants to go .
For me , traveling is a self discovering adventure .
Without the freedom to make decisions during the travel is lack of the meanings of traveling its own .

Secondly , i prefer to organize a tour on ones own because one would learn more and get the most of the period of time .
From collecting informations of the destination and researching the cultural differences , one abtaines so much more knowledge along with the planning .
Furthermore , planning the schedule would help one to get the basic knowledge of the trip .
On the contrary , in a group led by a tour guide limits the possibility to explore interresting facts of different cultures and also limits people 's incentives to get more to know about the backgroud of the place .

Thirdly , the flexible schedule makes travels more enjoyable .
Everyone who had followed a tour trip had had such experience of rushing to follow the schedule .
Self-organized travel is flexible that one can make decisions based on the weather , health conditions , or even mood .
For example , if one gets too tired from yesterdays schedule , one can just sleep more until the the energy gets back .
Flexible schedule not only adjust the personal condition better , but also brings out unexpected surprises during the trip , which is one the most wonderful part of traveling .
For example , five minute late for the bus might lead one to another route , but the other way which less traveled by might be more beautiful than the original plan .

In conclusion , there are so much more fun to travel alone or with a couple of partners rather than following the fixed schedules .
In my opinion , the most momorial moments in a travel are those which i did not expect .
STUDENTS SHOULD RELY IN FACTS
AND NOT CONCEPTS

After I graduated from high school , my physics teacher taught me all kind of concepts for algorythms and formulas .
Later , at the university , when i was doing my internship , I look back and asked myself .
Why I did not learned more didactic and practical things ?
Facts are the best teacher that a person could have in his life .
Concepts are good for the basic teaching but it is not useful in the real life .

Actions demostrate ten times more than a single concept .
A good idea is the one that it is made a reality .
For example , let 's imagine that I am an engineer and I only know the concept to operate a machine .
Can you imagine ?
What am I going to do when I will be in front of my boss and tell him , `` I only know the concepts . ''
It is ridiculous , to learn something without a logical meaning .

Facts are the physical prove of a hypothesis or a project. a student can not learn just an idea , they need to know how to develop the concept .
In particular When I was working in a manufacturing industry , we had to give our client his product .
We could not just tell him that we had the idea of what to do but not how to do it .
Thus , it is important to be awarness of what a student is learning becuase if he does not , it is only an a waste of time .

A student has to consider the facts instead of the ideas becuase it is the only way for the student to understand the purpose of a lesson .
In particular , I enjoy taking classes at SECAP because they give a few theorical classes and the rest is useful practice which will help me in my career .

It is clear , then that the ideas are just a vague imaginary actions that should be put into action .
Hence , students and myself have to rely on the facts of every lesson , for those are the ones that really matter in our life and society .
Between an idea and action , there is a process to work on .
I definitely would not like to opine with this statement .
I would rather like the same statement if its slightly rebuilt or modified .
First of all , whom should we consider successful people ?
Those who tried new things just in time when there was demand and that too in their field only or those people who contributed to the complete generation of the ideas relevant to the topic .
Well In my opinion there are many people who hit the limelight by making lots of money .
Do we call them successful people ?
If that was the case I would agree if Microsoft ventured into the Steel segment .
I would agree if Dell starts to sell Pizza in the future .
I would agree so if `` Intel '' can start a University and so on .
You can ask thousands of questions like that for yourself .

But the crux of the matter is , How much a person knows about his/her business ?
How much is the quantum of knowledge or trend generated by him/her that is applicable in toto various other fields .
How often is the risk experienced by the people that necessitated for such innovative concepts .
You often find people investing money in inventions only to sustain their own business .
I would not like to call them successful people .

I feel that the chain stores run by some business entities should be considered successful .
In chain stores , the products are being sold , the variety of products and customer service increases .
This inturn , increases his expertise to sell various other products .
You can talk about a grocery store owner selling cosmetics and then starts to sell medicines , and then a Gas station and so on and excelling in all the areas of business .

This in my opinion is called success , the concept acheived in one store is being built across various other fields .
There
Yes i 'm totally agreed with the above statement .
Understanding ideas and developing your way of thinking about the facs and analyzing the problem in various ways is the key factor in the sucess of any student while his scholar carrier .
it is the fundamentals only which provides a stronger base to any concept or any derivation of idea , so very first initiative in the student 's mnd should be bary clear about his fundamentals .
After understanding the base one shoul be able to clarify the concepts hiding behind any proble or solution .
The concept is the thing which often many students escapes due to their laziness or their fear for understanding the concepts , because generally it takes time to build your concepts .
students often prefer to learn the facts ang swell then to save time and workship but they dont ever thinks of its after effects in their coming future life , because whenever they wil be using their theoretical knowledge on the practical groung definitely they will be in trouble to summarize their ideas and providing a good soultion to any practical problem .
It is really speaking a art for any learner who is really keen to grasp and going in depth of any concept and proving the thing very clearly .
A student always should be willing to learn something innovative .
And this is possible only when he lear about the concepts and ideas and building their own analyis and tactics .
For any student there shold not be any ken , because he is in a state of learning nothing can be fixed for them to learn only this .
It shows the salubrious nature of any student who is confident about the concepts and ideas .
There are gigantic many sources available for building the concepts and upgrading the ideas .
Student 's sagacious behaviour makes him a well analyzer and its the only thing which hones ones skills and knowledge .
Often some students get intimidate by hearing the questions like ` what concepts you made form this idea ? '
This should not be any more difficulty for the students to sharp their skills and learning ability in their age because its the fundation of any buliding which they are going to build based on those concepts .
If the foundation will not be strong then definitely it is going to collapse .
The ultimately we are in state of realizing the imporatnce of concept buliding and developing your skills .
Only by leaning facts and swelling them one can provide an immediate solution to the problem but definitely all his efforts will be in vain if is not well equipped with the concept building .
When students goes to a practical field of life and they are called for expressing their ideas about anything they studied then at time they will be producing an ineffective demonstartion of their skills .
So if we think in long term then we find that the conceptualising things will be fruitfull and also will provide you self satisfaction .

Finally i'ld like to conclude with the statement ' Pracice makes a man perfect ' and practice is notinh but honing your concepts and abilities .
I will support the idea that young people are more happy than older people .

The first reason is that people in their twentys for example usually have less health problems and more energy .
They are at their physical heights , strong , and beautifull !
They can go out late at night and wake up early the next day without feeling too much pain .

Another reason is that young people still have hope .
Hope in a brighter future for the world , hope in a brighter future for themselves .
They beleive , and they are theoritically right , that everything is still possible in the world and in their life , and this contributes greatly to their happiness .
Every day a new life can begin .
As a counter example , I have a friend , 40 years old , who has been a technician for the twenty first years of his career , despite the fact that he didn n't really like technical jobs .
He always thought his job was just for a living and that he would n't do that all his life .
But recently , when he wanted to finally change job and work in business , he just could n't find a single employee that aws interested in his profile .
He was very depressed about the idea of spending the rest of his life doing something he did n't really like .
Whereas for young people , it is easier to change job .

Finally , young people have less reponsibilities than older people , therefore they are less likely to suffer from stress than older people .
Their job , their familly life , and their belongings are not as important as they will be in their future .

Plus , their decisions usually involve only them , therfore increasing the satisfaction that they can get from life .
They can more or less decide according to whatever they feel is good for them , without having to find a compromise with a loved one or childrens .
For instance , if they do not have a family , they can decide to go and work abroad if they have a great opportunity , which is not so easy to do for someone that lives with his wife or husband .

As a conclusion , even though there are many benefits to growing old , young people enjoy more life than older people .
But after all , being young is in people 's minds !
I agree with the fact than advertisment make products seem much better than they really are .

To begin with , advertisements do n't show real life .
They show a world created around the product they advertise for , where it is vital .
They show a world where everybody is in need of the product , and has no other alternative than using it - they are quite happy with that , by the way .
In the real world , customers have choices , most of them perhaps do n't need the product , they have alternatives .
Furthermore , everything is clean in an ad .
Even in advertisements for hoovers , the dust seems to be just put down there , and goes with one use of the hoover .
This makes the product looks better by comparison with the environment it is presented in : people think if they get the product , their lives will be cleaner and easier .

Then , in an advertisement , everything is presented to attract people .
When a demonstration is needed , as for medications for example , the product acts fast and efficiently .
The demonstration itself is made with colored drawings or animation .
The product of course never crashes down , or is never used in a way where it would n't work as well as in the best conditions .
This also make people think it will be easy to use the product , the effects occuring as fast and effective as a big colored arrow wiping the problem off .

Finally , advertisements are made to make a product look better .
It is their purpose to make people buy it .
And as there are in most of the cases many concurrents , and few really revolutionary products , you have to enhance what is good in a product .
This is not recent .
Just going back to the Middle-Age , heralds were used to sing and tell the capacities and acts of their masters .
They always made them look better than what they really were .
Most religions do as well promise better than what they can be sure to give .
For as long as humans have existed , if one wanted to sell a product , one had to make it look better than what it really was .
It is then normal to suppose modern companies selling modern products just do the same .

To conclude , it is true advertisements make products look better than what they are .
But there are no lies in them , just a little more than truth !
The statement that the young people do not give much time for helping their communities is a genaralised statement which has to be debated upon .
I feel that the young person 's tendency to help mainly depends on the kind of atmosphere he dwells in and the basic nurture that has been provided to him in his younger years .
A person who has seen the difficulties of life in his young age is prone to actually understand the situation of the helpless .
That empathy is the driving force for the youth to help people .
we have seen many personalities all over the globe .
Some of them being Mother Theresa , Hellen keller and Mahathma Gandhi .
If we look deeply , it was their young days that facilated and ignited their minds to sacrifice their life for their community .
This point rightly speaks for the youth .
We saw a lot of protests and active participation from the youth right from the twin tower tragedy to the katrina .
Young people hae always been there for their communities in the point of distress .

The other side of today 's youth pictures students roaming around with guns and the rapid addictionof today 's youth to drugs and other habits .
Empathy can surely not be expected from these youths .
Where there is no empathy there is no place for service .

The young people today cannot be catogarised on a general scale in this aspect .
There are a lot of young people who take up their life 's aim as service at the same time there are a lot of them who act in the opposite direction .
Furthur more , the increased terrorist attacks and the increasing hostility of the surroundinds serve as a catalyst to the youth of today to stand up for their communities .
so i think that a sensible part of the youth is rightly giving its part for the community
Many of us are eager to become successful people .
However , many successful people did not magically succeed one day .
They all took a risk of being a failure or overcame the struggles .
Therefore , I agree that successful people try new things and take risks .

For example , Bill Gates , one of the most successful businessmen in the world , did not even graduate from the university .
His great invention , Windows was nothing but a program with simple design at that time .
His courage and plan , however , was not simple nor easy at all .
As if he needed to prove that he is a talented businessman , he had to visit numerous numbers of people to pursuade them that his invention is amusing .

Additionally , Bill Gates did not always succeed .
His business went through several hard times .
His business went through several trials because people were jealous of him all the time .
Once , he had to leave the company for dominating the market .
This is very absurd in my opinion because if running the business really well is a problematic , how come many people are trying so hard to become a successful business man ?

Gate 's another great invention , XBOX , shows another example .
At that time , the future of XBOX was very unclear .
The market was already being dominated by SONY 's Playstation II .
Plus , if XBOX had failed to success in the market , that would have been another life time crisis for BIll Gates .
Bill Gates took the risk of selling ungaurenteed product to the market and thanks to his idea , XBOX almost dominated the market in the North America .
Now , consumers can enjoy different kinds of machines .

To conclude , successful people cannot success without taking a risk of being a failure .
However , it is not the luck or fortune that makes the sucessful person .
It is the courage and careful plan that creates one succesful person .
Hardly anyone seems to realize this and often blame God for not having enough luck !
Enjoying life and profiting of life are very important .
enjoying life for me does n't depend on a specific age but it depends on willing , circumstances , money , health and a lot of other things .

If we take the point of willing or looking forward to enjoy life , we will get variable situations and variable results .
For example there are young people who are full of freshness but they don ' have the willing of enjoying life and i am one of those .
Iam 28-years-old , i am thinking all the time about problems especially my problems and my ambition without paying attention that i am losing a lot of time in stress and calculations with no results and in the same time i am not enjoying at all my life .

In the same time i am astonished from my grand father who is 82-years-old and he is enjoying every single moment of his life .
Sometimes , the circumstances of the life does n't allow us to profit from life .
For example i know some people who cannot enjoy their lives due to a unique reason which is : ( work ) , the word seems so simple and we can ask ourselves how can work can block like this the sense of enjoying life ?
it 's so simple when you work between 9 and 12 hours per day you ca n't really enjoy because you do not have time and your brain became formated only to work .
I think that there are a lot of young healthy people who cannot enjoy their life due to their work .

In the same time there are other young and old people who have the priority of enjoying life without thinking in work .
Other points that can influence our sense of enjoying life is money .
some people , enjoying life for them is depending essentially on money , because for them they cannot enjoy without travelling , without buying luxurious cars and houses and this part of people is including young and old people so it does n't depend on age .

The last and the most important point for me is : Health .
A person who is sick or with bad health conditions , cannot have a good quality of life and as a rsult of this he cannot enjoy life even if he has the willing and money .

On the contrary of a person in a good health can enjoy his life easily with little bit of money and willing .
to summarize-up for me enjoying life does n't have an age but we can say it has a soal .
In the same way that people from different cultures enjoy life in different ways , I am convinced that older people can enjoy life just as much as younger people do .
However , older people enjoy different things in life .

First , I believe that people change their definition of happiness as they grow older .
While young people would most likely associate the thought of enjoying life with the practice of physical activities , or a busy nightlife , I am tempted to believe that older people would tend to relate enjoyment to more intellectual activitites such as reading , writing , or any artistic activity .

Second , older people have financial resources that allow them to do things that they were not able to do when they were younger .
For instance , older people generally have a more significant budget to travel all over the world .
I can still remember spending entire summers working in construction in order to pay for my extra-curricular activites during the academic year .
Now , I have the ability to take several weeks off and spend all my time traveling to foreign countries .

Finally , I am convinced that you only enjoy life once you really understand its value .
Older people have more experience , and understand the value of friendship , community and other things that make anyone 's life enjoyable .
I would argue that younger people do not always have the same ability to step back and enjoy what they have in the than older people .
I remember that I would only care about sports while I was in high school .
Although the feeling of being a performant athlete provided many opportunities to enjoy life , I look at it differently now .
When I think about these times , I think about how I could have enjoyed this experience more thoroughly if I had been more mature .

In conclusion , I would strongly argue that older people can enjoy just as much as young people do .
It is just a matter of defining your expectations from life , and having the ablity to understand your own happiness .
At the very beginning I would like to say that this topic aroused my interest and attracted my attention .
According to my experience in lfe .
I can safely say that trying new things is the mother of all inventions and discoveries .
Without this adventurous soul and risky aspect in our life , ther would not have been any progress or advancement .

It is taken for granted that everday in our life we should try new things but according to certain norns or terms which should be taken into consideration .
Vaulting ambition can be destructive .
The person should be practical and real while trying new things .
I am also of the opinion that one should consult those who are responsible for the matter of concern and ask for their advice .

No one can deny that the majority of successful people are luckier than timid , shy , coward and hesitant people and this is due to their courage and the initiative soul .
I believe that those people , Ihope to be one of them , deserve what they get at the end .

On the other hand those people whon are not adventurous keep stll as they are all the rest of their lives .
I think that all the famous scientists belong to the first category .
That is to as soon assay they once dared to try new things , they often got good results .
Finally they are rewarded by immortalising their names after death as well as in their lives .

Last but not least , I advise every one to take the risk if he wants to achieve success but in a reasonable way .
Not to be rash or impitiousbut to be serene in taking your decisions .
To conclude , I think that success is a direct result of braveness and app
In being succesful many conditions are important .
I will take as example the condition of being a good professor and researcher at the university .
You have to be competent and self confident in your topic , so you can use the proper knowledge and the necessary skills you need in order to respond to a critic during a public assesment or evaluation , or reach an objective such us fulfill a research project or preparing lectures for the classes .
This is often the reason why professors specialize in something : they choose a specific field , concentrate on particular aspects , start to study , work and reserach and they develop a deep competence in their specialized topic .
So , the usually prectice and teach at the university what they know better .

But sometimes , and this could be the condition of a relatively young reseacher , you might open to new fields that are related to your main topic of research but less known and explored .
This evenually could lead in gaining a completely new and innovative perspective on the same topic , and make him really succeful in the academic faculty .
So it 's always important to take in account risks and explorations in of thinghs we do n't already know because this can provide a great opportunity for new findings , for instance in scientific research , where new inventions and innovations have often been the result of a combination of conscious thougth , accident and of an exploration full of risks .
In taking risk anyway , it shoud be done with responsability and prudence : you have to be clear the objective , even if you do n't know the way to reach it , or in other words : even if the more convenient way is the direct one , since no sufficient and relevant findings have been derived from a previous research which followed this direction , you might change it with a more unusual one , at least sustable but maybe more effective .
In the scientfic method scientist often use this strategy called transitory pattern , which means explore the similar and then try to transfer and verify the new knowledge in you field .

So things for me work like that : to be succesfull you have to start with something you know very well , but only if you take some measured risks , you can make the difference which bing really you a step forward among the others .
I agree with the idea that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .
There are two reasons for that .
One reason is because I believe that broader knowledge makes me possible to interact with more diversified people and this will result in creating a new view or new perspective in my mind .
If I were someone who knows only chemistry and has no intimate knowledge of other academic fields , people with whom I can make friends would be only someone like me who is a glutton of chemistry .
I imagine this would not be salutary for myself , being aloof from the rest of the world .
In the contraty , if I had interest and knowledge about , for example , German literature as well , aside from the major in Chemistry , it would be possible for me to get acquainted with German people as well as to join a literature club .
In this way , I can broaden my friends network which enables me broaden my views .
This broad knowledge would also be favourable for childeren when we conduct education .
The children tend to ask us so many questions , this or that .
If we could not answer at all , it would be disastrous for their growth .

The other reason is a little bit more practical than the first one .
In my opinion , having wider knowledge makes us more advantageous during job-hunting activities .
This idea may not be applied if somebody wants to become an university faculty or scholar .
In this case , we are requred to have very specialized knowledge on one topic .
However , if you want to work in an organization , the personnel department checks whether we have diversified knowledge , so that we are such people who accept any kind of directions , which shows our flexible attitude .

From these two reasons , I think it is better to have a wide-ranged knowledge .
In my own personal opinion it is the younger people as opposed to older who tend to enjoy the experiances and occurances of life more frequently .
This most possibly happens because it is the experiances and occurances which are by far more enjoyable than those of an older person .
To my belief this is valid in most cases no matter what culture or circumstances the person is in .

By growing up i have realized that there are three essential things that change as time goes by .
The first and most obvious of these is responsability , the second is the availabilty of time and the third is the situations that we are put in .

As a person grows up it is forced into much more responsible actions .
For example a baby or a very young child would have no responsabilities if not only a few , while as the child emerges into his teens he will inevitably begin to feel the pressure of the responsability which needs to be taken in school and at home .
This becomes even worst when that teenagers finishes school and realizes that he is faced with very important life decisions such as what career to understake , and where to study .
After some time a family would obviously create more responsability , especially as one becomes a parent .

Also spare time begins to decrease as the years go by .
This is directly correlated to the the responsability which one begins to have less as the years pass .
At the very end of high school it becomes evident that it is no longer possible to sit for hours watching to tv due to the amount of work given during those last few years of school .
Or perhaps no longer possible to spend most of your spare time playing with your friends , which at one point in your life appears to be a must daily schedule .

The situations which we face also take a drastic change .
During high school I myself remember wishing each day that it should end as soon as possible .
Nonetheless as i finished i realized how entertaining high school actually was .
In most cases people as they get into college have to undertake a job , which most probably they dont enjoy at all , like myself .
It is hard to describe the frustration that arises in you when you realize you are sitting a pointless job for little money while the children outside are playing all day long .

Perhaps it is important to grow up .
One becomes wiser and much more experianced , this possibly allows people to view life in a different way , and appreciate certain moments more , unlike children who are unable to tolerate any sacrifice or difficult task they have to undertake .
In my case , i wish i had never grown up .
But that is just me .
Beeing an expert in many fields is very hard , nearly impossible .
Everyone has been confronded making the choice between having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects and specializing in one specific subject .

Knowing a little in many fields provides a lot of advantages .
First , beeing able to understand , even react , over a subject .
It can help to recognize the experts from the others .
Even if you want to be an expert , you know from where to start , where you could gather informations .
Knowing a few experts in the field could provides a lot of value .
For instance , let say you are a project manager dealing with a project involving differents academic subjects .
Covering all the subjects would be more helpful from beeing an expert in one specific subject because you could draw a general scheme of the whole system .
The project structure is a lot more valuable than beeing able to build one part of the system , you just need to hire a few experts to get it done .

One the other hand , beeing an expert in a specific field is great .
It can be easy to get hired from a company that really needs an expert with a high salery .
For instance , a few decade ago , Air France had made a system written in a specific programming language to handle all their client reservations .
A few years later , they needed to modify that program in emergency but nobody was able to program in that old language .
They finally found an expert but he asked a lot of money and he got it .

To conclude , you ca n't tell weather having a broad knowledge is better than to specialize in one specific subject .
It really depends on the work you want to do , the opportunities you will be given wo n't be the same .
Someone says that the art of advertising it 's the art to tranform something you usually do n't even think about into something not only desiderable , but indespensable to fulfill your intimate needs and desires .

Given that as an assumption , it 's easy to understand how ads ' experts make use of the finest and more sophisticated techniques to present their products and services to the general public of consumers .

It 's common sense that `` it 's the first impression that counts '' .
This is even more important when it comes to the market .
In particular when the average , not outstanding , characteristics of a product or of a service must face a competitive environment to gain market shares and to build long term trust by their customers .

This is why a `` little lie '' at first sight is necessary , most of times even accepted and comprehended by the customers , as it is in love affairs .
Techniques are uncountable and may vary significatively according to the category of product or specific item presented to the public .
One of the most used technique is to show a picture of the product which is far more attractive than the product itself .
Guess who has never been disappointed by the slimmy sandwich that comes out from a Mc Donald 's packaging comparing to the beautiful , inviting and gnammy picture that you can see behind the server while you are waiting in the line ?

Someone calls them `` sweet lies '' or `` innocent lies '' , that could be tolerated and accepted if we are still talking about sandwiches or candies but when it comes to products or services that can tremendously affect people 's life and health , then it comes the need for a more critical approach to the discussion .

In many countries , advertising agencies have developed over the year a code or a set of regulations to discipline the way advertising is conducted .
Even if these efforts are worthly of support I personally think that the consumers are the final judges and they will determine the success or the failure of a product also according to the gap between how it 's presented and how it really is .

They say `` lies sometimes are sweater than reality '' , probably it 's true but we all know that lies have short legs in the end .
It is often accepted that young people enjoy life more than older people but I quite disagree with this view as it is merely associated with the concept of having no responsibility .

Indeed , the ways young and older people enjoy life can be very different and it has nothing to do with having responsibilities or not .

As a matter of fact , young and older people have n't got access to the same activities as they often depend on your physical abilities .
The fact that younger people are , most of the time , healthier than older people means that , for example , young people could enjoy playing a soccer match whereas old people could not .
Moreover , it would be harder for a Senior to spend every night in clubs without sleeping .

Fortunately , enjoying life is not restricted to sport activities and older people could enjoy other aspects of life like building a family , creating business relationships , take part to the city or the country social or political life .
These kind of activities can definitely bring a lot of happiness and maybe more fulfilling than simply play tennis or spending nights in bars .

Another important aspect is that older people may value life more as they might have been in contact with death of relatives .
Therefore , they might even enjoy life more than younger people as they know their time is limited .
On the contrary , young people are not in direct contact with death and just do not realize what is at stake .
They might then just live life as it comes and not get the most of it .

As a conclusion , young people and older people can both enjoy life in different manners .
Happiness is not a question of age but of perspective and I am sure that anyone , young or old can enjoy life if they are ready for it .
A major feature in which we , the youth , differ from our predecessors , is in the amount of time we use in order to help our communities , which in some cases is none .
Multiple reasons are alleged , some say they lack of time whereas others accept they are to selfish to help others without a vested interest .

It is true that nowadays young people are always rushing to and fro , since due to the competitive world we live in , we have really tight schedules .
In addition to this , if you bear in mind a youth cannot afford most of the times to live close to our workplaces , you have to count with the commuting times .
For example I leave home at eight o'clock each morning and do n't come back until eleven in the night .

Sometimes it is not only a matter of time but of upbringing .
If a person has n't been taught to be generous , you ca n't expect from him or her to share his or her time for a certain task , eventhough when he or she understands it would benefit his or her community .
It is a fact that moral values are decreasing and that a solution has to be found .
I am perfectly aware of how difficult is to handle this problem , since my 15-year-old brother has plenty of time and although both me and my parents keep constantly encouraging him to do something for others , it has really no effect .

Fortunately , there is people whose work is mainly focused on providing those types of services to the community , but this should n't deter us from trying to improve ourselves , that 's it , to reschedule or find a bit of time during the weekend and to bear in mind that the next generation will behave accordingly to what we teach them .
There are many young and old people who are enjoying their lives in different ways .
However , there are people who believe that the only time to enjoy the life is with early years .

I disagree with this statement because I think that older people can enjoy there lives more than young people .
For example , I met and got to know some older people here in Canada after coming from my home country .
I found out that these older people have older bodies but their mains are still fresh .
They want to do many things that they were not able to do when they were younger .
As an illustration , Reg is 75 years old and he goes to The Florida every year to watch some sport that he enjoys .
Besides , he drives his car from Sarnia Ontario where his has his house to The Florida , it is a long trip still for young people but he is able .

By the same token , some older people have enough money to pay to enjoy their lives .
these people have worked hard all their life so after doing this for many years , they think about start doing something different life spend time traveling aroun the world .
in addition , these people want to spend more time with their families instead of spending time working .

Another fact about this topic is that older people can teach young people like me to enjoy the life .
I try to spend time with older people because They tell me about their experience trought their lives , for example I meet once a week with an older man who has a grat sent of humor .
I try to learn from him many thing that I can use in my life .

In conclusion , young people should try to follow the way how some older people spent their time many years ago .
These older people always have something to share or give in order for younger people to learn how to spend the time in a correct direction .
Besides , these older people do n't want young people to waste their time in activities that can spoil their life

I
I do n't agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I think the young people nowadays do n't seem to be giving enough time to help , only because the people who say that fail to correctly observe what the young people can do , and are doing to help .
They expect the help to be in a certain form , and they fail to see that the young people are giving help because the help of nowadays may not be in that form .

For an example , let 's say there is a child with a rare blood type .
This child has somehow lost a lot of blood , and need a large amount of transfusion .
But because he has such a rare blood type , him and his parents are having a hard time finding enough blood in the hospital , and need a living donor as soon as possible .
When young people of today find out that there is someone like this , they take actions to help using new means of action , for example , by posting an ad on their internet homepages , or sending out e-mails to all the people they know , to go and donate blood if any one who sees the ad has the same rare blood type .
If the child does find the right donor in time this way , I 'll say that this is a good way of giving time to help someone in the community .

What I want to say is that if the observers expect the help to be only in some physical form , such as going out to sweep the neighborhood , they wo n't be able to see this kind of help , and they will be apt to judge the young people to be not helping .

The world is rapidly changing .
If we observe the young people of nowadays using the standards that are decades old , they might appear to be not caring about their communities .
But if we give a moment to understand the world now , and to compare and see how different the lives of today and ten years ago are , we will be able to see that the young people of nowadays
Some nights ago I sat on my bed and tried to learn for a very important testpaper I should write the next day .
The subject was biology and so I tried just to learn the facts about the different processes in the human organism .
But as I wrote the testpaper the next day , I realised that this was no good idea .
I could write down what I had learned , but I did not understand anything .
All the different processes ...
I had really no clue , because I just knew some simple facts .

This has been an silly experience for me because I always did it like that .
But today I realised that this is not the way it should be .
I am in school to learn something .
I want to know and understand what my teacher is telling me .
Perhaps I would like to explain other students what I have learned or try to help them if they do not understand something .
But if i just learn some facts , that will not work .
Students should really understand some processes , ideas and concepts , because this is what stays in mind .
They should learn for their lifetime and not for a 10-minute-test in school .

Sure there are subjects where learning facts is the easiest way to get good marks .
Sometimes there is no logical princip for me which I can follow .
But i think this is not often in ones life .
In this situation it is definetly more important for them to learn some facts than to know nothing .

But because I am a student I know that it is most of the time possible to understand the ideas and concepts the teachers try to explain .
So my opinion is that many students are too lazy to learn concepts , therefore they learn some facts .
The problem is that they forget the facts after a little pause , while if I have understand the main idea I will always remain me at this .

Students are learning for their lifetime and they should learn effective .
What does it help someone if I know the facts of the processe of the photosynthesis for three days , but never realised what importance the photosynthesis has for the humanbeeing ?

I am definetly convinced that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
I do not think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
To my mind , the main reason for it is that older people have acquired a strong living experience .
Indeed , because they have lived longer than younger people , they have experimented more with different lifestyles and thus know which one is likely to give them the most enjoyment in life .

In addition , older people may have more time to spend ; younger people are likely to experience the stressful beginnings of work and education .
Thus they have more time to enjoy life : when one is busy working , one cannot spend time enjoying life .
In what ways then can older people manage their time in order to enjoy life more ?
Older people can fulfill their spiritual needs more easily as their thoughts are more trained .
This is why is may be easier when one is older to study serious matter and read more difficult books , and why it is so much more difficult for younger people to concentrate on hard subjects .
Put simply , the younger people tend to be more easily distracted by basic needs and so are more likely to be disturbed by them too .

For example , I could cite my grandfather who says that he has come to the best moment of his life because he can now enjoy his present life more than any time before by reading and reflecting on his experience .
Hence my idea that younger people may have more physical energy than older people , but older people have equally or more mental energy .

Thus , older people enjoy more life than younger people do because the former knows how to employ it 's time to enjoy life best on the contrary of the latter which does n't .
In my experience I have learned that having a broad knowledge of everything is much better than only just focusing in one specific subject .
When you are having a group conversation if you do n't know anything about the topic at hand you will be seen as a person without any kind of knowledge .
On the other hand , if the topic that is being discussed is your topic of specialization there will be an advantedge between you and the rest of the group .
Unfourtunately , conversation topics change a lot so the situation mentioned above will rarely happen .

I am someone who knows a lot about a lot of things , this gives me an advantedge above other people because it may give me a really good appearence .
Since apparences are vey important in modern day society having a broad knowledge is of great importance .
One example of this sort of situation can be ; if I 'm applying to a university or a job , my interviewer will not ask me questions about one topic in particular .
He will interrogate me about a series of different topics , because , in general , people want people who know about anything and everything .

In a way , society oblies you to know at least a little bit about everything .
What is the point of high school ?
High school is a phase before the university in which you are supposed to gain a wide knowledge that helps as a base for your superior studies .
Everytime you turn on the television you learn something , when you see channels , live Discovery , that specialize on documentaries on a huge variety of topics , when you read a book or magazine .
Society imposes knowledge and one should be happy to accept it and use it when ever it is oportune .
In my opinion , and based on my own experiences , I beleive that the more you know the better .
In my opinion it is better to have specialized knowledge in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academec subjects .
A person having a broad and superficial knowledge of many academic subjects is like a jack of all trades but master of none .
Such a person cannot do justice to any of the academic subjects .

Like for example no patient will like his brain to be operated upon by a general physician rather than by a neuro-surgeon .
Similarly a teacher teaching a variety of subjects cannot do justice to students of a specific stream .
He might be aware of all the subjects he is teaching but he might not be well equipped to satisfy the queries of a student regarding the specifications of a topic .

It is advised to have an overall knowledge of various subjects and be aware of all the things which is why we as a student study a variety of subjects at school level .
But then it is even more important to give a direction to the course of our studies by pursuing further education in a field of our interest so that we do proper justice to our studies .
A student might not be as interested in studying literature as he might be in engineering sciences or vice-versa .
So it is kind of unfair to make him study subjects that do not interest him which ultimately leads to his securing poor grades in those subjects .

One may very well argue that a student may be interested in more than one subject and may want to pursue his further studies in both .
In that case , now-a-days there are many combinations of subjects available which help us in understanding the inter relationship of different subjects with each other .
For instance , the application of engineering sciences in medical stream is one of the most studied combination .

By the time a student completes his schooling he is in a condition to make up his mind and decide his areas of interest .
So giving him a choice then to choose his preferred stream will help him perform well and hence will lead to his motivation and satisfaction .
Moreover , there are numerous fields which require exhaustive research and study for their proper understanding and appreciation .
A student whose faculty are being used in a variety of subjects will not be able to find enough time and resources to utilise in all the fields .
Hence he might not be able to appreciate the nuances of a subject as well as he could have when studying that subject in detail .

In view of the above arguments i believe that it is better to specialize in one specific subject than to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I agree with the statement that `` It 's more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
Basically many people do not know the facts of certain reason or somthing else .
They agree with the facts only when some others have strong reason to prove it .
But if they are familiar with the concepts and ideas they can think of the and they can decide of it whether it is correct or wrong .

Consider the following example to prove my statement .
In the earlier days when technology was not in the advanced state many people thought earth to be a flat surface and they followed it for a long time .
But later on when a scientist discovered that earth was in spherical in shape the whole world was against him .
He tried to prove it by certain laws and principles .
But the people in those days were not able to understand his ideas and concepts .
So , they argued with him and did not agree with his statement .
Later on when people began to understand his ideas and concepts agreed with him .

Another example is consider the subjects like mathematics or physics .
If the student does not know the concept of the subject or does n't have an idea in it , he will not be to understand anything in it .

suppose in physics we try to prove many facts using certain laws and concepts .
the student should understand the concept to know the fact of that law .
Now a days many students are familar with the ideas and concepts .
So , they try to obtain the fact from tere own concept and knowledge .
Nobody are required for the to prove the fact for them .

So instood of trying to prove the fact for the students make them to know concept and idea of the fact .
So , that they can understand the fact by themshelves without proving for them .

So , if students understand ideas and concepts than knowing the actual fact , they can only conclude of the fact without others tring to prove the fact for them
Success is not about `` How you do things '' but it is about `` How do you do things different from others '' .
I completly agree to this phrase , successful people are the one who do things in a different manner , and who are more creative and accept changes .
Success counts on your ability to create something different and therefore , I feel successful people always search for new ideas and new methods of presenting them to people .

Let me speak about a successful person , Mr. Bill gates , every single person on this earth has heard this name .
He was the one who contributed in creating the best way to use computer and made learning computer and using them so easy .
He was a known person and he became successful for one main reason `` he acheived it first '' .
The idea that he had for being successful could have been used by someone else and this would have not given him that fame nor the credit , because he was the first person to invent and start the new technology he was so well known .

It is important to be creative and to do things different from others for being successful but also the time that you use to achieve your goals is important .
This is the main reason people prefer taking risk in whatever they do and this helps them to grow better and faster as a professional and also a human being .
Doing things that has already been discovered will not make you successfull as you will just be following the successfull person .

People who feel secured in their comfort zone wont try to do things new as they are scared of the failure they might come across and they will do things only if someone before them had tried and knows that it works without any problems or risks .
People with different attitude towards life but the same qualification work as collegues , but some grow faster some stay where they are due to the factor of taking risk and trying to do things better than others .

Thats one of the reason being successful is difficult , as it requires you to use your brain and work towards achieving the goals that you have set within a particular span of time , rather then sitting and waiting for someone else to do it for you .
Happiness and enjoyment is a perception and has no relation with age .
I donot agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

When a man is young , he has to make a career and has a lot of responsibilities on his shoulders .
Though he is more physically active , but he may not have the resources to enjoy the way he wants .
His social and personal obligations would keep him occupied all the time .
On the other hand a person who has the time and resources and has got the maturity to understand his needs , can live a happier life .
He knows what would give him pleasure and would not merely experiment with things .
He knows the value of time and money and would utilize it more effeciently .

Enjoyment is not just going to night clubs or do adventure sports .
A person can enjoy a stroll in th park or a sun tan on the beach .
But for enjoyment you need a relaxed mind .
A mind free of tensions and anxieties .
I see more older men , who have achieved their goals enjoying life than their younger counterparts .

I went for a cruise this year end with my parents and girlfrend .
There were people from all walks of life and different generations on the ship .
People were enjoying their heart out but to my surprise it was the older people who were looking happier .
There was a newly married couple who were on their honeymoon and had a room next to me .
I could listen to their fights every night .
There was another couple who didnot have much time to talk as the guy was always busy on his laptop and the cellphone .
Majority of the young people did not look happy and satisfied .
They had goals to be achieved .
They didnot have time to sit back and enjoy their accomplishments .
They had worries which could not leave them even on a vacation .
A person who cannot maintain a balance between his personal and professional life cannot enjoy life .
Therefore , I feel an older person can enjoy life more than a young person does .
I used to think that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects gives people a widen point of view _that is to say a better one , as I thought_ on contemporary issues but I 've changed my mind .
In fact , I realised for many reasons that having this broad knowledge is unuseful to tackle real issues .

To tackle an issue , you do have to have a broad knowledge , but a broad specific knowledge on this subject .
You indeed need to have a very precise and accurate knowledge on this issue to understand the other issues it raises and to point out the consequences .

This specific knowledge is in fact necessary to provide a serious work , to challenge the society and the governement for instance and to give solutions .
Research in economic policies is a good example : it needs a very accurate knowledge in economics to tackle real issues such as unemployement and to try to find solution to improve the situation .

But we have to notice that this needs an interest in other academic subjects and other issues in order to be aware of the complexity of such an issue and of its consequences .
Let 's talk about unemployement , the economist has to be aware of social consequences of unemployement because it is necesary to give good solutions and improve the situation .

To conclude , I want to underline the importance of a multi-academic subjects learning during the studies before specialisation , because the two of them are complementare .
Knowledge is something so much important for the humankind .
Some people agree that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subjects is the right thing to do and some of them think the opposite .
I agree with the opposite , I would rather specialize in one specific subject .
These are my following reasons .

First of all , your knowledge will be strong .
After specializing on one specific subject , you are going to have so much information only about this .
Nonetheless , other people who have information about so many things will never be an expert on the subject .
They could have opinions , however unlike you , they wont have strong ideas and enough supporting information .
Being an expert on one thing gives the person so much power about that subject which can be used to convince someone easily .
People will count on your strong ideas .

Secondly , the knowledge will last long time .
People who have knowledge about so many things will forget their information in time .
Nevertheless , specializing on one idea will make our information last long time .
They will never be forgotten .
For example , someone who spent whole his life on one thing will never ever forget that subject because after some time it is becoming one of his part , on the contrast , someone trying to learn about everything will forget what he learns soon , because he cant keep that all in my mind .

The last but not least , being an expert on one specific subject will lead us to success .
For instance , i was quite good at maths in the high school , i was also good at chemistry .
However , when i was going to university i had to choose one of them because in no place on earth , they are letting you to specialize in more then one specific subject in universities .
You have to choose one of them in order to lead to success .
Noone can be professor of so many things .
You can be a professor of one major subject .
Therefore , it is so much important to have great ideas on one major subject .
Also the basketball players can not play ball and study at the same time .
For leading to success they have to choose one thing and specialize on that .

To sum up , i want to say that specializing in one specific subject is so much important rather than having knowledge on so many things .
Because , knowledge on one thing will be strong , last long time and lead us to success which is required by everyone .
I completely agree with the statement because what I personally believe is that in order to succeed , one has to keep on trying new things , explore the maximum one can in his/her domain and take measured risks .
Doing what one already knows certainly does not make the person successfull at all .

If a person keeps on doing what he or she already knows , a time comes when that person becomes bored and frustrated and calls for a change .
Moreover if he or she gets used to it , then they might have problems in migration .
Exploring new avenues is really the best way to succeed as this is the only way a person can compare the statistics of what he or she is doing over times with what has been done now .
Furthurmore , trying out new things helps in building up things and keeping the spirits and energy levels high as at each moment you are watching something new happening at your end .
Would like to mention about Late Kalpana Chawla , an artronaut , who used to work with NASA .
She is an inspiration for the people who want to succeed in life .
She was one of the crew members onboard Columbia which crashed a couple of years back .
The crew was supposed to perform 38 predetermined experiments , Kalpana was the only one onboared who took the initiative of performing some more research in biologocal environment , genetics , etc. and even after her death her work has been appreaciated .

Bill Gates , I 'm sure that everyone knows him .
He had a tendency to try out new things what others might not even think of .
His business involved so much of risk that a couple of big failures might have led him nowhere .
But still he kept going and today according to me he is the most successful person just because he tried out new things in his life and also he is probably the person who has had an enormous risk taking capacity .

Even if you fail while taking risks , you still would learn something new that would help you in developing an instinct that wouls be very helpful for you to be on the top of the world .
Just keep your spirits high .
Different generations have different views of life and each person has his own way to enjoy his life .
I believe that life could be enjoyable by everyone who wants to enjoy it .
It is not necessary that a young person enjoys his life more than an old one .

It is commonly known that youngsters have the enthusiasm to lead a happy life , free from dependence on some social mores that they see in some cases as a resriction over their wants .
And it is also commonly known that old people are very `` self-contained '' ; they lack the enthusiasm and the effervesence that youngsters have .
In my opinion , those views are fuzzy because I personally know many old people who know well how to enjoy their life , and my grandfather is the best example .
When looking at his face , one can see that he is full of life like a kid .
also , when examining his behavior , one can infer that he is more tended to enjoy his life regardless of his age for instance , he travels several times a year to every corner of the world trying to explore different places , different cultures , and different people this is why he have numerous friends of diffrent ages and different genders from several countries .
Conversely , I have a good example of a young person who has no concern in enjoying life , he is my neighbor , he views that he is `` born to die '' . with holding such philosophy , he has no special interests or means of distractions and entertainment , he does not have any pleasure when doing things .

To recapitulate , I believe the fact of enjoying life does not merely depend on a specific generation or on one 's age , but rather on one 's will and one 's wants to benefit as much as possible from his life .
hence , enjoying one 's life is mostly a matter of perspective from which we perceive things .
I agree with the idea that most advertisements make products seem mech better than they really are .
And I think this a natural behaviour for the advertisement business .
In order to understand that , we should ask the question `` why do companies advertise ? ''
.

Advertisement is a tool to increase the profits of a company through the increase of production , which also means that the increase in sales .
Today , lots of companies use advertisements and advertisement is a vital tool for companies .
However , only a few of them really care about whether the advertisements are true .
For that reason , advertisement is known as the art of lying in order to sell .

Advertisements can be seen everywhere , on the bus , at school , etc .
There is no way for a modern person to escape it .
So it a suitable tool for companies to introduce their products .
However , this introduction sometimes includes wrong informations about their products .
For example , a company can make people believe that its products are protective to sun eventhough scientists claim the failure of products strongly .
The public forgets what the scientists say in a few days .
And they are left with the advertisement that tells them to use the u.v. protective products of that company .
As you can see , the advertisement is succesful as it can make people buy that thing but it is misleading .

Besides its bad or unethical usage , advertisements can help people in some ways .
If they are really used for their mentioned purpoes of introducing new products , they acknowledge the customer .
So , the customer will be able to learn the properties of the product and will have an opprtunity to compare different types .
By that way , he can buy a better product for a better price .
This is the ethical and expected use of advertisements .
However the real life is not that smooth .

To sum up , it can be stated that the unethical use of advetiesments cause misleading of people .
However , companies dont care that point as its importantance is related to their profits for them .
However , the ethical use of that tool can help customers in many ways .
I like traveling and I have traveled many times in my life .
From my experiences , although I understand the merits of traveling alone , I agree with the statement : The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Especially I do when the visiting place is unfamiliar to me and the period is within a week .
There are three reasons for that .

Firstly , traveling in a group led by a tour guide is much safer than traveling alone .
When the place is unfamiliar to you , it is very dangerous and troublesome .
If you traveling alone , you should take all the responsibility for what you do ; eat , walk aroud , buy tickets , get a loss , transfer .
However , the tour guide can solve almost all of the problems and sometimes the member of the group also can help you .
When I was traveling Europe last year in a group , I caught a cold and a member of the group gave me medicine at that time .

Secondly , traveling in a group is cheaper than traveling alone .
For example , the cost of transportation or entrance fee for museums are discounted in a group .

Thirdly , traveling in a group provide chances to get close each other in the group and that is a lot of fun .
But I have an experience that some people quarreled and battled in a group tour which I belonged to .
And I think that possible happens when the travel continues more than a week .
Therefore I added the premise that the travel ` within a week ' .

Accordingly , I think the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide especially when I visit unfamiliar place within a week .
Cars are primarily a means of transport .
I reckon that the number of cars being used in the next twenty years will decrease .
Car manufacturers might not show their anxiousness and current sales trends might not show it but other ominous signs are on the horizon .
Things like population expansion , price of petroleum , low availability of road space and newer technologies will come into the picture .

Firstly , the population of the world is rapidly increasing .
As developing countries like China and India continue to prosper .
Their birthrates will most likely follow the same trend .
But , not everyone will be able to buy a car , in fact the birthrate in poorer populations have been found to be much greater than richer ones .
Governments will shift policies to facilitate mass commute and stymie the increase in cars ..
High taxes for owning more than two cars are already in place in many cities with large populations .

Also , it is common knowledge that our petroleum resources will deplete in around two decades .
Newer fuel technologies like fuel cells will come into the picture .
But these technologies are not expected to mature both technologically and economically in twenty years time time .
People have already started going to work in carpools , buses and subways , this way they save money on the already sky high petrol prices .
Imagine , what the prices will be 10 years down the line , let alone 20 years .

The last point that I would like to make is that cars mostly run on big city roads .
Most of these cities are around 100 years old .
They were not built to handle enormous numbers of cars .
Even after much reconstruction the road space availibilty is not expected to be increase much further .
Congestion is a day to day problem faced by all cities .
People have even started proposing flying cars and have built some prototypes for the same .
Which all implies that if there is'nt any roadspace left , there might not be newer cars being bought to ply on them .

In conlcusion , I 'd like to say that I would much rather put my money on public transport than cars as being the means for transportation in the future .
Government policies , rising gas prices , road congestion and population expantion all seem to point toward a decrease in the number of cars , however flying machines might be in vogue .
After twenty years , it just might be a novelty to go out for a picnic in your family sedan over the weekend .
I do agree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
The first reason is because you could know exactly what is your schedule about time and places .
It is important because I could obtain , before the trip , some information which will help me during my tour .
For example , if a tour goes through a few museums , I could have information related to artists , paintings and sculptures .
It will help me to understand in a better way what things I am discovering and looking at .
Furthermore I will have a foundation to ask some questions for achieving a deep comprehension .

Another reason to take a tour is I could take advantage of the trip moment by moment .
It permits me to know more new things and cities into a short periods of time .
Therefore I will not miss any detail of a tour .

Besides to travel into a group led by a tour is more confortable because I will not be worried of certain facts , as for example : Booking hotels , arranging travel tickets , looking for the best transportation ways , contracts , among others .

The last reason , and maybe the most important for me , is that this kind of trip allows me to meet other people with the same interests such as to discover new cultures , to admire beautiful cities and countries , and to increase our general knowledge about the world .
Furthermore I cou A tour guide has a special preparation of several subjects and if we have a question , we will have always his support during the trip .

These are important reasons to support why I do not like travel by myself and how much I could enjoy a trip by sharing my time with other people without to be stressed by certain things which could be in the proffesional people 's hands .
` Young people enjoy life more than older people do'

To answer this question i would like to first illustrate what is enjoyment ?
Everybody has different modes and ways to enjoy life .
Or when can a person enjoy ?
To enjoy everymoment in life one has to be without tension and be confident about yourself .
Now if we compare between young and old people in terms of the points given above .

First one is `` TENSION '' ?
Normally old people have lot of tensions like marriage of his daugther which is very common in Indian society , then they have tensions about their life after retirement ; whether children will take care or no etc ..
Now if we compare the same thing in the life of young people then we see that their tensions are not so severe , they do have tensions about career and other minor problems and even if the problems are severe they have the energy and confidence that they have more time to handle but old people have time constraint .
It is true that young also has time constraint but it is not prevalent since people believe to die old not young .

It may be true that one can enjoy life being at home but one may get bored being at one place .
Young people have lot of options for enjoyment since they have lot of energy and enthusiasm to be adventrous so they can go anywhere like trekking , swimming , moving around in the town , flirtting etc ...
But old ones have less choice since their age and energy level acts as a major obstracle .
Even if they want to go somewhere they will not be allowed to go alone since they will be stopped by their children , daughter-in-law etc. and they need to have somebody with them and it may not be very practical since young people dont like going out with old people .

I enjoy every moment of my life but when compared to my father and mother they do not since they are burdened with lot of tensions .
Thus I truly believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I think the topic of having enough time to help communities when you are young is complex and controversial .
While some people argue that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities , I think , however , that young people do give a tremendous amount of time their communities .
My position is based on several reasons .

First of all , young people who are growing up in a community have already tight connections to several members of the community .
For instance , I grew up in a relatively small community .
My grandparents and parents have already taken over responsibilities in the community .
So , it became natural to me to be part of this community , to learn from adults on how to interact in a community , whom to ask for help .
For example , when I was fifteen I asked one member who was the librarian of our community , if I can work in the library to earn some money .
So I already was part of the community when I was a teenager and invested my time , although this was rewarded .

Secondly , I increased my time spending on helping our community after I experienced that being part of the community is also beneficial in situations where you need good friends .
For instance , as my grandfather died , our whole family got support from our community .
Although this was more a kind of emotional support is was really helpful to know that other people do take care of my familiy and me .

This experience motivated me to further take over responsibilities in the community .
Even if the impact of these responsibilities sometimes seems to be small , people perceive them as helpful .
For example I used to buy bread for our old neighbour on Sundays .
Seeing me on Sundays was a highlight of her lonely day .

Furthermore , all my friends at my age are in some manner connected with our community .
They are also working in their leisure time for the community .
We are a kind of big family and everyone takes care of each other .

Nevertheless , some people might object that young people tend to sit in front of their computers or to have parties all the time .
But from my experience I can say that my friends do also use their computers , we do have parties , but we also include our charity work in the community in our daily routine .

In conclusion , based on my experiences and background I am convinced that at least a lot of young people nowadays give a huge amount of time to helping their communities , thus improving the live of other community members .
When taking a trip , there are many ways to go about it but there is for all , one escential requirement that will ensure a successfull journey , and that is : to plan ahead the details of such a voyage .
When planning for a trip a very debateable topic is wether or not to go with a guided group or by your self ; there are many options , pros and cons , risks and perks , etc. but it all basically boils down to a sum of critical characteristics of your trip like : where are you going ? , have you been there before ? , who are you traveling with ?
and so on .

Probably one of the most important items is to decide wether or not to go in a group with a tour guide , this is very important since it can set the baseline for your trip .

Some people like to travel always with a group along with a guide because it is much more comfortable in a situation where you dont know the territory , the speaking leanguage is not the same as yours , when you dont want to drive , when you are traveling alone , when you dont feel like having the responsability of having to make a lot of choices and just want to follow the herd or simply because you found a really pricy deal that just ca n't be beat .

On the other hand some people prefer to be their on tour guide and explore the world by themselves , this is fun and adventurous and it has also a other advantages , like : freedom of movement and/or settling , but on the other hand , this is generally more expensive and you can run into delays or problems , specially if it is the first time that visite a place or if you dont have a good plan already laid out .
But all in all it can turn on a great adventure if you always have a positive attitude .

In conclusion I personnaly think the best way to travel is not with a guided group ( unless I am traveling by myself ) , this because I like to have the liberty of moving around and going to places that I find attractive in situ , many times I dont realize what I really like of my destiny until I get there so I like to have the liberty to change at will , I think the important think is to p
I have a opposite opinion to the idea that after twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I have three main reasons for my opinion .

First , cars are convinient than other vehicles such as airplanes and bikes .
It is true that airplanes could travel faster than cars but it is not a vehicle that everyone could easily operate .
In addition , I think more people are going to use cars replacing bikes .
For example , when I was in hurry to school , I had to ride my bike since I did not have a car .
It took me long time and I was late , so I have always hoped to have a car since then .
Other example is that when I took a train to go to the concert hall in suburb area , because it was rush hour , I had to be in overcrowded train .
I did not feel good being smashed with lots of people .
Furthermoer , I had to walk to that concert from the train station because there were not any public transportation near that concert hall .
This experience made me think that cars are more confortable and convenient than any other transportations .

Second , new technologies have made cars improve .
Some people argues that cars pollute air .
However , since the technologies have developled electronic cars , it will not be bad for the environment .
For example .
I went to one town in Switzerland , where only electronic cars were allowed .
Not only cars but public buses and trains were running by electricity .
Not until I found the electronic cars did I think that cars are not going to give bad effects in environment .

Finally , the price of the car will certainly go done .
It is much cheaper to buy a car than in the past .
This means that it would be easier for people to purchase a car .
For example , if the car price goes down , people in developing countries would be able to buy cars .
Because the climate is bad in most of those countries , people would be happy to ride on a car rather than to walk on hot desserts .

For the reasons above , I am convinced that more people are going to use cars in twenty years .
Although it might seems that younger people enjoy life more than older people do , one need to be careful before making such assumption .

Young people certainly for the most part seem to be more extroverted about the ways they pursue experiencing , and having fun .
Perhaps this is the reason why the market is loaded with a plethora of outlets for them to consume and experience `` joy '' or better said `` fun '' .
Nowdays as technology advances there seems to be a never ending industry aimed to providing entertainement for young folks .
This explosion of gadgets and toys certainly can be distracting to the not-so analytical eye and might lead to believe what the statement says .

However , I consider that older people enjoy life as much , if not more than young people because they have reached the maturity for doing so in a more simpler ways ; and because they might have mastered the basic elements that conceive the art of enjoyment at its purest essence .
Certainly the joys of older people tend for the most part to manifest differently from those of the younger crowd .
And therfore being unperceptible to the young and inexperienced eye .
One of the reasons is simply because older people did experience similar `` joys '' when they were young and do not need them anymore .
The other reason is because they might make `` less noise '' about the ways they enjoy life .

Some may say that when older folks were young they did not have all the technological toys that are present today in the market and therefore they could not enjoy life as young people do today .
Certainly , Play Stations , DVD , and MP3 were not around 20 years ago , however , technology such as radio , television , record players , and more that are taken for granted today , were inovative technological `` toys '' thirty and fifty years ago that provided plenty opportunities for the youth of that time to enjoy life .

Certainly , it is much easier to travel today than it was fifty years before , but then most people did not think of it as a way of enjoying life .

One can even go further and try to think about non-western societies where electronic gadgets are not part of everyday life .
There too , young people tend to enjoy life differently than older folks .
Young men might go hunting and young girls might be involved in weaving while elders do n't do these activities anymore .
Perhaps there the difference might be that more often than in our societies , both young and old people gather together to enjoy for instance story telling sessions , where the elders are the main providers of fun and the youngers ones become apprentices of the ways they will enjoy life later on .
Many people say that a student 's main job is to learn facts-sometimes by heart .
It is true that if a student does not learn his lesson he wo n't be able to understand his next class or get a good grade on his test .
But is learning everything ?
Is it enough to fully succeed as a student .
Can a math-student pass his exams only by learning his theoremes , definitions and demonstrations ?

Learning is the basis for a student .
One time , I had so much work to do and papers to hand out that I did not learn my lesson for the next class .
And I was lost the next period !
This experience enabled me to realize how concentrated you are and how well you understand the next class when you learn facts .
When you learn something you make an effort and then ask yourself questions about a fact if you ca n't fully understand it .
But some people learn their lessons in a mechanical way and I disagree with this type of organization .

When students learn by heart only their short-term memory is working which means they only remember things for a short time-period .
When I learn my maths-definitions I repeat them to myself but try to understand them .
This theory works because I have observed that when I do n't fully understand a definition I do not remember it in the long term .
When you understand or try to understand a lesson you ask yourself questions about the topic which makes you want to know more and helps you develop extra-skills .
Students who want to understand ideas and concepts ca n't be inaccurate in their work and develop organization and clarity skills .

In conclusion we are faced with the fact that both learning and understanding are useful methods for a students .
To be totally efficient a student has to learn and understand .
When we have an intention to go travelling , we will very often look for travel agencies where the staff there can prvide us with the necessary information .
Another advantage is that if the travel agencies will provide us with a tour guide during our journeys .
The tour guides are able to tell us the history of the place and the informtion about the scenic spots .
However , I believe that the best way to travel is not travelling in a group led by a tour guide , but travelling individually .
There are several advantages .

Firstly , we will seek for information about different places ourselves .
Through the researh work , we have a better knowledge about the places and this will enrich our knowledge .
After that , we can make rational decisions based on our own will .
On the other hand , if we consult travel agencies , we will be greatly influenced by their opinions and this will hinder our decision-making .
Since the travel agencies are profit-making organizations and their common objective is profit maximization , they may not really provide good advice for us .

Secondly , we can choose the destination according to our own will .
For instance , if we enjoy watching natural sceneries , we will look for a place where there are abundance of beautiful and fatastic sceneries .
However , if we are led by a tour guide , we cannot go to everywhere we want because we have to follow the planned schedules which are designed for all the customers and are not particularly designed for us .
Travelling individually can enable us to schedule our own time during the trips .

Thirdly , since we have made research before the trips , we can go to the places we want and to explore the places .
We will get great satisfaction if we find something interesting there becaue it is discovered by ourselves .
Thus , this will create eternal memories in our minds .
If we are led by tour guides , we may be bound to stay at an uniteresting place for a long time .
Consequetly , we will lose the real meaning of travelling , that is , relaxation and entertainment .
Some people thinks that courses taught in universities are too theoreticals and should be more based on facts instead of general ideas and concepts .
I strongry disagee with this opinion for several reasons .

The first reason why I think that ideas and concepts are more important for student than simply learning facts is that you can always learn facts by yourself .
Actually , you do n't even need to be a student in a classroom to learn them .
Indeed , most fact are just data that can be memorized with no or little understanding .
But what really matters is the the underlying cause of a fact , even if it is very general .
For example , a fact in finance is : `` you should diversify your portfolio in order to lower your risk '' .
But what is really important behind this fact is to understand how the risk can be evaluated , and what are the main factors that make diversification an efficient investment strategy .
If you do n't understand the concept , you might still be able to learn the facts , but it always will be a limited basic understanding .

Secondly , ideas and concepts will eventually help you to understand the facts and therefore are more important .
For example , you may be able to memorize the list of all the presidents of the United States , but is n't the idea of creating a democracy in America more important than a list of name ?
Students do n't have to become factbooks or encyclopedias but should be able to understand the facts based on the concepts and ideas that they have understood in class .
It is a deeper knowledge and probably more general but it is also a key to deal with new situations .

In conclusion , the role of a university is to make students become responsible persons able to think by themselves and to give them keys to better learn and understand facts : ideas and concepts .
Whether the amount of cars will be smaller in twenty years time is almsost unpredictable .
The reason is that such matters highly depend on the political and socio-cultural mood of the time .
The answer also shifts according to the part of the world one is talking about .
The numbers of cars might fluctuate in completely different ways depending upon whether one is talking about developed or developing countries .
This essay therefore take different turns depending on the different scenarios and countries that are being discusses and based on the knowledge of facts available today .

I will now concentrate on the developed countries such as the United Kingdom or the United States .
Within the next twenty years , or even within the next decade , it will be impossible to deny the strength of the arguments that the environmental lobby and personalities such as Al Gore have been putting forward .
I believe it is slowly becoming clearer that the enromous amounts of greenhouse gasses found in the atmosphere are largely caused by human actions and will have potentially disastrous effects on the environment .
I believe that there will come a time when cars will not run on petroleum anymore , but on alternative energy .
That might not reduce the number of cars , but it will reduce the effect that cars have on the environment .
Another possibility , is that states will invest more in public transportation .
If that were the case , the amount of cars might reduce by a good amount .

The amount of cars in developing and thirld world countries such as most countries in Africa , will hopefully and in my opinion be higher in twenty years time .
It is my belief that a substantial car industry and a high amount of cars per family are indications of flourishing economies .
The ratio of cars per family is much higher in developed countries than in developing ones .
Thus if thirld world coutnries manage to get a grip on their economy and safety , the number of cars are likely to raise .
There can be found several reasons to think that younger people enjoy life mor ethan young ones as well as to proof the opposite .
However it is fianlly up to the individual environment a person is born into as well as his personal approach towards life .

Young people , provided that they grow up in an intact environment generally enjoy their lives because they are not burdened with the sorrows , experiences and responsibilities older people have .
They do not have to bother about money or looking after a family , nor are they usually held liable for the ( wrong or stupid ) things they do .

In contrast , a grown up has lots of resonsibilities and things to worry about , which might leave him less time to enjoy life .

Having said that , it is a fact that older people , who have left their family and started to work and becoem responsible for their own life have more ( economic ) freedom in what they want to do .
They might have the money to fulfill their dreams and therefore enjoy their lives more than somebody dependant on his parents to sponsor them .

Children usually have to obey their parents and usually are limited in the way they live their lives

In normal circumstances kids will have a lot of spare time .
Consider the long summer and winter holidays and the afternoons left to their own use after homework is done .
In adult life work or other responsibilities as family will ake most a persons daytime and leave less time for leisure .
However , after retirement older people may have again more time available and therefore do things they enjoy .

In general young people will be healthier and fitter than older people .
Older people tend to hav emonir or even mor serious health problems keeping them from doing whatever they wish to do .

Depending on their mentality some older people value the positiv esides of life even more when they are old , because they know how hard life can be .
This is something young people lacking experience will not be able to .

There are a lot arguments in favor of young people enjoing their lives mor than older ones and there are several ones which support the idea that older people tend to enjoy life more .
In my opinion this question is decided mainly on the given environment of a person and his personal approach to joy .
Some people might say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide who has a lot of knowledge of a place where travers visit .
However , I have to say that travel in a group with a tour guide is not the best way .
There are two reasons to support my oppinion .

Firstly , if you visit some place for the trip with a tour guide and other travelers , your action may be limited .
For example , when I went to Las Vegas last summer in a group led by a guide , I could not do all things that I really wanted to do .
I choosed Las Vegas for the trip because I wanted to enjoy casino like poker , black jack and kino !
Yet , the tour guide recommended that we in the group should visit Lake of Las Vegas , watch the show , and enjoy the fancy restrant .
As a result we did all things that he recommended .
I should have visited there and enjoyed casino again and again .
Also , I had to wake up early to go to the Lake , although I wannted to sleep until noon .

Secondly , traveling alone is really interisting .
For instance , you may have a chance to get some foreign friends where you visit for the trip , if you travel alone .
One example of this is that when I went to Israel alone to visit dead sea I made many friends of Israel .
Furthermore , I learned history of interaction between Israel and my country Japan by talking wih them .
They taught me that during World War 2 one Jananese helped many Israeli people from german government , thereby , Istraeli people like Japanese people .
This experience was really nice .

Therefore , as I mentioned above , I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group le by a tour guide .
I think that traveling alone is more interesting than that in a group with guide .
Cars are the major means of transportation in most of the developed countries of the world .
This is the result of the advancement in the technology and the efficiency of the cars .
In the developing countries trains , busses are the primary means of transport within the country .

With the increase in the population the number of cars on the roads has increased .
This has caused a lot of trafic issues .
The rising gas prices has also added to the existing car population on the roads .
The number of accidents on roads has increased enormously out of proportions .
Nowadays there are potential life threatening situations travelling by car than any other means .
More people are delayed to work because of the increasing trafic even on the highways .
Some are unfortunate enough to miss even their interviews .
So most people think that there will be fewer cars in use than ther e is today .
I personally think that it is true .

Though there are plenty of reasons to say no to cars , it has its own advantages .
We do n't have to wait in long hours after missing a bus , train or a plane either .
The car journey is more comfortable .
We can take breaks in the rest areas and relax ourselves during a journey .
Sometimes we even donot feel the journey 's tiredness .
Its also less expensive .
We will be able to manage our kids more easily in cars than on busses .
With the help of modern technology we can make them watch their favourite cartoons or movies during a car travel .

When I consider the advantages of cars I get confused about my opinion .
I think that people are facing my present situation of using cars as their future means of transport .
But with the rising gas prices and trafic congestion my opinion is to choose bus over cars .
Hence I conclude that there might be fewer cars than today after twenty years .
It is important to have a good background and have a broad knowledge but there is a point when specializing in one specific subject is needed .

There is no doubt that a proffessional needs a broad knowldege of many diffferents subjects to build a strong background .
For example a petroleum engineer , like me , must take a lot of subjects which could appearently not be related to what a petroleum engineer needs to learn in order explore , exploit or process oil .
Such is the case of subjects like learning techniques , computer programming or environmental education but those subjects definetely help on the way you learn the specialized subjects as in learning techniques , or how a program can be used to solve a problem on computer programing or even how to prevent an environmental impact during any stage of oil process .

Although all those subjects mentioned before and others , can give an engineer a good background , after that point an engineer must specialized to focus the atention on a major in wich , as I can see , the more work an attention you pay on the more you will be able to succed on .
Continuing with the example , on petroleum engineering , there are three major specifique branches : reservoir , drilling and production , acording to wich the attention will be focussed on find and characterize the location of the place where the hydrocarbon is , to create the conditions to bring the oil to the surface or to handle it when it has reached the surface respectively .
In order to specialize on one of those field or branches , specific subjects must be taken .

According to what I 've previously pointed , I think that is important to specialize , as in the example mentioned above , in one mayor field wich can lead to an focused attention environment in a major that would be studied and researched resulting on an improved and focused knowledge .
Although people specialized in one specific subject have often a better knowledge of it as I do , I prefer to have a broad knowledge of many academic sujects for two main reasons .

Firstly , I believe that a good knowledge on several topics will help me to find more jobs in very different areas .
Indeed , I am doing engineering studies and I like both the automotive and the aeronautic industries .
In order to start my first job in one of these industries and to have the possibility to switch to the other one after a few years , it is crucial for me to keep a broad knowledge in both two fields .

Secondly , a broad academic knowledge will help me to better understand the world around me .
Indeed , even if a strong knowledge would allow me to understand a specific subject more in details , I think that a broad knowledge will allow me to understand many more subjects with a sufficient comprehension of them .
A good example can also be taken from my studies .
I learned fluid mechanics in details and I only had a short introduction to other subjects such as turbomachinery or acousitc .
Nevertheless , my basics in acoustics were more than sufficient to understand the most common acoustic phenomenon that surronds me in my day-to-day life .
I can now easily understand how a speaker or a microphone is working and explain the basic principles to my friends , even if I do not know all the theory in details .

In conclusion , although some students prefer to specialize in one specific subject , I definitely prefer to acquire a broad knowledge on many academic subjects .
It will help both in my professional life as well as in my life out of the office .
`` Technology has always been a boon to the society '' , Due to advancement in technology there are smaller and efficient ways to finish a particular task .
The population growth of the cars has also been a major part of concern .
We are striving hard enough to meet the requiremnts of todays world .
So , I feel that twenty years down the line we may have very fewer cars on the roads .

In twenty years from now technology will be so advanced that person can work efficiently sitting at home or being online , so there is not much to travel and work at the same time .
Nowadays people are looking for luxury and work together .
They do not want themselves to stress a lot but , at the same time work harder and efficiently .
Think of people during ancient times , they were happy and contented with the work and efforts they used to put in at that time , but now the scenario is different people are looking towards the world with a broder perspective , they want to gain more and put less .
They do not want to sit ideal but also do not want to stress themselves .

With the growth in population , competition is increasing rapidly and people are looking focused towards their work .
They prefer to work more and gain more but , with ease .
People will be getting stuff ready at their doorstep and thus there does not arise a need to travel through cars and waste time as time is precious .

Cars are polluting the city heavily nowadays and so i feel that the government will provide other means of transport twenty years from now and ban cars .
May be this step will help us to get a healthy and pure environment .

Thus , one can mearly suggest that the rate of cars twenty years from now will surely decrease .
Some other means of transport may arise which will help to secure and improve the environment .
There will also be a lot of advancement in technology which will help us to achieve this .
Young people nowadays show very little or in some cases no time towards helping their communities .
Young people are more and more concerned with money , fame and publicity .
They do not want to spend time helping out their communities as they are not going to gain anything by doing this .

To begin with , nowadays young people are more interested in oneself rather than the people around it .
Young people are more self centered and are excessively concerned about oneself .
Hence they do not care about what other people are going through .
Nowaday 's you can see that most of the young students are looking forward to becoming doctors , engineers , sportsperson but very few are interested in helping their nation to progress or else helping their communities .

Also , young people today are least interested in communties and social service and give very little significance to it .
For example , lets talk about Mother Teresa .
She was such a great helper to society and devoted all her time to social service .
She had no greed for money or publicity .
But , because of the lack of concern towards communities by the young generation you will see very few people taking the path of Mother Teresa .

However , there are a few exceptions who do give their time to communties and social service .
Sometimes people who have made a some money in their life do contribute in some way or the other to communities .
They do not have the time to spend but they do have the money and hence they donate some amout of money to communities and hence play their role towards helping it .

Nevertheless , young people nowadays do have a tendency to forget what communities have done for them and that it is their duty to give back something to the community by helping them out .
Helping out ones communtiy , and in this way doing some social service must be made mandatory in schools .
With regards to the statement `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts . ''
, I totaly agree with it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts .

The first reason is that students can hold theories and applied sciences much longer this way than learning only facts .
The second reason is that students are able to link different subjects at the university , and therefore they can understand much more things in the different subjects .

I am studiying at the university in Cologne and I have friends , who believes in the same statement like me .
I often ask my proffesor at the end of the lecture , when I couldnt understand a lot of things in the ideas and concepts , which he or she has presented us .
The reason why I do this , is to capture all the things to understand the idea and concepts .
Otherwise I cant understand the whole lecture , whe i onlz get the facts , e.g numbers or dates .
I also would forget most of the facts , when I only get the facts without learning the ideas and the concepts .

The second reason is that students are able to link different subjects at the university .
It is very important to understand the ideas and the concepts to link theories in the different subjcts as a whole .
When I understand the concepts and the ideas , I am able to link the subjects to each other in many cases .

I am quite sure that I will do the same until the end of my study .
I hope that my collegue will also follow me The above outlined reasons are why I always agree with the statement that `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts . ''
Do the elderly enjoy life as the young do ?

From a psychological standpoint , it can ben claimed that the way people perceive the world changes as they get older .
In other words , they get more realistic as years pass .
Thus , I am inclined to believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

To start with , younger people expect more from life , and , to a great extent , people believe in the possibility of realizing their dreams in younger ages .
As a resut , this inner drive makes people to enjoy the life in all means , since they feel that they still have time to do what they want to do .
However , as they get older , they start to think that they will never be able to be the person that they have dreamt of .

Secondly , younger people have the energy that is needed to enjoy the life .
That is to say , they do not have to worry about their health situation while thinking about an activity .
For example , it is almost impossible for older people to attend activities that need more energy and attention such as surfing , rafting , and skiing .

On the other hand , some people claim that older peple enjoy life more than young people do , since they have more time than the young .
In other words , they do not have to worry about anything else apart from making themselves feeling better , and enjoying the life .
However , this argument can be considered as right only for a small percentage of the elderly , since they are not even able to find someone to accompany them for most of the time .

Taking these points into consideration , obviously , young people have more opportunity , and chance to enjoy life when compared to the old .
However , I strongly believe that this situation can be improved in the future for the advantage of the elderly .
Community is the very basic entity along which many Human civilizations have thrived .
It is the this feature that enabled man to evolve and be distinct from his fellow beings on the eath .
Community is not just living together , a group can be called a community only when they interact and help each other in all aspects .
Considering this as definition of community i disagree with the statement that young people do not give enough time to helping their community .

Firstly what do we consider as a community with respect to young people .
Is it the family , neighbours alone .
This would not be the example of community .
A community would refer to every one a person is direcly or indireclty related to .
In the case of a youngsters the community is vast and more diverse .
Hence it would be obvious that one set of people like family for example might see a lack of participation in its activities from the youngsters .
This is not actually lack of interest rather it is the fact that considering the vast communits with which the youngsters are in contact the amount of time they spend for one particular goup might be less .

Consider any calamaty or emergency , one will never survive such situations without the support from the entire community .
In fact in this case it is the young generation which takes the lead and helps people recover .
Their active participation and zeal to help others is always evident in such cases .

Finally the ` enough time ' which the statement emphasises is not relevant .
It is the need of the hour that is to be fulfilled .
The time taken for that can never be measured .
Helping the need in the way required and as doing it as quickly as possible is the best help and this is what the young people follow .
Both young and old people could enjoy life .
It entirely depends on the individuals .
This can be better described by explaining the terms ` joy ' and ` happiness ' .

The chief reason for my view is that the way people enjoy their life entirely depends on the way they percieve happiness .
Some people tend to experience happiness even at their bad times .
We see defense personnel of a country showing a lot of pride when they loose their lives in a war .
This is unusual in the case of other individuals .

The other reason for my view is that joys and sorrows are part and parcel of the life , and one has to encounter these two situations in a happy way .
We see great sport persons on the television who , at worst of their times on the field tend to carry a smile on their face .
Some of them , winning matches even out of such situations .
The reason being playing the sport in the true spirit by understanding the complexities of the game .

Others might argue that the way people enjoy their life is influenced by many factors such as their economic status , freedom and liberty .
i.e in making their decisions , ambience , health status etc .
But the point I emphasize in my views is that one cannot have all the mentioned factors which are materialistic .
Every individual lack something .

In sum , I concur that people who learn to get satisfied with what they have and who do n't obsess on what they lack tend to enjoy their life more .
It is not the age factor ( .
i.e young or old ) , but , it is the attitudes of the people which determine how much they enjoy their life .
I would agree on the point that most products advertised are not as good as they are portrayed in the advertisements .
The reason for my belief is that the advertising companies get a lot of money from the manufacturers to make their ad look better .
And due to this the make the product look very flash and attractive in the advertisements even if it is the most hideous product .

Advertisement is the best marketting stratergy that decides the sale of the products and the companies success .
In order to ahieve certain targets and to attract more customers the companies advertise their items in a manner that makes them more desirable to the viewers .
To do this they add certain features which the might not be able to provide .
They spend a lot of money on these ads .

For example , a cell phone company X adverstises its phone that has all the features except a very bright coloured handset that might attract people .
So the advertisers usually enhance the colour of the handset in the adds that people like to see .
They modify the product with the help of the computer techniques .
This might be misleading for the viewers of the ad if they order the handset just because of its colour .
Most people believe in what the see in the advertisements and order the products on the basis of the ads .
This can lead to viewers forming a wrong opinions about the products too .

Giving a personal example , i ordered an entertainment book which according to the advertisement had all the addresses of the tourist places in and around newyork but when i finally got the book in hand i discovered that the book had only a few selected place and it did not include all the important tourism spots for eg. the museum of modern arts or the radio city hall in manhattan .
How could any book miss that ?

On the basis of the reasons and examples citied above and on the basis of my experience I would finally conclude that the advertisemnets are often misleading and do not provide the exact information and the viewers should go into the details of the product before buying them .
I do not agree with this opinion because of these three reasons ; expenses to have a tour guide , not being able to communicate with local residents , and not being able to learn taking resposobilities and the real side of the place .

First , it is expensive to have a tour guide compared to taking a trip on your own or in a group .
It is not nessesary to worry about the cost if the person is rich , however not very many people would like to speand too much money just on traveling because it is also important to spend money on souveniours or on the food .
Therefore it is not nessesary to have a tour guide .

Second , it is hard to communicate with local residents with a tour guide .
When taking a trip , it is a great opportunity to talk to the local residents because they may be able to tell you where good restaurants are or nice places where local people only know .
Also , when traveling a foreign country , it is fun using a foreign language .
If you are traveling with a tour guide and he or she always does things for you , you might lose these opportunities .

Third , the tour with a tour gude in a group can be fun with no learning and responsibilities .
Taking trips can be a learning place .
You can learn about the people , culture , atomosphere , and the language where you visit .
When you are with a tour guide , you will only listen to the tour guide and your friend in the group , therefore these learning opportunities decrease compared to taking trips without a tour guide .
Also you will be dependant on the tour gide so that you will not be able to learn as much as traveking alone .

Let 's travel alone !
You may be scared to travel alone , however there are so many things you can learn by taking trips on your own .
It is cheap to take trips without a tour guide and fun to get to know the local residents .
You will also be able to learn many things by traveling alone .
Again , I do not agree that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Whenever I think of successful men , these two persons always hang around my mind , Thomas Eddison and Christopher Columbus .

Even though they lived in quite different era , they always get me thining about the issue that what makes them such a successful and great persons thoughout the world and in the history ?

Evidently , I believe that trying new things and taking risks are the main factors of that .

This is reason why I agree with the statement that successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

If Columbus sticked at operating his small ships along the local coast , it goes without saying that he could never show the new land to us .
When everybody was satisfied at their daily lives , he wanted new thing with new vision persuing new wish and hope .
As we can see , his wish , keeping pluging away to seek `` new things '' was so anxious that he could overcome many hassles and obstacles during the voyage .
Although he met so many dangers , such as diseases , protests of other crews and laughing and critics by the public , he succeeded in casting same vision and hope with him to others and opponents and also convinced them to try new things along with him .

And how risky was Eddison 's activities ?

He seemed even silly and insain to others at that time .
Sometimes he acted the man who did n't know what is the risk and danger as if he was a callow youth and children .
All for his wishes to try new things !

I believe that he probably knew about the risk in advance when he came close to explode the train for the experiments .
But he was brave , check that , knew that it was needed and essectial for the success which he really and anxiously wanted .

Other 's critics are also another risk for man who wants success .
Eddison was not foolish enough not to know the laughing when he took egges for observing the hatchings .
But as everybody knows , he did .

I thinks that if they wanted to do what they already know how to do well , Eddison would become a usual clerks at the grocery store and Columbus should be
`` The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide . ''
According to this sentence I come up with many ideas , and I would like to say that I agree with this statement .

I have traveled in many countries , such as Japan , America , Canada , Australia and Korea .
Most of the times I visited other countries by a tour guide .
The best thing about a tour guide is that they have been there before , so they are very familiar with there .
They know all the best parts of those countries , so they will show us in a order time .

In addition , a tour guide will book everything for you , for example , hotel , restaurant , parks , buses ...
They know all the times !
For example , when has a big event or show , when the parks are open , when the restaurants close , and where the places the visitors have to go during what time .
They also know which hotel is cheaper , but still nice enough to let us sleep comfortable , so we wo n't have to worry about where we are going to sleep tonight .
Furthermore , they will tell you how to get to the place you want to go , and tell you what you should buy down there because it 's cheap and can help you to keep memories .
They also will tell you what kinds of restarants are around here , and which one is famous , so you do n't need to waste a lot of time on thinking what you should have for dinner .

However , because you are in a group , so if someone is late , you have to wait until all the people in your group together ; on the other hand , you wo n't spend too much time in one place because you do n't have much time and they still have many places they are going to show you .

In conclusion , I think travel in a group led by a tour guide is a great thing if you do n't want to book everything by yourself .
It is also a good thing if you do n't know how to drive or never been to there before because someone familiar with there will show you around so you do n't need to worry about it .
Therefore , I like to travel with a tour guide very much .
I do agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not devote enough time to helping their communities .
To be more clear , by young people i would mean people in the age group of 20-35 yrs .

As times are changing , people are getting more and more involved with themselves , and the materialistic pleasures of life .
This is especially true of the young generation , who value money more than anything .
As a result , most of the attention of our youth is on earning money , and hence they are busy fulfilling their aim .
Today 's world is very competitive and in this struggle , young people often do not find the time to contribute to their community .

Another reason for such a thing , is that communities are no longer close knit as they used to be .
There is a lesser feeling of belonging to some particular community , and there is the emergence of a global community .
More and more people travel to various places , and hence it is difficult for them to associate with a particular community .

Reasons apart lets state some examples from our experiences .
One such example is the lack of participation of youth in voluntary organisations , such as those for educating the poor people .
It might be true that young people contribute money in such schemes , but we dont see too many young people , actually going out there and teaching .
Another example is the absence of young leaders in our government .
Young people do not find such a career very financially rewarding and hence abstain from actively participating in the functioning of a government .

So as time is progressing , young people are getting motivated to work more for themselves , than for their communities .
I would not say that this is true for all young people , but it would hold true in most cases .
Such a drift away from community responsibility is primarily motivated by the current lifestyle of the younger generation .
There are widespread opinions on the responsibilities and expectations of young people nowadays .
I think that young people today still spend sufficient time helping their communities .
But before beginning the reasoning , `` young people '' and `` helping their communities '' needs to be defined : I consider young people to be teenagers of the age between 13 and 19 years old .
Help in communities comprises activities , such as supporting the elderly , being engaged in municipal politics , playing in a sports club , or spending time with small children during holidays .

Many young people today are engaged in politics to help their communities .
The number of members joining political youth organizations has steadily increased over the last ten years .
When talking to those teenagers , I can see their motivation and enthusiasm to participate in political work .
They are aware that they have a responsibility towards their community and even enjoy this fact .

Secondly , the popularity of sports clubs has never decreased .
Most young people are at least in one club , such as the local soccer , tennis , or track and field team .
Although some sports have seen a decrease in members , other sports have become more attractive .
This can be exemplified by sports like American football , baseball and beach volleyball .

Finally , young people today are aware that social activities are meaningful and even useful for their future life .
Everybody who wants to apply for a job after school knows that these activities are an important part of their resume .
Somebody who has not participated in any social community work is less likely to be an attractive applicant .

Some might object that nowadays young people spend more and more time playing computer or surfing the internet .
However , this objection can be countered by the fact that young people used to watch TV a lot or maybe read books instead .
The argument misses to state how young people in former times helped their communities .

To summarize , the political engagement , the popularity of sports clubs , and the awareness demonstrate that young people nowadays do spend enough time on helping their communities .
As Einstein said `` Imagination is more important than the knowledge '' .
People can learn the facts at any stages of their lives , however for one to understand the ideas and concepts during education years is crucial .
By grasping the ideas and concepts , students can broaden their horizons and their vision of life .

A brain of a student can be best shaped during his/her youth .
If a student is able to learn about ideas and concepts during his youth , he can compare them and do not let himself to be a part of bigotry .
By knowing the flaws and superiorities of each idea or concept , he can not confine himself only one idea .
He will be able to develop the tolerance against different views .
Without knowing one thing , person can not assess it .
Therefore students should focus on the ideas and concepts during education years in order to broaden their minds and visions .

A student without a knowledge about the ideas can not develop his own way of life .
By only learning the facts of the life , a person can only succeed to lead an ordinary life .
Ideas are like diamonds flashing in the brains .
Without an idea , there is no use to have university diploma .
As people on the street know very well the fact of the life , there must be a difference between the educated person 's mind and mind of someone who does bodily work .

A student who has thorough knowledge of the ideas can always learn about the facts of the life , when he gets into the working life after graduation .
But the difference lies in the fact that this student could have an ability to interpret the facts in a more logical way by employing his already gained knowledge of the ideas .

Wasting the most fruitfull years of one 's life , i.e. education years to learn about the facts will be a big loss for a society .
To show how much importance is given to the young people can only be possible by equipping them with the ideas and concepts that they will utilize in the further stages of their lives while interpreting and reacting to facts of the life .
By this way they can contribute to the future of a country .
It would be beautiful to believe that twenty years from now fewer cars would be circulating on our streets ; but the sad truth seems to be that , in that period of time , many more vehicles will fill our streets and contribute to polluting our world .

On one hand , it is true that technology is rapidly evolving and that what today is `` brand new '' , tomorrow will be completely obsolete .
The perfect example of this is computers .
PCs become obsolete almost as soon as they are finished .
The same thing applies to cars .
It could be that the great love that many have for cars today , died tomorrow due to a guilty conscience or environmental awareness .
People could start using other means of transportation that pollute less .
Or the automotive industry could create a new way of collective transport that would lead to less cars on the streets .

On the other hand , it is difficult , in a such globalized environment , to believe that the main mean of transportation : the car , will , in such little time as twenty years , be less used .
The fact of the matter is that cars are all around the world .
Everybody needs one to go everywhere .
Even young adults try to prove who they really are to others thanks to the car they own .
In New York , for example , not everybody owns a car , but taxis are available for those who need them which is , basically , the same thing .
How does someone from a small town go to work in a big city ?
By car , even when there are buses or trains available .
One could walk or go by bicycle to many places in his or her town : groccery store , post office , etc. , but many still prefer driving .

We have to face the truth .
I disagree completely with the statement because I do not believe that our world is moving in that direction .
We are still not aware of the great stress cars are causing on the environment and I do not think that we will be in twenty years .
It is not that I am not hopeful , I am , and I really hope that I am wrong in not believing in humans , it is just that I look out into our lives and I see what is there , not what I wish to see .
I agree with the statement `` sucessful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
It is a well known proverb `` No risk no gain '' .
When someone thinks about some idea or plan that is not common , he works diligently over it and tries to accomplish his dreams .
All the scientific invention are based on this idea .
If the scientists follow only the traditional patterns then there will be no new invention and our society would n't have been as developed as it is today .
Right brother thought of a flying vehicle and this was not a conventional idea that time but they followed their instincts and worked hard for it and invented Aeroplane .
And today we all know them for this accomplishment and it contributed a lot to our civilazation .

Taking risks at time worth as the end results are more beneficial and pathbreaking .
If we do not try new thing our life becomes boring and less challenging .
It is a well known fact that in business , at times some great business man as Mr. henery Ford created a new vision and inplementes it successfully .
If he had n't taken the risk we would n't known him as a leading businessman .

It is a fact that we all want to do things that we know well rather than trying something new as it envolves less risk and the chances of failure are reduced but to achieve something extraordinary we are required to take chances in our life .
As an ordinary approach towards life will yeild only an ordinary result .
There will not be any opportunity to achieve something that is not streotype .
All the achievers in the history are known for their adventurous spirit instead of taking the safe side and sticking to their regular job .

I can personally state this because my brother who did his enguineering , instead of doing a regular job opted to study further in a world known university .
For this he took a loan from the bank and taken a big risk but today he is successfully working as an interbnational aeronatical expert and repaid all the sum .
His sucess taught me to dream big and work hard to achieve it .
Conclusively I stongly support this policy of taking risks and gaining more friutful results .
It has always been in debate whether having a broad knowledge of many academics subject is better than being specialize in one specific subject .
There have been many good reasons for both sides and in conclusion it is a only a matter of opinion .
In my opinion , I believe that it is better to have a broad knowledge of many things than be specialized in one subject Firstly , if one has a broad knowledge of many things because one is more aware of his surroundings .
Know a little about a lot makes you more cultured since you can discuss and converse on different topics even if you are not specialized in one .
You also are not puzzled by simple questions that many specialized people would n't be able to answer outside their subject of knowledge .
If you are with a person that only knows about one subject , his field of conversation is much smaller than one that has some knowledge about many topics .

Secondly , being specialized in one subject never means that you know everything there is to know about the topic because there will always be questions .
Socrates said , `` I know that I know nothing '' .
Einstein also said that the more one knows , the more he understands the little knowledge he has .
These two great people in history are commenting on what is problemetic of specialized knowledge .
Once you dig deeper in a subject more problems will always apear .
Once you know one more fact in the sobject , two more questions will arise .

Finally , to have success in the future , at work or in life , one will eventually use more that the knowledge of one subject .
One will impliment the vast knowledge he has to solve the obstacles ahead of him .
Maybe you are a great mathematician but know nothing of psychology , you will have a hard time going through life with just being an expert in that subject .
Math will not help you when you are trying to raise a family or looking after children .
There must be a balance of esencial knowledge that people must have In my opinion , to be succesful in life and be able to handle the obstacles in it one must have an all-around knowledge of many esencial instruments that will be used later on .
You will sacrifice deep knowledge about subjects but gain much more in life .
Life does n't come in subjects , in comes in a whole .
Being prepared for the whole is the key .
In my opinion , travelling is a process for people to broaden their views fo world , to learn and share with others ' culture and to adjust their mind and body into a harmonic way .
And this whole process for travelling is neither necessarily in group nor led by the tour guide .

First of all , with the fast-pace improvement of information technology , one can go on the internet and search for any detailed information for any area .
There is not so many needs for a guide to tell you what the history and riddles of the scene are , instead we can easily find those information we want on the internet .

Secondly , the guided group are more likely to have a schedule on when and what to travel .
This is obviously against the nature of the travel , we need more time to talk to people and share the wisdom of life , which seems a tough and even impossible task for the tour guide , since to some extent , they had to follow the simple principle , time is money .
If we travelled by ourself , we can arrange our time freely , if there is a point of intersest that attract you a lot , we can reschedule it to go back one day later or even more .

Thirdly , we can know where our money spend when travelling by ourself , there is no way that you know the same thing when you give the money to the tour guide .
It sometimes ruins my mood of travelling by suspecting that the guide may keep some of our money to his own pocket .
Also , some guide may pull you to some restaurants or local shops that are not attractive to us at all , which in return the restaurants and shops give bonus back to the guide .
To me myself , I will feel cheated under such circumstance .

In summary , I am against the statement in the question .
I partly agree and disagree .
On the one hand I consider a broad knowledge of many academic subjects as something valuable , something that makes you a better scientist or researcher as you might get a broader view on a problem .
On the other hand specializing in one specific field helps you to concentrate on specific problems - you have the chance to go beyond the surface of a field or subject without getting sidetracked .
It depends on where you see your career and on your talents .
If you want to work in - let 's say - medical research , than a broad knowledge of modern and ancient languages , philosophical ideas and schools might turn you into an interesting conversation partner , but it clearly does n't help you to come up with a cure for cancer .
To come up with a cure for a desease - that is actually hundreds of different deseases - you have to specialize in your specialization - and you have to start at an early point with that .

If you want to work as a philosopher than your works will benefit from a broad - but still deep - knowledge .
Some people might ask , what we need philosopers for , but that is a different question .
So the question is more should the universities give students the chance to `` linger around '' , to change subjects , to build an academic personality if this is necessary for their chosen field of career .
It seems that today no-one is willing to give you the time and resources to develop your academic profile over a long period .
Which is a pitty as so many praised authors and scientist founded their career and their ideas on the broad knowledge they established over a long period of learning .
The trend goes towards shorter education periods as finacial resources are limited .
This is unfortunately a fact that we ca n't change .
Sad is , that the decisions made towards shorter , specialized education systems are mostly based on financial considerations and they hardly leave room for exceptions .
I agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Young people are usually healthier than old people and are full of zest and energy .
Good health opens a lot of avenues for enjoyment to the youth .
They can go bungee jumping or sky diving if they please so .
Frail health limits the aged .
They have to think twice before performing even routine activities of life .

A lot of fun involves medium to high risk .
At a young age , people are able to take a lot of risks in life .
There is very less at stake for them .
And that is also how they learn .
However at an advanced age , it becomes very difficult to take even medium risks and the aged prefer to shun such activities which would involve risk .
How many times would anyone have seen grandma riding a motorbike ?

The young are more curious than the aged .
Hence experiencing new things is a source of joy and fun for the youth .
However the `` worldly wise '' aged has seen it all in life and there is rarely a thing which can excite them the way it excites the youth .

While young , people have a better ability to change .
The young are tuned into the times .
The elderly usually find it difficult to adapt to the changes of the current times .
For example , there are not many elderly who are comfortable with the latest technology and gizmos like the computer and the ipod .

Lastly the world is geared to cater to the needs of the young .
Besides medical care and certain specialized products for the aged , the TV is full of advertisements targetting the youth and children .
A visit to the malls , restuarants , pubs , entertainment parks and movies reiterates the same focus on the youth .
The entire economy churns out billions of dollars catering to the whims and fancies of the youth .

Hence young people definitely have more fun than the elderly .
Since the technology is getting more and more advanced , people 's lives improved a lot .
Now people wo n't only think about how to make lives , instead , they will think about how to make their lives better .
More and more entertain are requested , and people start to enjoy their lives by having entertainment .
About the question whether young people enjoy life more or older people do , in my opinion , it depends on different people 's perspectives and different stages they are at .
This essay will discuss this issue by showing different people 's point of view .

For those people who are still going to elementrary school , they do n't even know what their life will be like .
They have flexible schedule ; and most of their time is spent on playing .
If this is also called a way to enjoy life , then the little kids express their enjoyable by enjoy playing .

After a person is in the high school , he may has some ideas about what direction his life will be like .
Teenagers are the generation who really know how to play the technology .
There is a fact that the people who know how to use computers are most teenagers .
Even though they have to study at school most of the time , they still have a lot of after school activities .
Teenagers are the ones who know how to hold a party the most ; also they are the customers who go to movie theatres often .
Teenagers enjoy their lives by spending time on parties , watching movies .
They are the ones who know how to use entertainment .

When people start their careers , obviously they do n't have enough time to do entertainment , but they still enjoy lives .
After finish the whole day 's work , they choose to relax themselves by watching tv , or playing sports , or listening to music .
As long as they feel relax , not as stress as working , they will know how wonderful their lives are .

Now it 's time to see how old people enjoy their lives .
Maybe some people will think that they are too old to enjoy life , well , it 's not true .
Because the society is improving , people start to care old people more .
There are a lot of places only for old people , and there are a lot of sports instruments for them to practice .
Old people like to get together and talk about their life in the past , and sometimes they will make up music bands , which some people at other age enjoy the most .

Based on the discussion above , it is easy to figure out that people at all ages enjoy their lives .
The only difference is they enjoy lives by different ways .
There might be some cases that some people always feel depressed and they do n't like their life , but in most of the situation , I think people will prefer to be happy .
As long as people feel positive about their daily , they will enjoy .
The textbooks in which the students study with are listed with facts .
Most of them cannot be taught by the students themselves without full understanding of the content .
By this fact , other examples and personal experiences , I have been convinced that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

Our current society requires students to use their knowledge effectively later in their life .
By just learning facts , they cannot understand the basic concept and idea to make their knowledge useful .
Our current society is advancing rapidly to fit our needs and wants .
In order to keep the advancement , the students need to understand the concepts rather than facts .
If , for example , a student learns only the fact that one plus one equals to two , and two times four is equal to eight , the student will only learn the answer of that problem without any progress .
The society works the same .
Students must learn the major concepts and ideas in order to progress later in life .

Another reason is from my personal experience .
While I was studying the political science , I could only memorize the facts and could not understand the concepts .
In the test that occurred a day later , I could only answer the questions which were exactly same as the sentences stated in the textbook .
I requested the professor for a retake .
When I asked my father , who has a job involving politics , he gave me the basic concepts of politics and how it worked .
Consequently , I was abled to get a perfect score in the same subject the next day .

Only with the knowledge of the concept rather than facts can one to put it in various solutions to methods .
By just learning the facts , one can only earn one fact .
By learning the ideas and concepts , however , one can use it into various methods and eventually aquire numerous facts .
Therefore , I beleive it is crucial for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than facts .
Attitudes towards the behaviour of young people of not having enough time nowadays for helping their communities vary from community to community .
I think that young people spend equally the same time as before except that their efforts are not highlighted as they get out-numbered .

Previously within every commuinity a small number of people used to be there offering services thereby substantiating that with the increase in population the number of youngsters have increased and their efforts are cnot realized lets take example of community service programmes which are organised by the schools and in some schools it becomes a mandatory part of the curriculum this proves a great part of the student body participating in the community service apart from this we see students collecting funds every month for the maintainance of the of the community .
Most of the members of the community center are young individuals Obviously we cannot expect every student to give in the same kind of effort in this area with the growing complexities in the student life the students eventually land up compromising on the time for the community work during exams but eventually compensate on this lost time by organising camps during their work therefore it would be wrong on our part to undermine their efforts as mentioned before the form in which help is being given by them varies .

Perhaps the students might not be channelized in their efforts to helping their communities they need to be more organized in their approach .
Help can again vary informs some people dont offer help unless they are asked for it others however are generally helpful and offer help if need be even when they are not asked for it .
For example an old lady crossing the road might be helped by an individual even without asking for it whereas others would normally wait for the lady to ask for help as they are hesitant in offering it as they think it might go unwelcomed fearing the senility of the lady I think todays youngsters are well aware of the responsiblities that are levied on them .
Its just the perspective of seeing things that creates the difference .
The young are aware that they are the presidents , doctors etc of toommorow and hence are actively participating in offering their services its just that we need to start appreciating their work .
It is quite true that the advertisement companies are all over the world today and making a great improvement by enabling the companies to increase the amount of the product they sell and consequently the profit they get .
Obviously , advertising have become a huge industry , which attracts the attention of all companies producing various kind of goods for different purposes and for different target consumers or clients .

However , it is still questionable to what extent advertisements reflect the real quality of a certain product .
By remembering the kinds of advertisements which were in display almost fifty years ago , we can easily conclude that the early examples were not that much exaggerated or confusing .
They simply described the product or the service with a nice background music .
Later on more story-like advertisements , which aim to influence the audience emotionally , were produced because an emotional kind of attachment with a certain product or service renders it more likey to be remembered .

A close look at the recent kinds of advertisements on TVs or radios reveals the fact that today 's advertisements are far from reflecting the real quality of a product .
Many customers complain that they are not satisfied with the product or the service they receive and they believed that they are fooled by the shiny advertisements .
Majority of the people who watches TV at night tend to change the channel when an advertisement is shown because it is believed that it does not describe the product or the service objectively .

Additionally , it became quite difficult to understand the story - like advertisements because they divert our attention to the other details instead of the product itself .
One can feel as if he/she is watching a fashion show while watching a car advertisement .

Fortunately , some rules and regulations put forward to restrict the unrealistic depictions of the products in advertisements .
Recently certain instutions are established enabling customers to defend their rights if they are fooled by advertisements .
As a I learned during my sociology class , a successful person is someone , who has achieved important goals that have led him to important positions of success .
Of course developing new projects and obtaining positive results bring risks and doubts , but the only way to improve and cross personal limits , is to take these risks and solve them .
Someone , who prefers to do only what he is sure to be able to do well , is a person who will never become successful .

Nowadays , the working situation shows how always more companies are looking for employees , who have the following competencies > initiative , goal orientation , flexibility , self growth , and so on .
A candidate in a job selection must prove , that he is a person with initiative in developing new strategies , and improving the company-s performance .
A society will appreciate more a person , who demonstrate passion and interests in taking new challenges and facing risks , rather than someone , who does not want to improve .
No company will give a promotion to an employee , who does the same work since years , just because he is sure of doing it well .
A boss will give a prize to that person , who is able to develop new plans and positive approaches for the company .

On the basis of what I have just statet , I strongly believe that to become a successful person , I should try new things and take risks , showing my motivation to improve and grow .
As example , I can look at my uncle , and at his professional career .
He is now a successuful dean of a high insitute of business administration in Damascus , Syria .
Before having achieved this high position , he experienced delicate situations , where he had to deal with all those risks following a new project , such as opening a high institute of business in the Middle East .
The positive result shows how initiative can make a person successful .
For our grandmothers it was the flyers , for our parents it was the television and for us it is almost everywhere we exist .
Advertisements are covering more and more space in our lives ; billboards , internet , buildings or even people can be holders for advertisements .
Yet , the question is whether or not we are being treated candidly about the product the advertisement represents .

Indeed , we are often equivocated by ads in the sense that flawed or deficient qualities of a product can be well concealed whereas the supreme qualities are underscored perfectly in an ad thanks to the extreme communication skills of advertisers .
One could present a computer program which has the ability to perform a specific task , say converting one file to another , and he may never mention how slow it performs its duty .

From my experiences , i could show the test center in which i am taking TOEFL as a paradigm for this situation .
It is quite a well known and respectable company .
When one enters through its door , he is dazzled by the ads everywhere claiming how superior the company is .
Yet , their computers have shown a lot of malfunctions before the test .

Nonetheless , too much of cynicism is not correct .
One could present many situations similar to mine , but that does n't necessarily mean that we are always misled by ads .
In conclusion , i believe that ads do make products seem much better but some products can be really better .
Therefore it is better to keep a piece of optimism inside .
Travelling is one of the most interesting beneficial , eye-opening , horizon-widenning hobbies a person couldn have .
Every time you travel and see a new place you get the chance to meet new people , be introduced to a new culture , and get acqaunted with new habits and tradtions , not to mention the food .

Yet Travelling if not planned properly can end up to be a nightmare .
Lets say you have decided to travel to a far-away country where u know no one , and ca n't speak their language , u have never been there , and have no clue on what to expect .

In this case its better to arrange your trip through a travel agent where she/he hooks you up with their partner in the country you are going to , to take care of you and arrange some guided group tours for you to go around and see the country .

This can be the right choice in many situations .
If you are going to a relatively unsafe country , where its not advised to wonder around alone .
If you are worried that you wont be able to communicate with the people in that country because of the language .
If you are travelling alone with no friends or family , and you want to socialize on your trip , being in group guided tours might be a good chance for you to meet people and have fun while site-seeing .
At the same time u gaurantee to get enough information about the sites you visit on your trip , since the tour guide will be briefing you about each and every place you pass by .

As much as this sounds safe , entertaining , and informative .
I prefer to travel on my own .
Something I got used to and enjoy doing .
I tend to find travelling on your own more interesting , and forces you in a way or another to mingle with the locals , to get more immersed into that culture , and get a better taste of that place you are visiting .
Besides , you would be able to follow your own schedule and go and see places you choose to see and not the tour guide planned for you to see .
It would give you the chance to do some research and reading about that place , before and during your trip .
You will be you own master , your own guide .

Our day to day life is already scheduled and going according to a certain plan , when I go on a holiday or travel , I do that to run away and relax .
On my trip , I do n't need to sleep and wake up , eat or shop , according to someone 's esle plan , not my own desire .
Otherwise I will end up not enjoying my trip while the tour guide ends up making lots of commission from each and every single shop or resteraunt she/he takes the group to , and most of the time they are bad choices .
I fully agree with the following statement : ' young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping theor communites . '
It is hard to fing a youth who enjoys and is willing to help other people .
I , as a teenager , admit that helping others is not my priority .

One of the main reasons why i believe young people do not spend much time helping other is the lack of free time .
As an student of the International Baccalaurite ( IB ) program I spend a great amount of time studying and preparing for the exams in May .
According to the school , we should do atleast 3 hours of homework every night .
I come back from school at four thirty , then go to the gym for around one hour and then do my homework .
By the time I finish it , it is already 8 or 9 o'clock .
This does n't leave me much time to do activities to help my community .
Furthermore , the little time I have free I want to spend it on things I enjoy doing the most such as meeting my friends .

Another reason why I think youths do not give much time to helping their communities is because of the increasing competition in the world .
Out parents want the best for us i.e they want us to be successful .
This desire of wanting to be better than our peers has made us more selfish and therefore reduce our willingness of helping others .
For example , for a professional sportsman to become the best one in world , he needs to practice a lot .
These training setions take time ; therefore he will have less time to help the community .
In addition , psychologically , he will only be focusing on him getting better and dismissing other things such us helping the others .

Competition also leads to another reason for my opinion ; the lack of even getting involved in programs for helping the community .
Because some of us are sometimes brought up in way that everything involves around competition we do n't even try to help others ; we do n't know what it is about .
The IB requires the students to complete 150 hours of what is known as CAS ( Creativity , Action and Service . )
This part of the programme encouraged me to get involved in acitivities such as collecting clothes and food for refugees , helping teacher plan activities and organise family days .
I have to admit that I really enjoyed them and the feeling of satisfaction after helping other is amazing .
So , because of the lack of experience , I assumed that helping others would be borring and not worth ; however , I realized it was the opposite .

In conclusion , I believe that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities because they do n't want to or sometimes is n't even their fault .
Programs such as the IB has noticed this weakness in the current teenager and is trying to recover their interest in helping others .
I think that parents and teacher should also emphazise the importance of these and the benefit we get for doing it .
`` Live Life Kingsize '' .
This is the statement which i always relate to .
So i do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Happiness and enjoyment in life , does not fade away with age but more to do with the personality of the person .

Firstly , there is not any age limit defined for a person to enjoy his life .
I have seen people who in their old ages fully enjoy their lives as compared to their young counterparts .
So enjoyment in life has more to do with the personality and nature of the person rather than his age .
If a person is very jovial and fun loving , he will like to socialise with his friends , go for vacations with the family and will do thinggs that will bring happiness to him .
These gestures of happiness and enjoyment can be done by a person of any age .
But a person of serious nature , would like to spent his time alone rather then enjoying .

Enjoyment means different things to different people .
For some it might be spending time with family or socialising with friends .
For some its going on vacations and exploring new places .
Some people enjoy doing activities like painting and drama , which make them happy .
So there is no specific age to enjoy these things in life .

Although , one of the reasons that can be stated in favor that young people enjoy life more than older people is that when you are yough you are more physically healthy to fulfil your hobbies and activities , which make you happy .
There are certain things that a youger person can do , which an older person might not be able to do which so much of passion and energy .

In conclusion , i would like to state that age actually does not matter for a person to enjoy life .
It depends on your own outlook and the way you want lo live .
So if you are young by heart , dont count your age and enjoy life to the fullest .
It has become quiet a common proverb that `` if you want to identify a leading nation , you may start by identifying its cultivated population '' .
In other words , knowledge is a key issue for the advancement of individuals and the evolution of nations .
Some people believe that knowledge may be restricted to a specific topic , while other people think that knowledge should cover a broader spectrum of information .

The first group of people say that specialization is an essential criteria of the 21st century 's success .
Being knowledgeable in a specifc area secures a solid platform for a well-founded advancement .
An additional reason is that specialization provides an in-depth focus into relevant researches , and considerably eliminates the risk of getting into an uncessary waste of time and human resources , not to mention the financial ones .
A research done by the Faculty of Science at Saint Andrews University in 2005 states that individuals with a specialized academic background have an additional leverage of assisting in research laboratories than other people with a more generic knowledge base .

The other group of people believe that an academic portfolio rich of wide and diversified topics is an essential tool for advancement .
They point out to the fact that most of the professional platforms are offering nowadays the sufficient training and orientation for their recruits to be specialized in one area .
Therefore , the candidate must be equipped with a broader knowledge to be able to sustain in his daily life and be up to the many facets of his day : for instance , would you wish to be in teh shoes of a specialized mathematician pioneer in his field , but however unable to interact in a social gathering when the issue of global heating is brought up ?

Personally , I think that I cannot align myself completely with either group .
I have my reservations on both positions .
While it is important to be a specialist in one 's field , this idea does not contradict the importance of keeping abreast of a variety of topics .
Grasping more knowledge can never have a drawback ; besides , professional bodies are offering a gret relief concentrating themselves on the specialization of their recruits .
The more we know , the better we lead nations .
I personally agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time in helping their communities .
I for one feel that I myself do not spent enough time helping others .
Many young people has already forgotten about their communities , forgotten that that are other people besides themselves , forgotte that the community needs their help and is more than happy to receive a helping hand from them .

Many young people nowadays are more self absorbed than back then .
They have learned to be more self driven to their own goal regardless of the sacrifices and so on .
They learned about individuality and competition .
They do not realize the importance of helping their communities .
Although there are many public awareness campaign on this issue but it is not enough to drive the young people to help their communties .

Most of the young people are more concerned with social status than anything else these days .
They are preoccupied with being popular than to see what the communities need .
They see community service as a task or chore or a boring thing to do rather than a healthy and honorable action .
They do not picture this as a cool thing to do and it is probably not on their prioirity list .
They do not see the bigger picture of the society and that others may need a helping hand .

Young people nowadays also has much more source of entertainment , for example there is the wide usage of the computer these days .
Most young people spend most of their time on the computer .
They are surfing the internet for information , they are using the computer to communicate with others , to play games as well as to obtain other source of entertainment .
Other source of entertainment such as shopping malls , coffee joints , clubs and bars have more appeal to the young people nowadays rather than helping the community .
Due to the time spent on electroninc gadgets such as computers , and entertaining themselves with other activities such as going out with friends to malls and so on , young people have limited free time to help put their communities .
They forget the traditional ways of communicating and helping their communities .

In conclusion , the priorities of young people nowadays has changed .
They tend to forget to put in helping others as one of their priorities as they are very much goal oriented , individualized and have many source of entertainment these days .
Hopefully the young people will one day realize this and change their behaviors .
Nowadays , some people argue that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
For some people , we are living in a very competitive world and this is a natural concequence .
In my opinion , this is done on purpose .

First of all , there are lots of types of products on the market and consumers have sometimes difficulty in finding the right one .
In these kind of situations advertisements play an important role .
People tend to buy the products which they have seen on television commercials or print advertisements .
However , when people buy the product , sometimes they see that it is different from the advertisement or it is not as good as the one on television .
Indeed , companies try to show their products better than they are ,

Secondly , there is a great competition between companies .
Some companies know that their products are really good and they state it on their advertisements .
On the other hand , some companies are aware of the quality of their products and they know that they can only compete with the good ones if they use advertisements efficiently .
In other words , if they do not claim that their products are good on an advertisement people will buy other products .
This means loosing profits for them .

Furthermore , people tend to buy the products which they see on television .
Owners of the companies know this fact and behave accordingly .
They try to use their advertisements to make people learn their products and buy them .
Besides , they try to influence them by making their products seem much better .

In my conclusion , most advertisements make products seem much better than they are and people do it on purpose to sell more products and to gain more profits .
I think these are normal results of such a consumer based and competitive market .
I disagree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in twenty years than there are today .
At first question I mention about if I am reading statement : what is the definiton of a car in twenty years ?
Are we talking about cars like today ?
With a gas enginge or are we talking about a vehicle with alternative enginges ?
If so , for me this vehicles are not cars .
They are another kind of transporation machine and can not be summarized under the topic cars .

So , it might be possible to say there are less cars in twenty years , but only because of a statistic trick .
Another reason why I disagree with the statement is the fact , that most people in this world nowadays still have no car .
Of course the most people in the western world got are car but what about all the people in asia and africa ?
Only in one of this areas live more people then in the western world togehter , e.g. India .

Also the industrial revolution already started in those countries and it is only a matter of time when they will get the same life standard than the people in the western world .
Life standard in the western world means to be an owner of at least one car .
Today it is possible to see the statistic fact that one cititzien , e.g. in Germany , often owns more then at least two cars .
So if only the people in India at least will own only one car the statement false .

The last reason why I disagree with the statement is that the industrie needs cars to move their goods between there production areas .
Therefore it does not matter if we are talking about a company that produce heavy products or just produce services .
To connect the people with the products of the company it is necessary to use a car .
The employee must be able to meet his customer and the customer needs the possibility to get to the company for e.g. to buy something or to ask for services .
As the famous saying goes
` Jack of all trades and master of none'
I believe if one day my mom tries to make cookies with the methods of making cakes , puddings , ice-creames etc. all together it would taste rather ridiculous .
Try and imagine a person wearing a white shirt entirely covered with circles of red , green , purple and blue .
Iam sure it reminds of a clown .
on the other hand imagine a persson with white shirt and tiny scattered red and blue squares ; looks assum .
Similarly if a person has broad knowledge of many academic subjects and no deep knowledge in any specific of them then it could not be put to any specific use ; and if tried to use in some way would actually spoil things .

Consider an example wherein the teacher of history in the lecture while explaining about civil war starts relating it opera it would rather lead to a rather useless junk of thoughts in the students mind .
In order to be able to apply the knowledge one has gained to some practical use deeper knowledge regarding the same is required .
This is neccesary in oredr to ensure that what we do will be flawless .

A student to stand up strongly in future is no doubt has to be versed with everything under the sun .
But the depth of such knowledge has to be limited and whereas knowledge in one particular area has to be really strong .
Now is wan era wherein the complexity in various fieldfs is increasing ten fold and so is the avancement .
To keep pace with both of them what is neccesary is specialisation .

It has been observed for this matter that post-graduates and more precisely doctorates are in graeater demand in professional world than are mere graduates .
This is due to the fact that they definetely hold more depper , more preicse and absolutely flawless knowledge in order to be apllied directly .
Also the apllication point of view for their field is more clear Thus , although one should have knowledge about what is going around and whats in , it is also essential that he is able to get the deeepest possible knowledge in a particular field and apply the same in oredr to stand up strongly and more confidently in the professional world .
University courses nowadays are made of ideas , concepts and facts .
But I disagree with the statement that says that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Concepts and ideas are only a basis , concepts and ideas are often born from facts and facts allow students to go out of the theorical field to be closer to the professional life .

In university courses , concepts and ideas are only a basis .
It is essential to understand them but it is also worthful to learn how tu use them through facts .
Facts are in a sense concrete examples or elements which will help students to learn concepts and ideas and help them understand that concepts and ideas alone are worthless if one do not learn to use them through facts .
In Economics sciences lots of concepts are very abstract as for instance the concept of utility .
If you do not apply it to the everyday life it is stays hardly understandable .

Secondly most of the concepts are born from facts .
Sometimes ideas and concepts result from reflection but most of the time they are the result of experiences or facts .
In the chemical industry a large number of formulas concerning chemical materials are born from experiences made with this same formulas and which lead to an unexpected conclusion .
That is the same for cooking .
Lots of recipes are issued from a test .

Moreover facts allows students to pass through the theorical field to adapt the concepts and ideas they learn to professionnal life for example .
A student learning commercial relationships will understand selling principles much better through concrete examples .
Actually concrete exemples or experiences related to concepts really help to be closer to the professionnal world and to understand better professional relationships .

So as a conclusion one can say that concept , ideas and facts are working all together and one can even underline that in some fields like history for example , facts are most of the courses .
Nowadays it 's clearly impossible to run away from advertisement .
At home or on the street , even when you drive a car you may see advertisement on buses .
It seems to be very difficult to escape from it .
But what are advertisements made for ?
Usually they are made to attract peaple or to get their attention and finnaly to sell the product which the advertisement is made for .
Many peaple complain about the way advertisement is presented .
They see every kind of advertisement as an illusion of goods that in fact do n't represent what is said about them .
But do advertisements make products better then they really are ?

If you consider most of the advertisements you may discover afterwards that they do n't lie but they hide information .
For example in some advertisements they claim that their yoghurt has a lot of vitamins that make you healthy .
Unfortunately the same yoghurt has alos a lot of fat and ohter ingredients that can do harm your body .
This is a big problem for every consumer and for the government as well because it is pretty diffucult to find a solution for it .
You ca n't prohibit companies to do advertisement .
So the hidden information will be existing also in the future .

Furthermore advertisement is seen as everything that appears on screen that is shown between films or series .
So whats about cigarettes ?
In Germany for example cigarettes are shown in advertisment as a cause of cancer and a lot of other illnesses .
This is a kind of advertisment that does n't make the product better .
It does the opposite by showing how harmful cigarettes are .

Nevertheless advertisement is there to get peaples attention to buy a product ..
How can you reach this goal many companies ask themselves .
One option is advertisement , and as there is so much competition companies have to invent facts that make it more interesting .
As we know that most things said in Advertisments are not true we know that this is just a stragey to catch the peaples eye and make them interested in their product .

In my opinion it 's true that most advertisements make products much better than they really are .
Despite the exceptions mentioned above , advertisement uses wrong or different facts to improve their products .
There are many opinions occuring about whether young people or old people enjoy life more .
I actually do not agree with the statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' at all .
I do n't think that old people have more fun in life than their younger companions either .
But I am not saying that not anyone on earth enjoys his or her life .
I am just trying to say that it depends on the person himself regardless of his age .

A man , 80 years of age could be the richest man on earth but may still not be satisfied with his life because he wants to be young again .
Therefore he does not enjoy life .
And on the other side a teenager is unhappy about his life because he does n't have the money and right to do whatever he wishes to do because he still lives in his parents house .
All the teenager wants is to get older , so that he can do all the things that he always wanted to do ( and of course the money to do it ) .
And the funny thing is that both illustrations could be the exact same person , only in different life stages .

But it can be different , too .
As a young person you can enjoy life by going to school , meeting friends , doing sports , etc .
And just because of the fact that you are old does not mean that you cannot have the same fulfillment in life as a younger people do .
You only do different things which you could have never thought of when you were younger .

So what does that mean ?
You could have all the things you 've always wanted and still be unhappy .
It does n't matter if someone is young or someone is old .
If that particular person does not have the right attitude to make the most out of the situation he will never be happy and finally enjoy life .
A young person can enjoy life as well as an old person does .
It is only important how he thinks of himself .

I believe it is your attitude that determines what kind of a life you can have .
You can enjoy life or make it a terrifying time while being on this earth .
Nobody can make you feel happy , but YOU .
About fifty years ago , one the greatest President of the United States pointed out the main problem of modern societies .
John F. Kennedy said , do not ask what the country can do for you , ask what you can do for the country .
We live in a society that promotes individualism .
Individualism can be definied as way of projecting problems only through you own scope and to pay less attention at your environment .

I think individualism is more and more developped and people tend to give less time to their community .
This subject is the great battle between the Ancient and the Modern .
According to the Modern , people are more and more focused on their personal environment , that is to say their family , friends , work environment and themselves .

In our modern society , this phenomenon reaches young people even more that parents and grandparents .
They used to be raised with a very high sense of values , focused on work and religion .
Even if each family , according to its history , need , wealth , had its own priorities , these were the main values .
And there was a sense of commun work and commun need .

Young people who live in modern societies tend to be more focused on themselves and to be more selfish .
In developped countries , they do not fear hunger , thirst , problems of wealth .
I think that most of them are self centered .
We must believe that this kind of attitude will change and that young people with give more time to help their communities .
On the one hand , there is always the role of religions .
They can be used to make people understand the importance of giving , sharing and receiving .
On the other hand , we can hope that intellectuals and politicians will raise these question in the future .
Not only is the idea of helping the community relevant , but it is also more and more important in a time of great incertainty .
I do agree with the statement and I woud be even more radical : I think all the advertisements try to make the products better than what they really are .
sometimes they do not succeed but I think the intentions are always to present the products at best , no matter what the real features are .
The reasons must be searched in the aim of the advertisement itself : an advertisement is a message that must convince and persuade people to buy the product it talks about , and to buy that exact product and not some of the others on the market .
To obtain this aim the people who makes the advertisement can rarely escape the strong temptation to go beyond the line of an objective description of the product , especially if there are many similar products on the market a customer could choose from .
Therefore as the number of products on the market have increased esponentially , the advertisement had to introduced more and more sophisticated and intrusive mechanisms to get its aim of convincement .
In this way the real features of the product advertised have lost more and more attention , in favour of other messages which are indirectly and in a more subtle way connected in our mind to the product itself .
These messages make use of attractive areas like beauty , beautiful actress , actors , models are often showed connected to the product , sexual messages are also used in different ways , other messages that make use of some values and stereotypes , like brave men , happy families and so on .
Summing up I think advertisement has gone far beyond the limit of presenting a product , maybe ignoring the negative features and emphasizing the best ones ; It has become a powerful and intrusive activity that makes use of all the means it can to obtain its scope .
It not only wants to convince people to buy something instead of something else , it also tries to create the needs of new products and services .
Therefore it is not surprising that many times we are convinced to buy products by the way they are presented in their advertisements , or just because we want to feel like the handsome actor using that product , but then we have to face a strong disappointment .
Succesful people try new thing and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I logically agree with this concept and I think that almost all times hope and a good attitud can make much more than knowledge and money , but the convination of the four things is something amaizing .

The most impportant thing to really succed in your life is achieve your golds , that is the reason you should be persistant ; be proud of yourself , never keeping the felling of knowing that you could do something more , or that you could be part of something but you were too affraid to do it .
Do n't be affraid , trust in yourself , the most important , believe in you !

A great example of succed in the life is my sister , Laura Garza , she is the person that I admire the most ; she is the kind of persons that when she propose something , she gets it , no matter what , no matter how much time it gets , no matter how tired she is , no matter how much it costs .
I realized that when Laura wants to do something , she does it , as easy as that , I really got astonished when I knew she will go to study Clinical Phsycology in Washington , and why , just because she wants to do it , and guess what ?
She is studying in there now .

Succes , what is succes ?
Well , the answer is different to all the people , but the real succes in the life is when you feel comfortable with yourself , when you get up in the mornings and feel you really deserve to be where you are , when you look all around you and finally say : After all my work , I finally get it !
But the most important , you should never give up , you should never think , okeay that is enoght ; because , it is never enought .

You could always be learning and doing something .
I asure you that you will get up , and if you have an open mind and a competitive attitude , you will learn something new everyday .
Just never give up and you will rich your golds , and really succed in your life .
In today 's developping and competitive world , not only the introduction of a new product to the market is important , but also the way used to attract people 's attention to that product is essential .
The business which includes this process of making a product seem attractive to the public is called the advertisement industry .
Although it may contribute a lot to the sales of the products , I strongly agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two main reasons why I support this idea .

First of all , the aim of an advertisement is to increase the amount of product sold .
So , most of the time the advertisors tend to exaggerate the benefits of the product .
As better the product is presented , the more people will buy it .
As a result , the advertisors misinform the public and present the product as a super product which actually is not .

Secondly , based on my personal experiences I think that most products turn out to have harmful effects that are never mentioned in the advertisements .
The problem is the advertisors tend to mention only the positive aspects of a product and they ignore the negavite effects of it .
When the customer uses the product , he or she comes across the negative effects of it as well .
So the value of the product immediately decreases for the customer .
For example , a few months ago a washing powder claimed to be perfect for washing machines turned out to cause severe damages on the machines .
Now , the advertisement of the washing powder is no longer seen on television and the sales have decreased considerably .

In conclusion , advertisements are needed for giving us information about new products .
However , the fact that they most of the time do not reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
So we should keep in mind that no product is as super as it is presented in the advertisements and that they may always have negative effects which are never mentioned in advertisements .
`` Jack of all trades and master of none '' .
Well yes !
I totally agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .

I look at eductaion as primarily an aid to better living , enriching lives of the recipients with its vast and varied database .
Life itself cannot be compartmentalised into few specifics .
It is actually the amalgamation of a wide gamut of experiences , problems , oppurtunities , successes , failures , emotions , relationships and the like .
Thus , to deal with such a vast range of things definitely requires some sort of formal education about the broad features of various academic subjects .

For example , for a home-maker , to successfully run and manage the house , only an education in basic cooking or rather the home-sciences is not enough .
He/She needs also to be equipped with the broad details of mathematics , economics , social sciences , etc. to be able to better execute the responsibilities at hand .

Further I believe that knowledge of diverse domains promotes the all-round development of an individual .
The person is much better aware of the socio-political factors affecting him and his surroundings and is able to make informed decisions about his life in particular and the society in general .
On the other hand , a specialist in a particular field might find it quite challenging to deal with issues that are beyond his domain .
This will put him at a great disadvantage as compared to the other generalists in his surroundings .

In terms of interpersonal relationships also , the specialists find it quite difficult to relate to people who are not from their field of study .
On the other hand , having being exposed to a broad spectrum of topics , the generalists find it quite comfortable to get along with even radically different people .
This helps in strengthening their contacts and improving their communication skills .

Lastly I feel that since we have only one life to live , we must make the most of it and fill up our lives with as many possible experiences that we may percieve so that we may not have any regrets on having missed out on anything in life .
Media has played a major role in Globalization .
It does not matter in which part of the world we live , we can be aware of all the happenings in other parts as well .
Moreover , Media has contributed a lot in the world of advertisement .
Before launching of any product , the company promotes its product with the help of media .
We know the name of a particular product and its significant feature before it is launced in the market .
And as a result the demand of the product increases .
Media plays a major role in successful launching of any product .
The world of bussiness is based on two very important words : `` demand '' and `` supply '' .
Knowing about the product and its significant feature even before its market supply , greatly increase its demand .
But advertisement only add profits to its manufacturers and mislead its customers .

These advertisement introduce these products in a colourful fashion .
We can see most actors and actresses in the advertisement of Soaps , cars and many cosmetic items .
These advertisements lure public and portray that this perticular item is the best as this film star or sport star is using the same .
The manufacturers show only those features that they want to show .
They never highlight all the features of the product so that the customers can have real idea of the product .
Due to the presence of many similar items , customers may have many choices but it is actually very confusing because they only have a vague idea of everyone .
So , these advertisement mislead public .

Thousand and thousand of dollars are spend on these advertisement to make it more charming and colourful .
But the cost of these advertisement is added on the cost price of the product .
So , finally the customer has to bare the cost of these advertisement .
Lets take an example every month a new toothpaste is introduced by the same company by just adding some more fancyful features and attract public through advertisement .
Advertisement full the pockets of the manufacturers and lure the public to spend on the new product .
After all this is bussiness .
Although many people believe that the number of cars in use is surely going to increase with time , I believe that in next twenty years we will be witnessing a decline in the number of cars in use .

The first reason that supports my view is the dependence of automobiles on the non-conversable energy resources .
Even in the twenty first century , the automobile industry is still searching for the alternatives of petroleum and gas .
The petroleum reserves beneath the surface of earth is declining rapidly .
This is already acknowledged as a problem , universally .
The energy source is decreasing rapidly and no other alternative is proving out to be a success .
There is a possibility , that in a future we might even see some government regulations that may limit the use of petroleum by automobiles .

Secondly , there are some revolutionary developments in the field of other modes of transportation .
We have metro trains , bullet trains , and even more fascinating choices available already .
And even the attempts of establishing much better means of public transport is going at a good pace .
The Introduction of metro train in delhi , India has already shown signs of people becoming reluctant to use cars .
They are preferring metro over their own private vehicle ( car ) .
Also , the accessibility to almost everything using internet is making people less likely in leaving their home .

As the essay has demonstrated , the use of cars is likely to decline in the future .
The non availability of an alternative for petroleum as a fuel for cars is surely going to effect the automobile industry .
Also , the availability of more attractive and convenient public transport is driving people away from using their own cars .
So the resul
As time goes by , many different education syles are coming up .
They all aim to develop the learning process .
The future of our society will be destined with our young generation ; therefore they should be given all the materials to improve themselves .
Nowadays there are two conflicting ideas about how to teach the students , to let them learn facts or to focus on the understanding of each concept .
I definitely agree that it is more important to really understand the causes , the effects and the context of an issue , because it encourages self effort , research and improves learning .

First of all , the students need to learn to do things on their own .
They have to work on it and participate in the learning process .
If the teachers just give the handouts to the children and let them memorize each fact , they would not benefit from it .
The teacher should make them think , how this fact relates with the other topics .
To take advantage from the lecture students need to generate ideas about it on their own .

Second , the students will be encouraged to do research , when they get the concepts and ideas .
The student might know that there is a fact of ` gravity ' , but if he also knows how Isaac Newton has found it , which thinking ways he tracked and reached this solution , he will have the ambition to go further and try to create concepts of his own .

Last thing to mention is about the efficieny of learning , Facts or formulas , which have been only memorized , are forgotten in a short time .
But if the student is familiar with the concept and understands it fully , he can remember it even many years later .

To conclude , we should be really careful about how we approach the students when teaching them , because it can affect our future and the best way to equip them with the information they need seems to making sure that they go beyond facts and get the concepts and ideas .
I do n't believe that group tour led by a tour guide is a good way to travel in that travelling in a group will reduce the opportunity of expriencing new culture and is far more expensive than travelling alone .

First , when people travel , people usually expect to experience new things including meeting new people and new culture .
While traveling alone , people can be easily exposed to new culture and advantures .
However , when people travel in a group led by a tour guide , people should follow the tour guide 's decision on many matters and will have less opportunities to explore the city by themsleves and get new cultural experiences .
I remember when I went backpacking to Europe alone , I met so many new people and learnt new cultural things by exploring the city by myself .
It was a truly fulfilling exprience .

Another reason is that traveling with a tour guide is not cost effective .
The cost of hiring a guide is already included in the price you have to pay to the travel agency and the price is often far more expensive than the money you might need when you plan to travel by yourself .

Of course , there 're some advantages we can have when hiring a tour guide .
The tour guide can provide better security in a foreign country and useful local information such as barganing tips and local history .
However , compared to those benefits that we can obtain from the a tour guide , the price for hiring a tour guide is too expesive in many cases .
With the same amount of money paid for a tour guide , people can visit more places in a longer perid if they want or people can save the considerable amount of money by not hiring a tour guide .
These days , internets provide all sorts of information .
If people prepare their trip ahead of time , they can also learn the same kinds of infomation that a tour guide provides during the trip .
There is a statement here about being successful .
It says : successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

I want to express my opinion by giving examples from real life ; First , look at Ataturk 's life .
He attempted to save his country with his friends and at the end of the war he achieved it .
Indeed it was not a new thing .
There are , exactly , similar conditions and successes in turkish and world history .
But after the war he tried to found a new country which is governed by citizens ( although this term was new for the turkey in those days ) and try to bring democrasy culture here .
After all of these , he is remembered as succesful man and a leader .
In conclusion , i can say that trying new things and taking risks can help you to be succesful .

But ...
In the twentieth century businessmen found a new business strategy : frenchising .
There are lots of chains of companies and you just contact with them , giving them amount of money which they determined and you can be successful in this way .
That is a way of success without taking risk and without finding new things .

After these instances how can i conclude ?
And do i have to ask this question : what is success ?
To answering these questions is not easy but i want response in my way ; if you just want to be successful person who lives in high standarts you do not have to take risks .
But if you want to be a successful person who will be remembered untill the end of time you must take risks , you must find new solutions to old problems .

At the end , i just can say that i agreed the statement and i have to add that at the same time i disagreed it .
I hope i profess it well .
Innovation , Risks and Success in Science

The factors which makes a random academician a distinguished scientist , or an ordinary cook a chief of reputation lie in the same place : Innovation .
To introduce new ideas , or even combining the existent ones in a different way changes the course of the lives , countries and eventually the history yet to be written .
However , it takes its tolls under the threats of risks .
Against all odds and all the risks , the innovation is still the key to the success in every profession .

Here is the journey of the same person proving that how innovation and risk taking can alter the course of history .
And in lack of these two factors how a sucessful person can spend years without reaching to a solution .

Albert Einstein was a curious mind striving to explain the connectivity between the forces governing the universe .
He changed the paradigm of the physics from old Newtonian perspective introducing the relativity .
This was also meaning the risk of unacceptance and scornful comments from the peers in physics .
After all , he was just an officer in a patent office studying physics in an unscholarly way .
In fact , his early papers are rejected by the journals .
However , he has been eventually proved to be true by the observations claiming him to be sucessful .

Ironically , in the second part of his professional life when the quantum theorists followed his way to form the next paradigm known as quantum mechanics , he would be the person to build the barriers against the new ideas .
He would say ` God does not play dice ... ' not accepting the probabilty factor in physics .
He spent his last years working on the same problem the way he did for the relativity , having no answers .
The old way of thinking deterministically and adding the beauty of mathematics were not working anymore .
Problem needed a new approach from which Einstein preffered to stay away .

Nobody can guess what would happen if he tried to colloborate with the new paradigm and search for new ideas .
Taking the risk of finding that the universe depends on a probability game was not bearable and Einstein stayed in his track with no other sucess .

The same great mind with two different attitudes bring two different consequences : a ground breaking theory and a solitary research era , giving a good example how innovative and courageous the scientists should be if they are to be successful .
All over the world , the importance of the advertisement to convey the information about products is not negligible .
The reason for this importance is stemmed from the fact that the advertisemetns givce the detailed information about the products of some companies .
However , there is a discussion about whether these arguments make these products seem much better than they really are or people can trust in these advertisement about the information about the products .
In my opinion , most advertisements demonstrate the products not as they really are because of the some reasons such as economical , social and political reasons .

One of the crucial reason in the unreliability of most advertisements in conveying information about the products is caused by the economical aspects .
For instance , if there is a company who needs money and support to develop themselves , to trade with another companies in order to improve their skills in their own sector , they may show their own products much better than they really are .
In addition to private companies , the public companies may desire to benefit from the people 's interest in their advertised products to make money from their sells to increase their prestige in a government .
Consequently , the economical purpose of the producers of the advertisements about their products may result in illustrating these products much more better than they really are .

Another significant reason in agreeing with the idea of not trusting most advertisements in representing the products can be proved by social reasons .
The reason for this that generally people always believe in advertisements and they do not try to know more about the advertised products in order to collect more detailed daat about them , because this kind of people choose the easiest way to get information about new methods , new innovations and they try these product without any advices from professional people .
Therefore , the existence of laziness in social life in doing research in order to learn more information about products is a factor in the creation of unreliable advertisements .

In addition to economical and social reasons in making the advertisement to show products much better than they are , the political reasons can be demonstrated as a proof .
The reason for presenting political reasons to prove my argument is that in some countries , for example in Turkey , there are some distinct rules in making the product available to use for people ; because these products shoud be reliable , tested in order to avoid the devastating results after using them .
Therefore , most advertisements try to show the products much better at the beginning to have the goverment approval in distributing them .
As a consequence of giving the situation in political side of the advertisements , it can be claimed that the desire to have approval from the political powers in order to introduce the products led to the increasing number of the advertisements which make the products much better than they really are .

As a result of giving detailed information about the reasons in economical , social and political fields , it is ovious to see that most advertisement try to present the products in order to develop their economical structure , prestige in government and benefit from the the support of people , who are lazy and so not capable in doing research about the advertised products before using them .
The statement here states that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I believe this depends on how you percieve life as .
Everyone has his own opinion about life .
According to me young people enjoy life more than old people do .
We will discuss more on this in the following passages .

Firstly , young people have an advantage of their age to do a lot of things that old people are restricted to .
When you are young your body is more flexible and supportive to get moulded in any kind of conditions .
And you can work as hard as you can , you can go for night outs at college or at work , you can stretch your working schedule as much as you want but the same is not true with old people .
In old age your body becomes weak and unsupportive to harsh conditions .
A classic example would be life at college campus .
Young students are seen to be pro-active in studies as well as in extra-curricular activities .
They tend to enjoy a lot , do a lot of things in a lesser time and at a faster pace .
Old people cannot do this kind of work at their age .

Secondly , when you are young you have so many things unexplored in life which keeps you enthusiastic and interested in life .
So as young people work harder and achieve their goals and experiences in life they get a lot of satisfaction and hence a lot of enjoyment .
Apart from work the youngsters are also keen towards love and romance in life which plays a major role in enjoying life with a partner .
Even the body at young age is very good for romancing and enjoying .

Lastly , though old people are usually settled and have a quite good money to spend they can enjoy a lot of wealthy things .
They also have a lot of leisure time to spend and enjoy life .
But since body basics are not the same as young age and they do n't have much to do in life because of many restrictions such as health problems or some disease or problems like cannot exert body much and so they cannnot enjoy life much .

To sum it up , young people see and experience a lot many things in life than the old people at their stage , as old people had already went through these stages and does not have much to do .

Young people have a lot of freedom and interest in doing things .
So as per the views and examples expressed above I believe young people enjoy life more than old people do .
Science , for that matter any other field of study , have been broadly classified in to many subjects .
Its important for everone to have a basic knowledge of all these subjects but I think its better to specialize in one specific subject .

Concentrating on a wide range of subjects creates a lot of problems .
Firstly , the individual may not be able to find ample time to devote to each subject .
Secondly , the reader may retain far less than what is required because the details of the mix of all subjects might be really confusing .

We always find that people who make their decisions early and act promptly and concentrate in a particular area of interest turn out to be high performers or high end achievers contributing a lot towards the development of society .
Dr. A.P.J
Abdul Kalam , The President of India can be quoted as a very relevant example in this context .
Dr. Kalam identified very early that his interest lies in the area of space science and technology and started working on it from his senior seondary school itself .
We all know that he had always been a towering figure in the evolution of Indian space programme ever since he joined the Indian Space Research Organization .
He can be a real role model to the young students .

I do feel that an exposure to all the subjects is essential for a student to make the right choice .
It also gives him the confidence to tackle new situations and to effectively put forward a new idea before the general public .
But ultimately one should try to become a specialist in any field of his interest .
In this society I feel one should be a specialist in the field he or she is working to make the other people listen their voice .
It also generates a sense of belief among them over the things he or she is telling them .
I feel its always better to be a master in one field rather than a jack of all .
People who can success will definitely take risks to try new things rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
They know that they can maintain the motivation by using new ideas , The great opportunities for gains await them by taking risks .
And the new idea is more popular than the conservative ones .
Successful men and women will achive goals successfully by challenging .

Mankinds can maintain their enthusiasm for goals by attempting something new .
When I was on the tennis team at school , the coach tried to increase the team 's esteem by changing the stretches and methods of practicing everyday .
We could maintain the desire for winning .
Therefore , at the end of the season , we could achieve the championship in the league .
To preserve the enthusiasm by trying new processes will bring the even better consequences .

People can benefit from using another methods by grabbing opportunities .
To be successful , they have to ameliorate their current conditions with new ideas .
For example , the iPod benefitted from altering their styles of color , shape , types , and so on .
The Apple Company received the profit by gaining opportunities .
Success will arrive to people who will try to change their styles , without the fear for risks .

Finally , there are more chances of success in any uncultivated field .
People always love the inventions and styles with novelty .
As women want to buy different clothes every season , the new products will look more attractive that old ones .
The ideas that are totally different from past thoughts will bring the people 's popularity that leads toward success .

In conclusion , successful people tend to take risks rather than preserving their present states .
They can maintain the enthusiasm toward goals .
Besides , the opportunities for achievements follow them by taking risks .
The creative products from new ideas can gain the popularity from human beings .
Taking risks and try new methods brings people success .
I think that in a certain way you can learn more from places if you go with a tour guide but probably will not be much funnier than going with your friends .

Also if you go with a tour guide you need to wake up at an specific time and be at that moment in the place he told you or if not you will missed that trip .
I think that if i want to travel to a place i will need to analyze for what purpose i want to go .
If I want to go only for pleasure or if i really want to know the turistic places and their history .

Probably I will decide to travel with friends but i will go to the tourism offices to get information about the touristic places of the city and select which places we like the most and visit them .
If the place will require a tour guide we will pay for it if not we will only enjoy the place and the moment .

Sometimes going with a tour guide makes you feel bore because you cannot go to eat or sleep at the time you want because you need to finish the program he have .

But for example if I go to a city for few hours or only for a day i will choose to go with a group led by a tour guide because probably if i go by myself i will not have enough time to visit many places and know the city .

In other words i can say that if you want to stay for many days in a place you can go visit places that seems interesting for you and later pay for the attention of a tour guide to talk you about the history of the city .
A lot of sudents waste their time with studying for exams and quizes .
This only makes students learn facts .
However , I think that understanding ideas and concepts is more important than just learning facts for students .
The reasons are stated below .

First , I hear that a lot of American students do not like Math classes because it is complecated and it does not make sense .
I had a chance once to take a calculus class in last year , and realized why they do not like math .
Since I had learned a lot of math concepts and ideas in High school in Japan , the class was very easy for me .
However , a lot of American students came to me after and during the class time and asked a lot of questions .
The reason why they did not like the math and were not good at it is that the instructor did not teach why from one question they can get an answer , or the teacher did not even understand why it is .
He just tought us how to solve the questions .
Since I had learned a lot of things in Japan , I could understand but , I think that it it very hard for American students to understand for them to understand why the answer becomes what unless they understand the concepts and ideas .

Beside that , I have another reason why I think it is better to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
I took an economic class one time and the instructor just talked and talked to let us learn facts in the lecture , and I did not have nothing to learn .
At the end of the quarter , because I could not understand the questions on the final exam , I had a really bad grade although I studied a lot .
last quarter , I retook the same economic class with a different instructor .
He tought me ideas and concepts of economics ' terms easily and I understood these ; therefore , I did not study for the final but I got a good grade .
I believe that the reason is simply that I learn and understand the ideas and concepts of economics rather than just facts .

In conclustion , I surely think that understanding ideas and concepts is more important .
I agree with this statement or at leat I hope it will become true since there is a real environmental need for re-organization of our communication means .
Climate overheating calls for it .

That said , this wo n't be possible without in-depth modifications of how people consider their way of living .
Cars are now very successful consumer products for several reasons ranging from comfort to social standing .

First of all they are very comfortable for they can transport individuals easily from one point to the other , avoiding the inconvenients of public transportation ( like suffering the weather while waiting , the noisy and narrow environment that is to be found in buses or trains , etc. ) , bringing you exactly where you have to be ( contrary to public transportation that is only present on main roads ) and being immediately available .

The second reason is that they participate to one 's appearance .
In a period where appearances are - sadly enough - worth more than money or gold for a lot of people , they are a very ostensible element of one 's ( self - ) identification to a social category .
Lots of people put a great pride into their car and worship them more than what would be expected of them .

I think there is a need for change .
And being a frequent car user does n't inhibit all logical reasonings in me .
The streets become overcrowded with car , getting from one point to the other takes more time than ever , pollution is becoming so heavy that it endangers our eco-system and our healths .

The solution will be found in public transportation .
More precisely , in a densification of public transportation routes , in an increased quality of public transportation means to offer more stability , more silence and to offer other services , some of which can be of great use to professionals ( think of the Internet , for example ) and in a reduction of their costs .

I think the train is a very interesting solution for long-distance transportation ( think of the success of the TGV and Eurostar ) while subways and tramways are better for short-distance .
Buses should be reserved for spots where there is no possibility to set up tramway routes .
Let 's not be too lazy and forget the bicycle .
A quick look at Amsterdam and Belgian cities like Ghent could be a good example of their utility and of the fact that habits can be changed in favour of a healthier world .
Being successful is about knowing what you are doing and how you are doing it .
But it 's also about taking chances and working hard to seek your ambitions and aspirations .
And to do so , people should try new things and take new chances .
But at the same time , they should be very careful with their actions and decisions , so that they wo n't regret if anything had happened wrong .

First , In order to be successful , people should know exactly what they want and what they are looking for .
For example , If a man wants to be successful in his job he needs to be working for something he really likes and he 's really good at .
And not doing something just because that was the only opprotunity he got .
He should try and find what he is good at and find what he really wants .
Having a successful life is about having a happy , fulfilled and satisfying life .

Second , People who want to be successful should go and find their own chances instead of just waiting for the chances to come to them .
And if they passed through something hard along the way they should try their best to make it through without crumbling .
They have to make the best out of everything .

Third , successful people have to obtain the knowledge and the wisdom on how to keep their success rising instead of falling .
Being successful once does n't mean that someday you wo n't be a failure .
A person has to be confident in his work so that he would n't regret his actions later .

To become a seccessful person and to obtain that postition .
You have to know what you are looking for , try to reach out for your goals , and being confident in what you are doing .
And at the end you will have a happy life .
If one wants to be successful in business , one needs to take some risks and try new ideas or concepts .
However , successful people cannot limit themselves to what they already know as their environment is evolving in parallel .
They need to constantly adapt and cannot only focus on what they already know how to do well .
Therefore , they need to learn and try new things .
In a business , this becomes very obvious with the illustration of the development of the business .
For instance , Bill Gates ( Microsoft ) originally provided operating systems .
Nowadays his firm also provides antivirus , new environment ( .
NET ) and so on .
Everytime he introduces a new product on the market , there is an underlying risk related to different uncertainties : how the product will be received , the quality of the product ...

However , if one starts something totally new , one needs to have enough knowledge to control the situation and anticipate upcoming problems .
At least , one needs to ensure that knowledge and information are within their reach when needed .
On the one hand , Steve Jobs ( EasyJet ) shows that entrepreneurship and motivation can be enough to become successful but there is no guarantee .
He created EasyJet based on a simple concept : cheap flights .
On the other hand , the disappearance of ten per cent of Small and Medium Enterprises , five years after being created , shows that the risks must be measured and calculated .
Indeed , trying new things is not enough , there must be a follow up and a constant evaluation of the risk to prevent from failure .

To conclude , successful people need to have an initial idea .
As the environment is evolving , the initiators will need to consider new areas they might not know well in order to have their ideas fit in this environment .
Thus they will have to try new things and take risks , but they will not take blind risks .
I strongly agree with the fact that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communites .
Being a volunteer myself at the National University Hospital for more than three years , I have sensed that the communities does need a lot of help from the general public .
However , the young people involved in this project are extremely few .
There are numerous reasons for this phenomenon .

The first reason would be a lack of interest .
We face a great difficulty to recruit people every year .
They are simply attracted to other booths that are considered more interesting , such as Outdoor Activities Club , Dance Society and Rock Climbing Club .
These activities involve a lot of physical movement and help them to bond better with their friends .
They have a golden chance to know more about people from their age and build firmer friendship via such activities .
Helping the communities , on the other hand , usually requires the interaction with people outside the school .
Most of the time , they are from another age group .
It is very difficult to get the young people interested or excited to talk with the elderly patients for two hours straight or to play with kids who hardly know any ` hot ' music or movies .
Young people believe that they could hardly gain anything out of helping the communities .
As a result , most of them are not interested .
This also explains why Ministry of Education in Singapore sets compulsory hours of community service for the Junior College students .
If not , young people would not set time aside for such activities .

Secondly , time contraint usually hinders the young people to helping their communities .
Young people nowadays are preoccupied with simply too many activities , such as school work , co-curriculum activities and other entertainment programs .
In Singapore universities , we have to attend lectures , laboratories , tutorials and seminars for almost 30 hours a week .
During our spare time , we have numerous project meetings , assignments , essays and tests to prepare and study for .
In our mere free time , we tend to relax by chatting on MSN , surfing the Internet , playing computer games , watching movies or joining club activities such as bridge club , skating club , outdoor activities club etc .
This simply leaves us little time to help the communities .

Thirdly , young people , especially people from rich families , are not mature enough to face the reality in the communities .
Grown up in a wealthy family who live in condominiums or private houses , young people do not see the other side of the society .
They do not recognize the existence of people who work 14 hours a day and earn a meager income , who live on public pensions of 200 dollars a month ( equivalent for the cost of their newly bought Nike shoes ) , who live in a house without electricity and gas supply , who are sick but have no money to see a doctor and who are too weak to see the sun-rise on the next morning .
Helping their communities provides too cruel a reality for them to accept .
As a result , they opt to escape from facing them completely .

In conclusion , it is my stand that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
This may be due to their lack of interest , time constraints or their intention to escape from the cruel reality .
I do agree to what is being said about the successful people in the above stated question .
Because , it is a matter of fact and can be accepted that the successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

For a successful person , it would rather become an interest to go in search of many new things by taking risks .
If at any point of time , one is really successful in any aspect of life , he or she would really go in search of new things even if it calls for risks to get expertise in all the aspects of life , as life is not confined to a small pond .
That would make them understand different things and different situations in the world andf also teachs them the necessary steps to be taken .
The world is very big and there are many things to be learnt from the world , so one cannot limit his area of thinking and expertise in only one field .
One should get a diversified idea and reasonable expertise in what exactly is happening around the world .

On the contrary , when we become successful in one area of life , we tend to know more about the same thing we have been learning all years .
They would have the profound knowledge about the same aspect of life , however , if something else is given to them , they just go blank as they do not know what has to be done exactly in those situations .
One trys to develop an illusion to only have his thinking confined to a single errand rather than going deep into the world .

When it comes to learning different things , besides what they are already doing , the new things would for sure fascinate one self to go deep into it .
In the future , if an individual faces any instance in his life in regards to something outside his profession , he would find room to get some things done for himself rather than just going blank in those situations which a normal person would .

With the present days increasing technology , if one has to grow in his life , one profession would not fetch him bread and butter .
Only multiple talents would actually make him earn a living .
At the same time we cannot expect all the people to be gifted with the same talent , there would be some people without multiple talents .
This is where Bill Clinton 's phrase comes into picture . ''
If someone is born poor , it is not his fault .
If he dies poor , it is is fault . ''
This plays a major role and would be quoted a motivating statement that would drive an individual to take risks and try out new things rather than doing what they already know how to do well .
It is a common belief that advertisments make product seem much better than they really are , and for this reason they help making them look more desiderable .
In my opinion this belief is true , and this is why a lot of investments are made on advertising .

The first fact that makes products more desiderable is the way they are presented .
If the description underlines the positive aspects of the products , and if it hides negative aspects of them , it is likely to happen that people would appreciate them .
For example a beer may be advertised describing its flavour and its colour in a very positive way .
Besides to make it desiderable it should be presented not mentioning problems of alchoolism and driving accidents .

The second think that help advertisment to make its products better is the association of them with positive aspects of life .
For example , when you advertise a kind of beer you can present it as the one drunk by very important people , or you can take a photo of a beautifull naked woman with your beer in her hands .
The positivity of the persons linked with the product is automaticaly transfered to the product itself by the receiver of the message .

Another aspect related to this subject is the absence of the product .
When you are looking at an advertising image or a TV program it is probable that you have not that product nearby .
When you see it , presented in a positive light , associated with a positive event , you want it .
The absence increases desire .
The desire of the product makes it better simply because it is not present .
For example if you see a beer on the television in a hot day , presented as a very fresh drink , by a beautifull young woman , you desire it .
The desire makes the beer much better than it really is .
As a student myself , the question of whether it is necessary to acquire the knowledge or to merely learn the fact about it has been pounding quite often through my experience of learning .
Obviously , it takes far more time and efforts to entirely understand the knowledge whereas sometimes it is mandatory for students to roughly learn the facts according to the requirement of their curriculum .
In my opinion , I completely agree with the point of view in the statement that it is far more important for students to understand the ideas and concepts .

First of all , to be able to understand the ideas is to master the knowledge , which requires students to be quite familiar with the fields of knowledge where a great deal of researches have to be done before one could reach such level of understanding .
Through the way of reseaching , students can not only learn the history and origin of such concepts but also gain a deep impression of the knowledge itself .
The knowledge that is totally understood will last a long time and thus becomes the life-time fortune for students .

Secondly , a rough knowledge of facts would n't help students to learn further .
Some education systems ask their students to remember a certain facts on the textbook as a way to learn knowledge .
In this way , students might pass their exams with impressive marks by staying up late to cram through the textbook but there would n't be much knowledge left for them after the test , which to many of them is a massive loss as well as a waste of efforts .
If students have a better understanding of the knowledge , they are able to apply their knowledge to real life and solve problems easily .

Last but not the least , having a good understanding of ideas and knowledges inspires students to go further beyond .
It helps the students to foster a great interest of the knowledge and drives them to `` dig a deeper hole '' .
`` Interests is the best teacher . ''
The mission of learning is to carry on the experience and wisdom of the past and walk farther in civilization .
The inspiration students gain from their understanding of ideas and concepts helps to broaden their horizons , to see the world in a multi-dimension perspect , and eventually to foster noble values and beliefs .

Learning , as we all know , is a life-time experience .
Therefore , it is quite crusial to find the best way to learn .
Apparently , `` burning the mid-night oil '' is not the perfect method that many educators approve .
Teachers should encourage their students to understand thoroughly the ideas and concepts rather than to just learn the facts .
Be a smart learner , not a facts-collector !
This issue raises lots of answers : we have to accurately weigh up the pros and cons .
In a way , it depends mainly on the type of field concerned and of the stakes given by the society .

Indeed , our highly competitive and technological world tends to become more and more specialized , so that specializing in some areas such as information technologies or science in general are very useful .

However , a minimum of competences are necessary in our wolrd nowadays because the general level of knowledge in our society has soared at an exponential pace in the last decade .
So you should have also a broad knowledge .

Thererfore , in my opinion , both strategies are valuable to have a good educationnal history .

Fist of all , as regards the increasing scientific and technical shifts witenssed in our everyday lifes , I cannot help thinking that specialists are necessary .
For instance in medicine , all kinds of progress are made everyday such as in genetics stem cells research or cancer cures .
These must be accompanied with specialization of medical school students .
These progresses are often made in very competitive areas and specializing offers the student a difference with another ones that will allow them gaining prestige and rewards .

Another example would be enginnering , while generalists were very common in the past , a better strategy would be a specialization in one or two single subjects .
Namely , in that highly competitive field , you must focus on one thing at the same time to be competitive and aiming at one single kind of job .

As a consequence , specializing in one subject area brings you a competitive advantage helping you to achieve easier than the others ; especially in scientific fields .

However , on second thoughts , because of that competitivity , we have to build also a broad education .
Putting aside a minimum of competences in other academic fields would disable in a way the student .

In fact , if you are an engineer , you have to learn another competences to be competitive .
For instance the languages such as English or Chinese provide you a serious advantage compared to others who cannot speak these languages .

Moreover , if you are profficient at different academic fields , you have more chances to find a job : it does not restrain you .

All things considered , I guess thet nor the first solution neither the second can really be preferred .
Nonetheless , I guess that a broad knowledge and a litthe specialization allowa you getting out of any situation in your professinnal life after .
Nowadays , students can use all ways to success in their fields but they have to make attention in order to use the efficient way .
That 's why I am completely aggree with this statement '' It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn .
Actually , I think understanding ideas and concepts is more helpfull for students because this way is reliable , it help you to save your time and your memory will work successfully .

The first thing is understanding ideas and concepts is really reliable .
Actually , in order to do a good job at your exam , you have to understand the differents ideas .
Moroever , this process is the first step in the method to learn facts .
For example , a student who learns only facts ca n't have good grades because during his exam , he cannot understand the main ideas , so he will easily fail .
Furthermore , this method to understand ideas can also help you to save your time in your daily life .

The second thing which makes my opinion on this statement is the fact that this process can save your time .
Actually , it can save your time because it will take less time to understand the main ideas of a lecture than to learn something you definetly do n't understand .
For example , you can use more than three hours to learn facts but if you just try to understand what this lecture is talking about , you will know easily how this process is efficient .
Thus , you will gain time to do other thing because you did n't spent a lot of time to catch the main ideas of the lecture .
Furthermore , this process can help your memory to work with more success .

Actually , your memory will work successfully , because you will help your memory to save only the important things .
Thus , you will help your memory to be selective and to work faster than before .
Moreover , you will help your memory to react very fast in front of a situation unexpected .
In doing so undestanding ideas is better than learn facts

In conclusion , i am definetly agree with this statement .
I hope all students will use this method in order to have good grades and reach their goals easily .
I agree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
I support this statement because of the busy schedule of the young people which make them run out of time .

Majority of the young people now a days have busy schedule either with their academics or with their regular office work .
Well because of the heavy competetion in this modern world the yong people who go for schools will have a pressure on them to get good grades in their sections .
To achieve this they have to work hard which consumes a significant amont of their daily time in studying which saps their energy and concentration .
Usually after this hard work rest is needed and no time is left for them to help their communities .
For example when i was studying in my intemediate i was made to study for about sixteen hours a day which made me to ignore the things and happenings around me .

young people working in offices do not have time even to spend time with their family members so how they can help their communities .
They will face a lot of pressure from their heads and upper managment to complete their project and the work in time which leaves them with no time either to spend time with family members or help the community .
An example of this can be taken as the neighbour working in an company who leaves his house at seven in the morning and returns at around nine in the nigt which makes him restless .
He just talks to me just twice a month or so .

In the view of the above stated statements and the examples that the youg people do not have enough time to helping their communities .
I do not agree with the statement .
That is one-sided and not considering the meaning of what is really to `` enjoy '' .
Young people seems that they are more energetic and full of hopes and potentials .
Their interests might be focus only on future .
In a way self-centered .
To them , life seems going forever and ever and never ends .
They are enjoying youth .
Not life .
Some of the younger people , they have n't even lived yet .
Also , life does not always go as you wish or planed .
When you 're younger , you do n't have much patience and it seems frustating .

We do n't live alone , noone does .
Life means including all other people comes in our lives .
As we get older , we realize that .
When you focus on only the future and yourself , how can you appreciate and enjoy ?
I like the old saying : stop and smell the roses .
Surely the future would be always there no matter how old you become but your priority shifts as you get older .
But as you get older you realize what 's matters in life .
People who once realize the priority , more likely to enjoy life .
In most cases it 's the freinds and family in your life because they are the ones you ca n't live without .
Also as you get older you realize what is the quality of life .
In younger days , you would think youth would be there forever then once day you realize that is not true .

I also believe it take some maturity to enjoy life itself .
I know some older people who are retired and not much so called excitement in life going on like younger people but they seems happier and more satisfied of their lives .
Everytime I ask them if they are happy , the answer is always yes .
You 'd be wonder why or how can they , old and boring but they are happy with themselves and knowing what they have accomplished .
They are pretty much content with what they went through and gained some confidence from it .

So therefore , I do not agree with the statement .
It takes some time until you make peace with yourself and your own life .
Older people enjoy life more than the younger people .
While reading the succesful people 's lifes you should probably see that they are the ones who try new things , take risks and try to create and use something different than they usually do .
Successful people , try to create something different , use oppurtunities to do something new in their fields and take risks .

First of all being successful needs the ability of trying new things other than the usual .
Trying new things and creating some ideas make the person to move upwards in his or her career .
For example creators of the '' Youtube '' did something that has not done before .
They find an idea , improve it and create the one of the most successful internet sites which cause revolution in this field .
So being open to new things and able to show the ability to implement this idea makes a person successful .

An other ability needed for being successful is , using the oppurtunities and not to be afraid of doing something unusual .
People often stick with things that are good at , but trying new tehniques and using the oppurtunities to do something new and different , brings the success .

The last thing I like to mention about what brings success is , taking risks .
Other than doing the standart things and taking risks can be very beneficial to someone .
For example , showing the courage to invest in a field that no one has ever invested before may turn out very well .
The risk taker may earn a fortune simply just using the opportunity by taking risk .

In summary , people who are open to try new things , creating something different than the others by using opportunities and take risks are allways become successful at the end .
No matter how hard they try , people who have these qualities will garantee the success .
First , it is important to know the meaning of `` enjoying life '' .
Is this entertainment in its pure form , only constituted of liberal pleasures such as going out , drinking or smoking , staying late up , eat a lot , have sex , or does it mean to find a meaning in life , develop as a human being , have a family and a spiritual life ?

Actually , I think enjoying life can take as many forms as possible , depending on the persons .
Thus , I do n't think it is a question of age .
I think it 's only a question of minding .
Some people are just in the right frame of mind to enjoy whatever opportunity life brings .
An optimistic person will in general enjoy small things one after another , and face difficulties as a challenge .
We all know a negative person , so self-centered on its own problems that he or she does n't see the beauty all around him or her .
And is this a matter of age ?
Certainly not .

But being in a positive minding does n't come in any condition .
It is a matter of needs being fulfilled .
A person whose basic food , lodging , reproductive and affective needs are fulfilled will be a lot more likely to enjoy life .
Health being a main issue in this case , older people may not enjoy life as much as healthy young people .
But again , it is not a matter of age .
As we grow older , our body does not support us as well as it did when we were young .
It is common for old people to have health problems .
Therefore , anyone can be sick , even very young people .

It is known that the poorest people on Earth can be a lot happier than us , rich North-Americans , for they are often part of very close human communities .
By fulfilling completely their need of affection , they maybe need less than us , who have plenty of food and physical comfort , but suffer from an individualistic society where we are often left alone .
First of all we have to define what a successful person is .
In my opinion a successful person is a person who is able to find his perfect role in the society within he lives .
That is , his work and his family According to this definition , it sounds quite logical that a person has to try different roles before settle down and stop searching .
Infact successful people are usually open minded and ready to try different experiences , because the convinction that who dares , wins is really strong , although you should always think about what you 're getting involved in .
If a person is not satisfied of his job , he can carry it on without any satisfaction or try another one .
Sure it sounds like a bet , but the choice of change can radically modify his life , and above all at the and he could say : I 've tried it .

A clear example of this theory can be found in a Casino .
Infact a player must always bet great amounts of money to win a lot .
That 's the risk .
But if the most important target of the player is to get rich , than he has no choice : he 's to bet , and if he wins he 's a successfull person because he has reached his purpose .

Nowadays our society is printed with this convinction because after second world war people didnt'have anything , and so they had to bet on something to get rich .
Here in Italy this convinction is really strong .

The self made man is always admired and respected everywhere .
For example the rapper 50 cent gave the title `` Get rich or die tryin ''' to his first record .
He made a bet , investing all his money on himself and his voice .
No doubt that it has been a won bet .

Sure the other side of the coin is really strong , because if you fail , noone will admire you : on the contrary , you 'll be judged as a failure .
But if someone wants to success , he 's to dare .
The much you dare , the much you 'll success .
I disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I believe that there is no requirement of an age for people to enjoy their life .
I do not claim that young people do not enjoy their life , instead older people do too .

Those who support this statement would say that when people get old , their enthusiasm dies and due to old age health problems set in .
But I would say that once we are old and free from the daily work schedule we actually get time for ourselves , your families , and our friends .
It gives us the time to pursue our hobbies or passions which we could not attend to when we are busy earning money .
We enjoy our grandchildren more than we might have enjoyed our children .
We have the time to take care of our health , which we probably neglected when we were young and busy with work .
We are more mature and more tolerant due to our experiences , and things do n't affect us as much as they did when we were not so understanding in our youth .
We enjoy our hard earned money after working during all our youth .
We have the time to go for holidays with family and see the world which we did n't see earlier due to lack of time .
In youth due to lack of time we miss out on a lot of things which we can come back to later in our old age .
In our youth , we are immature and things that we enjoy are more materialistic .
Whereas , in our old age , having known the world and become wiser we know that true happiness lies in being a good human and being content with what we have .

Old age brings with it , a lot of good things besides a few bad ones , of course .
But being old does not mean that one cannot enjoy it .
There is rarely a time in your life when you are fully content with the way it is going and when all is actually well .
It is all about the attitude that one should adopt to enjoy life not the age one has .
Old people enjoy life as much , maybe more , than young people .
In my opinion one must rather specialize in a specific topic , rather then have broad knowledge on various fields .
It is also a lot easier to gain knowledge on a variety of topics superficially .
While this may give us a lot of information , it will not be helpful in getting answers .

In the past , it was perhaps more beneficail to have a wider range of information .
However , as we continue to advance in all walks of life , it is going to become increasingly difficult to obtain new information unless we dig deeper and deeper in the topics at hand .
This will require a us to specialize in specific areas of study .
We will have to tackle problems at even more minute levels .
We can consider the exapmle of Biotechnology .
This field traditionally included the subjects of molecular and cell biology , and the basics of biochemistry and physiology .
Today however , biotechnology spans areas such as particle physics , high speed computing and even biomechanical engineering .
It would be virtually impossible to have information about all these branches .
Moreover , the only way to excel at these topics would be to specialize in them .

The need of the hour is collaboration between individuals in specialized fields .
with a high level of specialized knowledge .
On a more personal front , I feel than a persons self worth is perhaps elevated when he/she masters their field of interest .
It seems rather easy to gain broad basic knowledge as it is so readily available .
With tools such as the mass media and specially the internet , it will be even simpler to do so .
However , specialized knowledge will push us to think in newer directions .
Collaborative efforts between specialists in different fields will help us decipher several vexing problems which currently have no answer .
Overall , it will give rise to newer and beneficial technologies .
An only through specialized study can we be a part of this revolution .
I firmly agree with the opinion that it is more important for students to learn how to understand ideas and concepts than just learn facts and data .
It may be true that facts are basic for a successful academic career , however for all the rest of the human beings it is just personal enrichment .
It may also be true that learning raw data is a very rewarding experience , but again I would suggest to focus this desire on more stimulating and challenging activities .

First , facts are much easier to forget than ideas .
I am sure that no friend of mine from school will remember all the names of the rivers in our country , but they maybe can remember why the PC has been so important in the development of our culture .
Therefore , it is much more useful to learn something that you will not forget than just have a hard time with nonsense tough data , which you have to read over and over because it does n't have any logic behind !

Second , in our work we hardly use specific facts .
But we certainly use ideas , concepts , arguments and logical discussions .
At least I do in my consulting job .
I have learned to structure my thoughts and put into practice improvement levers simply by understanding and applying ideas , not by remembering facts .

Third , facts can be looked again and again in books whenever we want .
Nowadays , there is no problem in finding information .
We can just connect to the Internet , make a search and find it right there .
When I do n't remember a formula , I just do that .
Google is my good friend when I have memory loss .
Maybe other people just have a neighbour that knows it all or a teacher who is an expert in that field .
I could go on saying that what the world lacks are good ideas , revolutionary thoughts that can improve the society we live in .

This last idea leads me to my final argument : facts are part of the past while ideas are the raw material of the future .
The formula of a circle has been invented many years ago , but how we will beat cancer is a pending subject and only with good ideas we will suceed in this matter .
We should be engaged in providing an outstanding ideas-focused education to the future Einsteins .
For instance , during my education in high school in the USA I experienced a quite different approach compared to the European one .
We should foster this type of education .

Summing up , my opinion is that students should learn what will be useful for them and for the society as a whole .
Consequently , managing concepts and with their interaction reaching conclusion is much more productive than memorizing loads of books .
From every travel , what we get at the end are just a group of memories .
Events , things learned , people met , and lots of specific information that may be with us until we leave this world .
A tour guide is an effective and excellent way to ensure a quality trip , and what better than a great trip with friends and family !

My family is a huge fan of tour guides and is obsessed with traveling always together .
`` We all go , or nobody goes '' my mom usually says when somebody is planning a trip on his own .
They always say that the trip is not even worthwhile without the two key ingredients : a good group and a good guide .
I sometimes wonder myself if they would rather leave me and take a guide to all of the trips we have made in our lifetime .
I have to say , regardless of the weird obsession my parents have for guides , I agree with them .
Having a guide helps you understand the history and the people of the place you are visiting .
You can get recommendations for good places to eat , fun parks to visit , and interesting museums and shows .
And best of all , share all this with the company you have !

On a trip I made to Europe two years ago ( obviously with every member of my family ) , I went to see a city that hundreds of years ago had been covered in lava , and completely destroyed .
The first thing my father did when we arrived at thhis amazing place , was to look for the best guide he could find .
I think regular parents first take a look at the place , read something about them , and probably go buy the tickets to enter ; but not my dad .
In less than five minutes he came with a spanish guide that had studied history in a prestigious university , and spoke around six languages .

Although I make fun of my parents ' obsession , I have to say that in every trip we make we have the best tour guides a tourist can possibly get .
I should probably thank them for getting the best out of every place we visit , because that is really priceless .

In conclusion , I would like to say that groups and guides are an incredible combination for every trip .
It gives you people to talk and have fun with , and the touch of history and education we should all receive .
Some people think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , i disagree , i think there will be more cars as cars are very succesful investment , it is very important way of transportation , and it is a wonderful tool to enjoy your life .

First of all , cars are succesful investment , every one knows well that these factories that producing cars earn millions of dollars every year , these factories are in great competition with each others they do their best in order to produce unique , stylish cars in order to sell more and more cars and so earn more money , every year we find hundreds of new models from different countries , such a competetion is increasing every day and so cars increasing also .

Another imporatant point is that cars is considered as one of the most imporant transportation , if you have your own car you could go to any place at any time taking your family members with you and it only costs you the price of gasoline , such a job would be so diffecult if you decide to use another way of transportation such as bus , taxi or train , it would cost you more time , money and more efforts , as a result car is considered as essential need nowadays and so it `` s number is markedly increasing .

In addition to have a car means you could enjoy your time , you could out together with your friends and go to any interesting or exciting place .
you could make a tour on your city , you can visit your friends whose houses are far away from yours , as car s are considered as a way of entertainment , it become a comon gift at these days , i cant deny that the most important gift i have ever received is the car i received from my father at my graduation day .

I think in twenty years there will be more cars in use as factories produce more and more cars in order to earn more money , and as our need of cars is markedly increase either as a good way of transportation , or as a gift .
A key to answer to this question is to think about the different pourposes of study .
Certainly , a specialization in a specific academic topic is essential to do any research .
First because the specialization brings to a more deep knowledge , and then to a better comprehension .
Besides , if you want to say any orginal thing concerning a subject , you will have to know almost all has already been done or written .
In this sense , a focalized study is foundamental .

On the other hand , if you want to reasearch , a broad knowledge is surely useful .
Your mind will be more open , and outside of your topic you will find diffent approach to problems that can help you .
You will may also bring ideas from other fields to your specific one .
You will be able to use the analogy to resolve you problems , that is a very powerful method .
From these observations , is surely better not to specialize .

If the pourpose of the study is merely to stay in the world with more instruments , a person that has studied many different topics will be more cultured .
So he or she will be in a better position than anyone that has n't studied or that has studied only one thing .
It will also be more difficult to betray him or her .

Whatever are your pousposes , if you do n't stop studying , you will be always curious , and your brain will always be active .
Concernig this , there two other reasons that support the idea of not to restrict the fields of interest .
Once you have read all has been written on you topic , will you be able to start studying a different subject , or , on the contrary , you wo n't ?
It is known that any different topic involves a different part of brain ; it is vital for the development of the whole brain not to specialize , but to learn about very different subjects , like music , literature , sciences .

On conclusion , is better not to spend all you efforts on only one topic , but to study how much subjects as you can .
It will help you in your work , in your life , and will keep safe longer your brain .
Specialization as opposed to a broader knowledge base is an argument that has been long debated and has produced diverging opinions throughtout the course of recent history .
Personally I have an ambivalent opinion on the subject .
In fact , while specialization , and in particular scientific knowledge related specialization , has probably given a major contribution to the pace of scientific development , it is also true that scientist whom are overly specialized often fail to see the larger perspective of their work , which is also detrimental to scientific development .

Another point in favour of the broad knowledge base argument is that it determines a greatly flexibility in the employment of the person in question .
In fact , being already aquainted with the rudiments of many disciplines , the learning time is greatly diminished .
The learning time is not only diminished because of the previous skills aquired in that subject area , but also because a broad knowledge base increases flexibility in the brain processes .
If a nuclear scientist were asked to market a new product , he would probably spend more time learning how to do it than someone with a less specifically oriented education .

On the other hand economic theory tells us that specialization has a positive effect on overall welfare .
The example of Adam Smith is clear and simple .
If for some reason we were in need of nails we would have the choice between buying them and making them ourselves .
The fact is that by making the nails ourselves they would probably cost us more than buying them .
On the larger perspective it is clear that specialization benefits the whole comunity , because each person does the job he is most efficient in .

The reason why my opinion is ambivalent is that in today 's world there is both a need for specialization and flexibility , and it is still unclear which one of the two needs will dominate .
Actually , it is not my belief that it is better for an educated person to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
In today 's changing society , it is far from enough to be just an `` expert '' .

When we watch television or read newspaper , we think that to have an expert talking about a subject is reasonable or even that only the expert has the authority to talk about the subject in public .
Based on this psychological effect , we tend to support the idea that the society should produce more `` experts '' , so that people will get more reliable information from the media and their lives .
However , when it comes to education , it will be a bad idea for the students nowadays .
For example , I 've always wanted to be an simultaneous interpreter .
But being an interpreter requires a lot more than the knowledge about translating .
He has to know `` something about everything , and everything about something '' .
If he has to go to a conference which is dicussing the oil crisis .
He has to know the basic information about oil , all kinds of oil in fact .
Therefore , a successful professional should n't be limited in the arena of his specialized subject .
Otherwise , his success would n't last very long .
For example , if you are an employee working for an insurance company .
The basic rule for you to success is that you know how to sell .
That is a skill that involves with a lot of other subjects .
You 'd better know how the hospital works , so that you can sell your insurance to its patiences .
Then you need to know what kind of patients can make protential customers and what kind of patients can not ( like those who have developed uncurable disease ) .
So , after years of studing in college , if you know nothing other than what insurance is , you are definitely doomed .

So , in my opinion , being an `` expert '' is not a bad thing , but what we really need in today 's challenging world are people who have their specialization and also the broad knowledge about the nature and the society .
Man has invented various modes of transport , right for very invention of the wheel , to move from one place to another .
The want to reach his destination faster and easier has made him invent machines and roads that would serve his purpose .
The car , an invention of the 19th century , has brought in a paradigm shift in the way he travels from one place to another .

Today , a car has become a part of modern world that it would be difficult to imagine commuting to work or going on a holiday on your own with your family without a car .

I for one would n't agree to the statement that in twenty years there would be fewer cars in use that there are today .

Though , almost all cars of today run on gasoline , which is a fast depleting resource , we have developed technology to aid us find oil reserves both in the deep seas as well as in the middle of the dessert .

Also , some Japanese car manufactures like Honda has invented hybrid cars that run on alternate fuels like Hydrogen .
These cars are known to be very eco-friendly and not emitting the polluting gases like carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide as in the case of internal combustible cars of today .
Though hybrid cars are expensive being a very recent invention , over the years , these would be accessible to people at large at affordable prices .
Thus , the problem of for oil & gas reserves would become less important .

Moreover , due to the large number of cars , we do face other problems like noise pollution and heavy vehicular traffic in many international cities of the world .
These problems are being addressed by building super highways for people to have a smoother ride to their offices and homes .

In conclusion , with cars having become ubiqutous as of date , it would be difficult to imagine roads having less traffic .
However , I do n't disagree that with well maintained , sophisticated public transport system and stringent state laws , vehicular traffic can be substantially reduced as in the city of Singapore keeping in considerations the above said problems of depleting oil reserves , increased air and noise pollution and heavy vehicular trafic in the cities and towns .
I do not think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today for two main reasons .

First , if we look at the actual trend , more and more cars are in use .
I think that in twenty years a lot of people that can not afford to buy a car today will be able to do so .

Underdevelopped countries are a case in point .
They have been excluded from the car market for a very long time because they were no potential buyers .
But now , many countries go from rags to riches and are able to buy cars .
China or India , for example , will be major potential buyers in twenty years .
Tata , an Indian car brand , is on the rise with incredible growth rate .

The same goes for poor people in developped countries .
Cars are getting cheaper , and I believe that this trend will continue .
Today it is possible to have a new family car at $ 5000 .
Logan Renault is a good example .
And what about in twenty years ?
Maybe the starting price of a car will be under $ 1000 .
Then much more people , such as students , will be able to buy cars .
But it is true that , at the same time , runing cars is becoming very expensive .
This brings me to my second point .

On the face of it , the price of oil is rocketing which makes cars expensive to use .
But on closer inspection , cars use less and less oil .
I hope than in twenty years few cars will still work on oil .
Cars will use other forms of energy such as vegetable oils and why not water .
Technology in this field goes very fast and many changes can occur within twenty years .

All in all , I think car companies are still on a thriving market and therefore , there is little chance that in twenty years thre will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Many people believe that succeeding in a specific subject will result to the success in one 's career .
This is not the case , however .
I believe it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects to succeed in life .
Knowledge is crucial , so knowing more is always better .
Examples of my opinion can be found in everyday situations .

First of all , in school , all-round students get better grades overall than students who do well in one subject and not so well in the rest .
In fact , schools promote that students should be aware of all subjects .
The students will then use the concepts they learn in school for real-life purposes .
Gaining more knowledge from different academic subjects results in a better understanding of different perspectives .

For example , if a student plans to go into business , he or she must learn the mandatory courses such as marketing and economics .
However , mastering in those courses does not guarantee that the student will become a successful businessman or businesswoman .
If the student has a broad knowledge of other academic subjects such as psychology or mathematics , he or she will know more about why a business succeeds or not and how to prevent a business from failing .
Though these courses are very different , knowing the general concepts will aid the student as it gives him or her different approaches and perspectives .

Another example is if a student wants to become a doctor .
Finishing medical school is just one step in becoming successful .
If the student does n't know the basic concepts of how to set up a clinic , then how will he or she perform his or her practices ?
Again , business and medicine are very different subjects , but knowing both results to better success .

In conclusion , having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than specializing in one specific subject .
Students are lucky to study many subjects in school because not only will they be aware of more perspectives , they can utilize all concepts in real life situations .
More knowledge leads to more success .
I strongly opine with the statement that it is best to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
If you visit a new place , it is always better to consult a guide since we will be ignorant about the historical information .

There are lots of benefits when you have a travel guide around .
The guides will have vast amount of information regarding the place .
For example , they could give you historical significance of the place or any other important reasons for the fame of a particular place .
It would be of no point in visiting places when you are completely unaware of its significance .

And also , the guides will have vast knowledge about the places around so that we will not miss any of them and repent later .
It is also convinient to interact with people when guides are around .
There could be huge linguistic difference and also cultural difference .
Also , there are all possibilities of getting cheated by people when you are a foreigner .
Usuaully , the guides are multilingual and hence there are no chances of getting cheated .

In India , a south asian country , there are many historical places famous for its magnificient architecture .
There are stories depicting their significane .
It would be of no point if we look at the work without any knowledge about it .
It would merely be a piece of work .
But instead if we know the story behind its significance , we will be in a position to appreciate the work .

I could give a good example to support this point .
One of my friends had been to a historical place in India .
When she returned , she told me her experiences and the work she saw .
She did not feel anything special about it .
I then , explained the significance of the place .
It was then she really appreciated it and felt that she should have known it then .
She then appreciated the culture and did further research on the topic and the culture .

Hence , i feel that it is always better to have sufficient knowledge while visiting any place .
The question I want to discuss about is whether young people enjoy life more than older people .
This questions plays a not unimportant role , since the average age of especially western communities chang dramatically and today 's young people are more and more drawn into the corner of a fun - generation .

But what is meant by enjoying live ?
People of different age groups have different definitions of enyoing life .
Young people are constantly facing more problems about their personal future especially concerning money .
Since a lot of young people ca n't be no longer sure to have a secure working place , many young people try to push this problem aside , by covering the left spot with activities that might distract their view off the actual problems they have .
So they often lose the focus on how to solve their problems by positioning themselves in a world , where everything is about fun and joy .

At first , this might work , until the person realizes , that fun and joy cannot happen without money .
At this point young people can go in two different directions .
The first group may focus back and concentrate how to get back on track while the other group might be trapped in a vicious cyrcle of wanting to enjoy one 's life , but having no money to do so and also not beeing able to get any money the legal way .

Older people on the other hand are more experienced and since almost everybody of them , especially here in Germany , is affected by World War II , they value the things they posess more than a person who has not gone through anything comparable .

But if an older person can enjoy life or not , depends on his or her possibilities to do so .
Illness or death of one 's partner might easyly avoid to enjoy life .

But even if you are healthy and have a working partnership , you still need money to fulfill your dreams and to enjoy life for instance by travelling different places in the world , buy your favourite TV , etc ...

And that is the point where the arguments about young people and old people come together .
I think , that you ca n't finally say that young people enjoy life more than older people .
To enjoy life you need to create a basis which allows you do develop your personality and your self-actualization and this does not depend on whether you are old or young .
I agree with the argument that within twenty years the number of cars in use will decrease compared to the current situation for a variety of reasons .
To begin with , almost all of the people who are using cars and even public transport to go to work , and surprisingly even the ones who rarely goes out , complain about the overabundance of cars on the roads .
A lot of cars mean a lot of traffic and noise , hence a lot of time spent while trying to get to one place from another .
Those factors put stress on people and so make use of cars an undesirable thing for them .

Secondly , people are aware of the fact that extensive use of cars cause air and noise pollution .
That probably explains why some citizens had already left big cities for out-of-city areas where there is few pollution and noise .
As people become more conscious about the environmental effects of extensive use of cars , I guess they will give up driving and shift to alternative ways .

Another reason , which is connected with the reasons I mentioned about so far , is the increasing investment of local governments and municipalities on public transportation .
Subway in that sense is a good solution as it brings the heavy load of traffic underground and allows for quicker and safer transport for people .
As public transportation network becomes wider , people will give up driving for a shorter and safer time on roads .

And the last reason I want to mention is the rapidly increasing price of oil .
For the last couple of years there has been a sharp increase in oil prices because of global economic situations and the Iraq war .
Furthermore , the oil resources are not as much as to meet people 's demands for many more decades .
As a result of those , the increase in oil prices becomes inevitable .
Because people 's budgets do not increase at the same rate with oil prices , they will use their cars less , eventually causing a decrease in the number of cars .

In the light of the reasons I mentioned above , I believe that people will shift to public transportation and finally the number of cars in use will be fewer than today .
As far as I am concerned , I think young people enjoy life more than seniors do .
There are two reasons to support this idea - health , and society .
First , young people are passionate and healthy .
Since they are healthier than older peole , they can more travel or do activites than older people do .
Older people get easily tired and need the rest , because of that , it takes much more time for seniors to travel or do activites while healthy young people do much more activities .
Also there are many activites that require a good health such as sky diving , soccer , and so on .
Since these activities are difficult for old people , they cannot do or enjoy these activities even though they really want to do those .
So there are many limitations to older people .
However , many young people with a great tenacity can enjoy aggresive activities and can do in a long period of time .

The other reason that young people can enjoy life more than older people do is society .
In society , there are many businesses making many entertainments .
The problem is that their targets are mostly young people , teenagers or ages of twenty to forty .
The reason is young people usually make money , however old people usually retired from their jobs and became unemployed .
For example , movie theaters , or amsement parks are usually noisy and are packed with a huge number of people which are the exact conditions that many old people do not like .
By time goes by , many companies emerges to the society and they produce many entertainments for young people , not old people .
Therefore , there are getting less things to enjoy for old people .

Some people may think that older people and young people equally have chances to enjoy their lives .
However , due to the fact that young people are healthier and more make money and society does not care for older people in entertaiments field , I think young people are likely to live in enjoyable lives .
With the swift and tremendous development of industry , people are making every effort to enjoy life .
In the mean time , the industrial growth also brings huge damages to human living conditions .
The air pollution produced by over use of vehicles is a warn that people should cut down on the application of them , which leads me to believe that in 20 years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

To begin with , the abuse of cars has caused severe environmental issues .
Many people have been in possession of cars for quite a long time .
They travel by car , go to work in a car , and even discuss commercial transactions in the moving status since it is an efficient way to promote the dealings .
However , it is commonly realized that gasoline consumption may lead to undoubtedly serious environmental problems including but not limited to air pollution and infectious diseases concerning lung functions .
The gas emitted by the engine is a detriment to human living surroudings , which can damage human lungs , limiting the function of breathing to carry adequate oxygen to every part of huamn bodies .
On the other hand , such emitted gas can drift in the air for a long time possibly becoming the excellent medium for the growth of bacteria .

Furthermore , nowadays , more and more people are wary of the problems caused by cars .
People , aiming at sustainable development , are undergoing a lot of measures to control the damages .
Scientists are conducting experiments to evaluate the results of car produced gas .
Service workers are promulgating the latest or maybe recent findings of them to guide people in a correct direction -- decrease the use of cars .

People can also enhance their health by other alternatives of cars .
They may practise their strength and endurabililty by riding or running in stead of driving .
In this way , people force themselves to use their own muscles and energies which is a both economic and effective way to improve their health and weight loss , a popular issue , may also be realized .

In a word , in my view , use of cars will become less and less in 20 years in that it results in rigid environmental damages , and people may become healthier by abandoning cars despite that cars without gasoline consumption may be produced out in a mass since the use of cars may increase human weight , causing a lot of problem relating to blood pressure and heart functions .
I agree , to a large extent , that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
But let us have a look at this phrase from a different viewpoint .
Specially , the young people do not have enough time for themselves so the deal comes that where can they find time for helping the communities .
These days young people tend to be busy with their other sources of entertainments , other medias of time spending etc .
But these are just excuses of a sort and the real matter is that may be how busy a person is he/she can always find time to do what his/her preference is .
So basically the young peoples mind have transformed to this extent that their beliefs pertaining to community helping are the lowest priority ones .

For example consider the extent of this phenomena , that if there is a party or a live match of some sport , it is priority ` level one ' .
And the priority level for community help/service basically never comes into picture .
This is what we call as a modern world .
Where people are connected through mobiles , e-mails and chats , but what is the status or problems that the first door neighbour is facing we have no idea .
We would prefer asking about our friend 's health on mails and chats but when it comes to visiting them in reality there arise a lot of other problems , like time constraints and conveyance problems .

So the same is the case with the young people nowadays , they would like to remain in connection with a lot of people and make friends with as many people as possible but only on chats and e-mails .
But this is just the primary effect of the modern world on the youth , there are other serious effects also .
The prime one of them is that the young people have lost the capability to adjust with people of all ages and cultures .
They believe in only one group of friends they are living with and there is no body else they want to care about outside this group .

So reluctancy on part of helping the community comes automatically as a effect of the modern world 's leisures .
But is this effect a mass phenomena .
In one sense yes .
But not in all cases there are people in the young generations also that believe in community and social work culture .
But it can be observed that this kind of people are quite rare and not commonplace .

Though our culture and texts are filled with lectures on group-functioning and team-work and social upliftment but seemingly it is very distressing to see that the kind of tools that the modern world has provided to this generation are making them divulge of their own duties .
But as they say that nothing is permanent and hopefully this culture will also come to an end and the people will start thinking and will soon realise the importance of helping the community since problems do not come to a community it comes to a person and the community shares it .
I disagree with the statement made , I strongly feel that young people do spend some time by helping their communities .
they also play a primarilly role in this issue thereby doing the work ethusiastically .

Primarily , i would state that nowadays the young people are advised in their schools and colleges to their communities to grow & they give lots of valuble suggestions based on their experiences .
thus the young people with this information use their creativity to help the community .

Furthermore , the communities & their organisations have started conducting plenty of meetings then previously done .
Thus they also state the current problems in the community and nurture the future generation with valuble suggestions based on their experience and they also encourage the young people to paricipate in these issues .

Consider an example , which i have experienced during my young days .
Once there was meeting arranged by our community and a was problem stated regarding helping of disabled people in the community and adults gave some money to help them .
But we young people helped these disabled people by helping them to cross the roads , and also assisted them whenever the needed some help .

In addition to the example mentioned above , we also had another accasion where we were given some job by the community members , i.e they had problem regarding the increase in pests like mosquitoes & we helped them by pouring sand in places where water tends to stagnate , as stagnant water is the main cause for breeding mosquities .

Finally , I state that Nowadays young people spend enough time to helping their communities than done before .
thus i conclude by saying that the young people play a primary role in the developement of a community
In the last 20 years the number of cars in use has increased a lot , thanks mainly to economic development and technology improvements .
The car industry has , as consequence , improved a lot in terms of security and modern cars need less fuel than in the past .

Given the bigger uncertainty and instability that are today present in the world , both from the political side and the economic one , is not obvious what will be the future developments .

There are many reasons to believe that the number of cars will decrease , especially in Western Europe and USA .
For example , I think that the traffic and the pollution levels that have been reached in many modern cities will not sustainable in the longer term since they effect negatively the overall quality of life in most richer countries .
In addition , the current trend of the cost of petrol makes the use of private cars everyday more expensive .
In this context , a well organised public transportation service would solve these issues by reducing the usage of private cars .

On the other hand , it is likely that economies of countries such as India , China and Russia , will continue to grow at a sustained growth rate .
This means that , expecially in India and China , where the population grows impressively fast , the number of cars will increase as well .

The future of the car industry is another reason for which the number of car may not decrease in the next years .
In fact , both in Europe and in the USA the car indutry is a very big and important contributor to the countries wealth , because it employs a large number of people .
It is fair to believe that governement will help these industries to maintain their importance to avoid any social crises .

In conclusion , I think it is very difficult to predict what the future will be .
Too many uncertainties are present in our world today .
I also think that a reduction of the number of cars , even if unlikely to happen soon , will strongly improve our quality of life .
It my belife that whole purpose of education is to train the mind to appreciate , comprehend and eventually implement new ideas and thoughts that come along through the course of one 's life .
Hence , it is essentail not only to understand ideas but to have a will to try and understand ideas .

Unfortunately , we now live in the `` techno-age '' , where is it prime only to deliver , irrespective of how you got to the end result .
Results are of paramount importance as people and businesses have lesser time to spare on details and subtleties .
However , to deliver results effectively and efficiently is it important to know the facts , and to know them well .

Let me try and demonstrate this using the following example .
A students sits-up all night studying for an exam on the ` Indian struggle for Freedom ' .
She feels passionately for the subject , understands the emotions at play and reasons due to which one event led to another .
But , on the day of her exam , she is stunned when she looks at the question paper .
She has been asked questions requirring her to state dates of important events and names of revolutionaries .
She however , was so mesmerized by the determination of the revolutionaries , that she forgot to memorize their names !
Now , although she maybe able describe the freedom struggle as a story , her description will be inaccurate , leading to a low score on the paper .

In conclusion , I 'd like to say that , although learning facts can be as or more difficult than understanding ideas , it is important to be able to do both .
I will go a step further and say that , today everyone is expected to understand ideas and concepts .
What differentiates a winning student from the others is the knowledge of hard facts and a knowledge of how to implement them .
Advertisement has been widely critized for giving wrong information to consumers .
Therefore it is a common idea , with which I agree , that advertisers make products seem much better than they really are .
Numerous reasons explain the motivations and reasons to such a behaviour ; the defintion of marketing and the asymmetric information between producers and consumers .

First of all , to justify the statement , let us focus on the aim of advertising .
Adverstisers create ads in order to attract the largest part of consumers they possibly can .
That is to say that an effective ad is one that can make consumers believe that the product is worth being bought and of course consumed .

To that end , advertisers will naturally emphasize all the good aspects of the product in order to compound the bad ones .
Fast food is a fine example of this strategy .
Indeed , while all you can get from a fast food advertisement is its tasty picture and its low price , nothing is mentionned about the fatening potential is encounters .

This manipulation of the consumer is of course unethical and that is one of the reasons why advertisment is critized .
However , it is explainable by what an American economist named Steven Levitt calls asymmetric information .
This theory arguments and justifies my agreement with the essay statement .
What Levitt calls asymmetric information points out the fact that advertisers have a considerable advantage compared to consumers which is information .

Indeed , adverstisers have all the information they need about the product they work on .
It is therefore their prerogative to choose easily among those informations the ones they want to keep to make their products seem much better than they really are .

In that way , we can say that consumers are victims of such asymmetric informations .

Because of the aim of marketing and advertisers advantage compared to consumers when it comes to information , most
One of the main reasons why I dislike the Italian scholastic system is that teachers pay more attention to illustrate the cronological sequence of historical facts to their students rather than to discuss what there is behind these events .
Therefore if I were asked to answer the question : `` Is it more important for students to understand concepts and ideas rather than to learn facts ? ''
I would say `` Yes '' .

I sincerely believe taht students should concentrate their attention more on the ideas that form the basis of the events rather than on the events themselves .
In this essay I will illustrate my point .

First , I sincerely believe that there is no point in learning facts , dates , and names by heart .
Obviously , everyone should know when some important events ( such as the world wars , the American or French revolutions ) have happened but what we really have to care about is why they happened and what kind of consequences they have had for us .
Only if do we answer these questions we will be able to understand ho we are and to learn from past mistakes .

Second , it has been claimed that we tend to forget dates and names more quickly than concepts .
as a result , I think that it is no good forcing to force our mind to remember things that we are bound to forget in a very short run .

Third , learning facts might turn out useful to get a good grade at school but it will not have any positive practical implications .
What we have to know to keep up with times is the ideology that every period is based on .

To sum up , I think that it is more advantageous for everyone of us to learn concepts and ideas rather facts since it can help us to achieve the full consciousness o
I do agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
This is because by thinking about myself and friends around me , I cannot find many young people , who are interacted to the community a lot .
I believe this culture change is happening worldwide and considered it is usual these days .

When my grandparents are young , they said they remembered that their parents were interacting with the community deeply and felt normanl that they had to live in that way .
At the time when my grandparents are little , the Wordl War II was happening therefore , strong bond in the community was needed more than nowadays .
Young teenagers were there to look after the little children and help the old people .
That was something they all had to do in order to survive .

However , as the war ended and my parent 's generation was born , there was not so much situations needed for people to stick together because that was the only way to survive .
My parent 's said that they remember that their parent 's tell them to care about community and help them since that is how their parent 's grew up but my parent 's said that they never really understood why .

I also do not remember my parents teaching me to interact with community and spend time for it .
This can be because in my 17 years of life , I moved more than 10 times because of my father 's job and every time I moved to new community , it was hard for our family to join easily .
So we were kind of giving up on this kind of culture .
Even if the person never moved around so much , I believe not many people like to interact with community because people became colder about the connection with different people .

In western and some parts of eastern countries , the cultural change in religion was also significance to this change .
In old days , religion was strict and if you are christian , you had to attend to mass every sunday .
However , nowadays , attending to mass is quite free and not many people critisises you if you do not attend to the mass .

However , it does not mean that spending time for community is wastful because people are acting in this way .
Human beings cannot live without interacting each other and it is very imporant to be a well being and help each other without benefits .
It is very sad that nowadays young people are not spending enough time for community and for our future , we should connect with people more and create comfortable community .
I do n't agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I 've experienced both types of traveling , group tour led by a tour guide and individual trip which is planned and scheduled by myself .
Both goup tour and individual tour has pros and cons .
Group tour is typically much more easier and convinient for those people who do n't have much time to prepare for the trip and who can only spend a few days for the holidays .

And for older generation , it is way more comfortable especially because they do n't need to worry about the transportation and the hotels when they are in abroad because the tour company provides with the transportation and places to stay at night , and as those travel agencies get a discount it could be even cheaper for the travellers when they use a group tour with a tour guide .

And also for the different language and the information of the places they are visiting , the tour guide could give much help for the people in a goup .
These are all the beneficial things for the goup tour , but there are many inconvinient and unconfortable things when you are traveling in a group .

For example you ca n't visit the places you particualry like to visit , and you always need to follow the group of people and the tour guide who 's holding a flag to indicate where to follow .
And they are always in a rush , so it makes it quite difficult to enjoy and relax in your favorite spot .
As the group tour provides you a cheaper tour package , you are to stop by many of the shopping centers and souvenir shops which even reduces the amount of time you could enjoy for something else .
Waiting for other people in the group to arrive is another concern .
Sometimes it takes forever for them to come back to the bus to go to the next place shortening the time they could spend in a tourist attraction .

On the other hand if you travel on your own , things could be more complicated but at the same time you get to see more and learn more .
First of all , you have more memories with more experiences .
You can learn and study a lot before actually going to the place where you are going .
And I believe that it 's also a part of the travel .
It could be quite exciting imagining what to do , see and eat and where to go !

Second , you can pick the places in accordance with your own interest and you can explore and travel around at your own pace and desire .
Third , the best thing I like about traveling on my own is that I get to meet the local people and friends from other counties who are also traveling on their own and we can share the information and become friends !
It can be a great joy while traveling .

And last personally as I 'm a young person , I appreciate new experiences and it 's quite difficult to be patient when I just have to follow a group of people when they are going to a place where I do n't have any interest in visiting .
Such as shopping centers or souvenir shops and other boring places .

Organizing where to go and what to do on my own is way more enjoyable than merely following the scheduled plans with other people .
And that 's why I do n't agree with the idea that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
It 's just an easy and confortable way to enjoy traveling .
For me , the best way to travel is to travel by myself or with someone I like !
I agree with the statement , partly .
Broad knowledge of many academic subjects is great , but focus on a specific subject is also very good .
I think it depends on your age and your position in the company .

When we are in the middle schools , it is better to have broad knowledge .
A teenager do n't know exactly what they want .
They may be eager to become a famous singer in the moring , and carzy about the idea of being a scientist in the midnight because of a sweet dream .
And everyone 's interest may change in the long run .
When I loved the computer games in my 14 years old , I wanted to be a game designer .
In every dream of mine , I studied computer science in a famous high school .
I attained the Blizzard Entertainmet Company ( The most famous company which presents pc-games ) .
I was the only focus in the E3 ( the greatest pc-games conference ) .
But now , I lost my interest in pc-games .
Being a doctor is more attrative to me .
If I put all my passion on computer and gave up my schoolwork , no doubt I was regrating for that .

But when we are in univercities , we should choose a subject to study .
Today , no one can handle all knowledge .
Everybody should know something deeply and corporate with others .
As old chinese saying goes : `` You know everything , you know nothing . ''
If you do n't have your specific subject , you will find no job .
Because everything you can do , there are many people who can do it better than you .

Not only your age , your position in the company also determines whether you should have broad knowledge or specific subject .
If you are the manager , you should know something about economics , administration , and the products you provide .
But if you are a staff , you should care about what exactly the company want you to do .

So we can get a conclusion : both board knowledge and specific subject is needed , just thinking about which is better for you .
Advertisements are everywhere .
They can randomly get to you in a supermarket , in the streety , at your workplace or even in your car and in your home .
Posters , television , radio , newspapers , and even the internet - all the mass media - are concerned , as most of them rely on advertisement to survive .
There are so many ocasions to come across advertisements that it is even easy to let oneself be convinced and seduced by one of them .
Has n't it happened to all of us ?
But what about the products themselves ?
Have you never ever been disappointed or felt betrayed by advertisements ?

Over the last decade , advertisements professionals have developed an increasing number of sophisticated communication strategies to make the consumers buy their products .
Advertisements make us laugh , they make us cry , and brands mark our mind and influence our judgment .
Were we to listen to advertisers , all products would be of the best quality .
It is true that consumers can sometimes be tricked into believing that a product is better than it really is , but the advertisement executives cannot really be blamed for it .

Consumers play the game .
Brands are signals to them , which they use to shop quicker and to which they are often faithful by principle .
Consumers altogether also form a consumer society .
These consumer society spread information and often condemn misleading advertisements and products , which quality is not what they expected .
In short , consumers are an active alive community , which members communicate with each other .
During the American presidential campaign of 2004 , the Heinz company - somehow directly linked to Democrat presidential candidate John Kerry - tried to take advantage of the campaign by making its tomato sauce a political symbol .
Buying Heinz tomato sauce became a sign of partisanship .
`` Everybody back to the bus please ! ''
The voice of the tourguide was as distressing as the shrill sound of my alarm clock on a monday morning .
We had had only five minutes to look at the exibited Apollo rocket , when we were called back this way , off to the next sight .
The short drive was made unpleasant by the overly obese neighbor , who spilled into my seat and pressed me against the glass of the window .

This is , how I remember my trip to Cape Caneveral in Florida on a guided tour , one of a group of 24 tourists .
Not an enjoyable memory .
Some people like to travel that way .
I think that traveling in a group led by a guide is almost a guarantee for a regrettable experience .

First of all , you have to do what the guide tells you .
The plans were made under consideration of the special logistics and economics that a group brings with it , by people you do n't know .

On a trip to spain I took with a group , I was not able to visit a church I had read about and which interested me .
Instead I had to go to a so-called `` spanish evening '' ( in spain ! )
to see mediocre flamenco dance and eat less-than-great paella .

Then , of course , you are constrained by the time table that was set for the group .
You can not linger around a sight that fascinates you .
No , you have to rush off , in order to check off another item the agenda .
A friend of mine told me how he was rushed through the Tower of London by his tour guide , although he really wanted to spend more time there to connect with the circumstances of the prisoners which were once held there .

And , above all , you do n't chose your travel companions .
The behaviour of other group members is sometimes the straw that breaks the camels back .
The perfect example herefor is maybe the movie `` Trains , plains and automobiles '' .

All this should make it clear , that it is better to travel with people one knows and likes .
And to make one own 's plans .
Wether it is better to have a broad or a specific knowledge depends esentialy of the point of view : if you are looking at the society general interest or at the individual interest .

Eficiency is one of the main argument in favor of knowledge specialization , because it is certainly harder to master a great variety of topics than to focus on a narrow topic .
Specialization is one of the main reasons of the great achievements of modern Science .
Today 's scientists are capable of very complex theories and projects because they are all very specialized .
A botanist would not mix with quantics , because he would loose some time in getting the basis , whwn he could have developed a little further a study on a peculiar animal behaviour .

So for Science and more widely for the human race specialization is better .

But as human being and individuals we need equilibrium which is achieved only throught a wider horizon of knowledge .
If your goal is self fulfillement then you will be better of knowing a large panel of topics .
That is why during our elementary and most of our secondary studies we are studying a large panel of fields in order to get a solid background on which people can build their minds .

And it is valable even in the scientific world , when some of the most extrordinary discoveries have been made throught interdisciplinar studies .
Like mixing ordinary chemistry with biology you discover the extraordinary possibilities of using one to dicover more of the other .
You can dicover some intresting molecules in some animals or plants and you can better understand how the brain works if you know chemistry .

I will end this essay by saying that a solid background of knowledge is necessary , and only then you can specialize in your own field .
I can agree with the statement .
But we can not see the matter from a single point of view > there are in fact two contrasting forces governing the number of cars in the world .

On one hand , we have Western industrial country .
Their whealthy life style has to face the problem that the increasing cost of fuel creates > actually many countries use more fuel than how much they can produce .
For this reason , they buy petroluem by Saudi Arabia or Iraq , who can produce a lot of it .
But its cost has widely increased in the last years due to the tensions that terrorism and the Isralian situation created .
Moreover , as a non renewable resource , its quantity will decrease over time .
For this reason , I think that in the Western countries the number of the cars will decrease in the next twenty years according to the increasing of the cost of fuels .

We can-t forget that in the other hand there are the newly indutrial countries , like India or China .
This countries experienced in the last years a real industrial revolution that brought their whealth to increase .
As a consequence , the new middle class in this countries began to use its new economical power to express its social status , like the middle class of the Western World did before .
In this new trend , having a car was no more a need , but a symbol .
But this brought them to face a problem they never faced before , that is the air pollution created by a car .
In these countries in fact , and specially in China , this problem has led to physical hillness in the last few years , and in my opinion it will increase in the next .
So we could see a decrease in the number of cars in order to resolve this problem , or at least we could see the same scenario of the Western World to which developing Nations could be brought by the increase of oil demands .

According to all these instances , I think that , for different reasons , there will be fewer cars in use than today .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people to .
While I would concede that older people are more likely to be struggling with health problems or to have experienced hardships over the course of their lives , these factors are not exclusive to older people .
Moreover , one can enjoy life inspite of such negative experiences .
Given the right circumstances , hardships paradoxically might increase your ability to enjoy life .
If you have a positive attitude , misfortunes can teach you - at any age - to value the good things and the happy moments , to count your blessings .
If , on the contrary , you have a pessimistic outlook on life and always find something to complain about , you will experience less joy in life , regardless of your age .

In addition to age , other outside factors , in my opinion , also play a much smaller role than is commonly assumed .
At first glance , enjoying life would seem to come easy to people that are in good health , independently wealthy and feeling loved by a significant other or a close set of friends .
But on second thought , when we try to remember the times we have felt happy and enjoyed life most , what come to mind are usually little precious ( and fleeting ) moments in time that had little to do with money , for instance .
None of these positive outside factors hurt , of course .
Nevertheless , I am sure we have all seen friends with chronic illnesses and empty bank accounts having a blast , while others have a tough time finding joy in seemingly rich and full lives .

All in all , I disagree with the statement because enjoying life does not depend on age or other external factors as much as on one 's personality and attitude .
A little lucky star , of course , does not hurt .
The rapid growth in the usage of cars , especially in the last ten years , has caused lots of both social and environmental problems to increase ; however , because of the facts that there is an rapid increase in the world 's population , the people are getting involved in several issues within a same day due to the increasing challenge , and that the car is known to be a symbol of so-called ` prestige ' , I believe there wo n't be fewer cars in use ; rather an increase in the amount could be expected in twenty years .

First of all , the rapid increase in the world 's population is unfortunately can not be prevented in most of the countries .
If we just think of the case that the world economy will not undergo severe damages in twenty years ; then it is a clear fact that the more the humans born , the more the number of cars that will be used will increase .
If the newly built up , wide roads are taken into account , we may even say that the demand for cars will increase in a considerable amount .

Secondly , the life challange has accelerated for people during the last years , making them get involved in several tasks even within a single day .
For example , you could imagine a mother who has has the following tasks to do in a single day : Bringing her little son to school , then going to work , completing lots of issues even by going somewhere else to trade and finally going back to her son 's school to get him back for the guitar lesson that he will have .
Without a doubt , she will prefer to use her own car , not the public transportation in order to accomplish her targets in the fastest , most comfortable and convenient way .

Finally , in today 's world , it is unfortunately a fact that the cars are seen as prestige elements for the lives of certain people such as bussinessmen or youth .
They think themselves to have obtained a certain degree in public if they use their own , expensive , luxurious cars .
Although this is very nonsense for a lot of us , we can never skip this fact in the increase of the cars within the next tewnty years .

As a conclusion , though the use of public transportation and so the decrease in the usage of cars will solve most of the transportation , traffic-jam , sociological and environmental problems ; it comes out to be a fact for me that ; there will not be any decrease in the usage of cars within twenty years according to the problems of rapid growth in population , increase in the life challenge and the prestige that is thought to be obtained by using a car .
In the past , knowledge was not valued and spread as it is nowadays .
The people counted on their working capacities to ensure their food and necessities .
In our time , it is becoming , more and more , a necessity to be well educated , otherwise your opportunities to get a respectful job are very limited .
Manytimes , we appreciate those specialized people who can cover all the surounding criteria in a certain subject more then the people who have diversified their knowledge .

Both broad knowledge and specific subject knowledge are in need in our society and each one is characterized by a different set of benefits .
Specialization in one specific subject is a must in the research centers , in the universities and in the research development departments of the big companies .
Those persons are characterized by a very different and accurate knowledge in some fields which can lead to minimize errors and could lead to some creativity of new products or research methodologies .
Generally speaking , those people can find jobs much easily in the developped countries like the U.S , Canada , France ...

For example , if i will be able to get a PhD , most probably i will not return back to my native country since the opportunity to work for such qualified persons are very limited .
So before deciding if i will apply to this i should accept the next decision , which is to continue my life abroad .

Although specialization seems to be very good , many job opportunities in the developping and under developped countries can not hire such persons .
For them , such persons are considered as overqualified employees and they do not need their additional knowledge that they have gathered through their specialization .

They are mostly seeking in persons who can do many jobs in the same time .
So at this level , a person who has a broad knowledge of many academic subjects would most probably welcomed since he will be able to work on different and this exactly will satisfy the needs of the managers .
I give the example when i was working for the first time after i have my undergraduate studies as agricultural enginner : The manager accepted me , but not a master degree student because he is not ready to pay a little bit more for his knowledge ; he did n't need his qualifications .
Later i figured out that the manager hired me not just because i am an agricultural engineer but because i have great computer skills and because i have got some extra courses in marketing .
So my diversified knowledge permitted to me to get the job , while the other person , who has a master degree in agriculture was not accepted .

As a conclusion , both of the two concepts is valued ; we have always to weigh the benefits of each , clarify our needs and goals , and then to choose between specializing in one specific subject or trying to get a much broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
The question whether or not being in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel is first of all one of age .

If you are old and insecure , the days of adventure and exploring are long behind you and you only feel safe when you are with at least ten other people , it might just be the right choice for you .

If you are going to a country so foreign that communication with locals is impossible , you do not know what you can eat or drink and the wildlife is a mystery to you , travelling with an experienced guide can definitely be an advantage .

But then again ...
If you travel this way , you might just miss out on all the things that make travelling so exciting , unique and worth your while .
Not being able to communicate with natives in the country your in is definitely a huge disadvantage , but if you 're polite and patient and do not act like the king of the world , you might just find your best friends that way .
People that will show you around , show you the interesting spots far away from all the sightseeing , people that will cook food for you that you ca n't experience in any of the westernized restaurants picked by the travel company .

Travelling without a tour guide also enables you to make your own schedule .
You like a place - you stay .
You do n't want to spend 5 more minutes in this town - take the next bus south .

On the downside the freedom of travelling on your own time and schedule always means travelling on your own expense .
So it is possible that a guided tour will turn out to be cheaper than the self organized trip .
This does whatsoever entirely depend on your trip .

One of the great advantages of travelling with an organized tour is security .
You know where you 're going , you know what you 're going to do , you do not have to make any decisions , you know how much you 're going to pay for your vacation .
These are , despite my sarcastic undertone in the introduction , good reasons for travelling this way .

It 's a tough decision between travelling comfortably or taking the risk of backpacking around the world .
Unfortunately most people have more to worry about than just that .
If travelling is an option , meaning it being financially possible for one , the decision between those two entirely depends on ones preferences and standards .

I would personally always take the adventure of exploring a country on my own over the boredom of a guided group tour .
I hope to keep this attitude for as long as possible .
But who knows how long that is going to be ...
There are many examples in history which prove that risktakers who tried out new things often were exceptionally successful .
On the other hand many stories prove the opposite and too much risk caused great dispair .

Within the following text two men shall underline these examples : Henry Ford and Napoleon .
With a short summary of what made out their live a conclusion with my own opinion finishes the essay .

Henry Ford had a vision and ideas to let this vision come true .
He wanted to achieve such a cheap car , that it becomes affordable to everyone .
He knew how to minimize costs of production and calculated very well before starting the business .
One can say that he had a dream but was not a dreamer and estimated the amount of risk very well .
Also in the aftermath , the success did not ruin his sense of reality .
Ford continued being realistic and careful .

An opposite example is Napoleon .
He especially loved to be rich and successful and therefore accepted almost each risk .
He invaded countries and was the biggest warrier of his time .
But as he became too mighty , he lost his natural given angst .
He became unconcius of obvious dangers .
Within his wish of never ending glory he lost everything and had to life in exile .

Consequently , I agree with part of the statement above .
Successfull people defenitely achieve innovations or do unknown things .
But to be successcful for a long time , it is neccessary to never lose control about a business and never forget about realistic risks .
and conditions .
Often , those who reach high aims become blind for their environment and are only driven by the willingness of achieving even more .

I think it is absolutely important to carefully estimate the own talents and gifts and to be true to oneself .
I do not support the idea expressed in the statement .
I cannot think of any clear or evident reason to think that fewer cars will be in use on the near future .
However , I can present three reason why I think car use will , at least , state as it is in the present time .
The reasons are directly related with the car industry and car customers .

To have less cars in use , less cars should be sold , and that trend cannot be seen happening in the near future .
Nowadays it is common to have at least two cars at each household , and even more if there are young adults in the house .
Young adults see cars as providers of independence and social prestige , so it will be hard to change their buying need .

In addition , young adults are not the only ones that think that cars and independece go together , adults think that way too .
Workers are used to commute and travel short distances by car .
Improvements at public transportation by city administrations are not changing the behavioural pattern of city commuters .
By my experience in Spain , I think that most of the people that use cars , drive them to go to work or to the city , and this behaviour just seems to increase , not decrease .

Environmental pollution and gas price could be two other reasons to decrease car use .
However , none of those reasons seem to affect the market .
The car industry is focusing its efforts on research to apply `` green energies '' to cars .
Electric cars or hybrids are starting to be common on Nordic countries and some regions of the United States .
I also hope that this type of cars will be more common when their price decrease .

In relation to last statement it is the problem of the oil price .
Experts and ecologists thought that the actual rising trend in oil price will make people more sensitive to car use and especially in the moment of buying a new automobile , but this is not happening nowadays .

I think that the reasons I have presented support the idea that car use is not going to decrease in the near future .
If oil price have not helped to change the car use pattern , I think it is ver hard that any other thing would do it , especially in twenty years .
Due to the very fact that the Question Statement entails a broad generalization , I must disagree with it , as generalizations normally look inaccurate to me .
Notwithstanding , I would like to provide some personal insight in order to explain why I also disagree with such statement due to the fact that it looks , from my point of view , totally misleading .

Although we can find very different enjoyment levels in those persons around us , young people do not necessarily enjoy life more than older people do , and vice-versa .
I acknowledge the fact that there are really happy young persons , but just as much as I acknowledge the fact that there are also lots of really happy older persons .
I do believe , however , that both populations groups enjoy life somewhat differently : - While young people tend to have a more active lifestyle , generally doing more exercise and having a more intense social life , older people seem to have more sedentary habits , usually prefering to stay at home longer hours and also increasing the amount of time they spend with their spouses or families , at the expense of the time dedicated to social activities with non-relatives .

- Another difference that can explain why young and older people lifestyles differ so much is the level and nature of their responsibility .
Younger people can usually enjoy themselves without having to worry too much for anybody else , as they do not normally have children or grandchildren to feed and take care of .
On the other hand , older persons are generally responsible , at least partially , for the education and the welfare of their offspring , which although entails quite a bit of time and effort , is often regarded of as a very rejoycing experience .

- Last , but not least , the level of physical and mental health has also a great impact on both young and older people .
While the former generally enjoy stronger and healthier bodies that help them carry out and enjoy more intense physical activities , the latter are normally considered to be wiser and more experienced , and therefore better positioned and endowed to enjoy the quieter pleasures that life offers and fight the battles that it often presents .

The above reasons help me explain why young and older people can enjoy life equally , despite having very different lifestyles !
I agree that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
Being young myself , i can mirror my experiences and provide reasons why young people are not giving enough time to help their communities .

First of all , its a competitive world these days .
The day the child is born , the parents of the child start preparing a road map for their child and before the child can understand anything about life he is on his way to reach that perfect goal .
In the run for that ultimate achievement , he gets so occupied in his own struggle that he forgets that there 's a community also which needs his service .
As he struggles harder he gets more and more self centered .
In the fast pace of todays world , when everything is getting nucleated , people are loosing touch with each other and that is one big reason the young people are finding less and less time to help their communities .

Another similar reason is that as the world is becoming smaller and globalised , people are moving from their native places to newer destinations for jobs or personal reasons .
This shift makes them loose touch with their communities as they struggle to get absorbed in the new place .
With successive generations , they get farther and farther from their native culture and community and at the same time they do not feel one with the new community they become a part of and because of this reason they are not able to contribute fully to the new community also .

Furthermore , there has been a degradation in morals these days .
The spirit of community over oneself has given way to more selfish aspirations .
One factor that I would ascribe to this degradation is lack of interest on the part of parents to teach their children properly and give them lessons in community work .
As the parents themselves are occupied in their life they forget to teach their children a lesson or two about community service .

Finally , there has been a growing tendency among youngsters to look at the government for welfare work .
They feel it is the government 's duty to help in the development of communities .
They do not actively participate because of their expectations from the government .
What is required rather is a more active role from young people in helping their communities and realising their duty towards the community .
The advertisement is a way to promote a product with the goal to sell it for the price you gave him .
In this definition is an obvious answer to the subject : advertisements have to make products seem much better than they really are to be efficient .
But today the advertisement is not only focused on the product itself , also on the image of a brand .
Those two are different ways to promote and sell a product , and therefor are different answers of the topic .
both of them will be studied in a paragraph .

The advertisement that promote directly the product is generally a demonstration of its efficiency , its power , etc .
Advertisers are obviously attracted to make the product seems much better than it really is .
It can work if the product is anyway the best of its category or for a certain period of time .
But if the customers discover a controversial `` truth '' about the real capacity of the product , the lie of the advertisement will be a very bad promotion and will result to an image of a firm not capable .
For example , Sony promoted a lot its computers with advertisements that show them very powerful .
Unfortunatly , their batterie was deficient , so Sony has now to call them back to change them .
The image of Sony is now affected by this problem , and moreover because the advertisement lied .

The second type of the advertisement is when the brand only try to give herself an attractive image instead of trying to promote a specific product .
For example , the Coca-cola company does n't promote directly its drinks , but try to give an image that is attractive for the customer .
In this kind of advertisement , there is no need to give a false image of the product because it is only the brand that will attract more customers .

To conclude , I will say that the different ways to promote a product and the problems they each carry show how the topic is too general to be a true statement .
The main issue graduate students face just after their studies is the choice between gaining a more broad view of the business world or specializing in a particular field with academic studies .

The real problem is that in the real business world we must be ready to face different choices , and we need a broad knowledge of many different subjects .
Therefore , gaining experience and knowledge on different fields by studying different subjects and working for different companies can give a competitive advantage , that can be described as flexibility .
The second solution , on the other hand , is important because a deep knowledge of a particular subject can result in a competitive advantage as well , that can be described as non-sostitutability .

Both arguments seem to be contradictory , but taken together can result in greater opportunities in the the corporate world .

I would say that essentially both are relevant : a worker with a very broad knowledge of many different subjects will find several opportunities in many companies , but his/her limited specific knowledge on a particular matter may result in being overcome by more skilled colleagues .

A specialized worker can be considered as an asset , but as his/her specialization goes out of business , the worker will not be able to suit new roles .
This can be considered as a lock-in effect .

Let 's consider , as an example , the Internet Era : with the new e-commerce some managers with a broad knowledge of different fields could exploit that opportunity , resulting in successful strategic choices .

Very skilled managers with a very focused knowledge , let 's say just on a standardized pipe line , could not exploit the Internet Era opportunity due to the fact they were missing some crucial skills .

At the same time , a very specialized worker like an electrical engineer will have an advantage when his skills are particularly requested in a particular sector .
With the Internet Era , a lot of computer engineers found several opportunities .

In conclusion , I think that in order to be a skilled and successful worker , a person should have a broad knowledge basis on many different academic subjects , and a specialization in the particular field where he/she is interested in working in .
Along with changes in generations , induviuals beliefs , thoughts , and reasoning changes .
I have seen generations right from my great grand mothers age down to my little sister .
For me the defination of enjoyment holds a lot of significance .
Enjoyment according to me is a state in which an induviual attains `` ultimate happiness '' in what ever he or she is performing .

I completely disagree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
To say that young people do not enjoy life comparitively is false and incorrect .
If the defination of enjoyment remains stationary , then so does its impact on peoples life .
The only difference arises in th eway people percieve and interpret it to be .
Enjoying and relishing life to the fullest can be accomplished in several different methods .
To enjoy life one doe not have to be of any particular age limit .

My sister often asks my grandmother to go and enjoy her life and not sit in front of the television box the whole day and eat .
But my grandmother often tells her that for her the television and food is her ultimate sense of enjoyment .
For my sister to party and go out everyday with her friends is her source of entertainment and enjoyment but for someone whose old may look at it in a different way .
They may say that this girl is spoilt she goes out everyday , but that is her sense of enjoyment .

The difference clearly lies in the way people interpret it .
But according to me my grand mother is enjoying her life as much as my sister is and she loves her life to be the way it is .
By watching television it does not make her inferior , she recieves as much as joy and happiness as my sister does by going out and partying .
there is no consise defination of enjoyment my grandmother is expressing the ultimate sense of happiness she sachieves by doing teh deeds above which is basically her defination of enjoyment .

Yes , the generations have changed , technology and science have advanced a lot into this modern world of ours .
But emotions , feeling and the ways to express it have all remained the same .
It is important that the young generation begins to value and respect the emotions and the methods of expressing them from the older generations .
Thinking about this statement I come to the conclusion that this statement is actually nonsense and impossible evaluate .
The first problem of this staement is that it is much too broad .
In order to be able to evaluate on the topic one first has to narrow down the age groups in question .
What is meant by `` younger people '' ?
What is meant by `` older people '' ?

If `` younger people '' means children of , for example , 3-5 years of age and `` older people '' means their parents then I fully agree with the statement .
If one has ever observed children in kindergarten they seem to have no worries .
They can play and meet their friends and ususally everthing is taken care of for them by the parents .
The parents , on the other hand , as already implied , have to take care of everything : They have to work in order to be able to buy everything necessary for every-day life , such as food and clothing .

The situation changes when the children get to school .
They have duties to fulfill such as attending the classes and doing thier homework .
This all virtually eats thier time they used to spend for so many other nice things .
Any adult would say now : `` Oh , if I could just go back to school again ! ''
However , it is not about the adults here but about the children 's perception .
In the eyes of children school can be very anoying which leads to them not enjoying their life as much as they used to .
To which degree they do not enjoy it cannot be answered here .
It cannot be answered , either , whether they enjoy it more or less than adults .
This is dependent on many more factors , probably most importantly personal perception .
It is in everyone 's own view whether one enjoy 's life or not .
Measuring and comparing joy is rather impossible .
Thus , generalizations should be avoided , also because each age group has own worries as well as each society .
Children as well as their parents in Europe have to worry about different things than children in Africa , for example .
A proof for which age group in which society is the happiest one is probably impossible to produce - if it was , the result would probably be rather astonishing .
If we look at official statistics of the industrialised and developing world , we immediately realize that the number of cars has been constantly increasing over time .
In some cases the growth rate has increased too .
Therefore I would be tempted to say that I disagree with statement .

However , a more careful analysis should be performed .
For instance , we should take into account that public transports have become a must in several cities in the world because parking space is limited and there is so much traffic that it would be impossible to arrive at work on time if people went by car .

A lot of countries have given a lot of incentives towards more environment-friendly means of transportation such as gas or electricity-powered ones , reducing the price for tickets .
At the same time a charge has to be paid to enter the center of a lot cities .
Therefore there are elements that could certainly discourage the use of private cars and encourage the use of public transports .

Up to here , we have talked about the use of public transports within cities , but similar arguments could be made for long-distance journeys .
Low-cost airlines have spread out throughout all Europe .
High-speed railways are being built and there are a lot of high speed trains already in operations in Japan .
All these technologies responds to a particular need , that is the possibility of moving faster from one town to another in a very short period of time .
This , for obvious reasons , cannot be achieved by using a private car .

For instance , in order to come and take this test I took a high-speed train from Naples to Rome which takes only one hour .
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning , I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome .
I had no parking problems at all and this evening I can attend my best friend 's birthday party back in Naples .
Probably , by using my own car this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .

In conclusion , if I follow the line of reasoning above I have to agree with the statement .
Using alternative means of transportation to cars is more comfortable in many occasions and it is becoming more and more comfortable over time , then the number of cars should decrease in twenty years .
Students who learn to understand the methology of a certain process have enough capacity to quickly identify and solve a problem , eventhough changes were done in the examples used to explain the new topic .
I agree with the fact that states that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
It is more relevant when a person solves a problem by understaning every step done , than by following all the process by memorization .

For example , a mechanical engineer student who is taking the course of Statics has a better probability of getting better grades if he understands all the main concepts of the class .
Teachers explain the theory in problems very different from the ones utilized on tests .
So , when a student only learns the facts about the stresses applied to an object with certain geometry , he will not be able to answer the problem if the teacher changes the geometry of the object on the test .
The student should be able to understand how to apply the related concepts in any given situation .

In my own experience , I can apply this statement to one of my hobbies , playing golf .
Two years ago when I started practicing this tricky but fun sport , I needed two take classes every week .
My teacher always remembered me about the importance of doing the movement , `` swing '' , thinking on it , not just doing it automatically .
This concept helped me a lot to understand my mistakes during the swing .
So , this left me the reflection about understanding every step of the movement and not just doing it mechanically .
After some time of playing golf , I learned that when you just learn the facts and do not analyze them , you start repeating the same errors without identifying them .

As a conclusion , this two examples showed the importance of understaning ideas and concepts over just learning the facts .
Understanding the concept give you the ability to easily recognize any error .
Cars an efficent and comfortable mode of transport available to people today .
I do not believe that in twenty years time , the number of cars will reduce .
Their usefulness is immense and thus it is improbable that they will be replaced by alternative modes of transport .

However , it is quite likely that cars as we know them today may not be quite so popular twenty years from now .
This could be on account of several reasons .
Of course , human need for better and better products will drive invention and cars will become smaller , faster and more efficient .
However , the fuel prices might also have a major role to play in determining the types of cars in existence .
With petroleum prices going through the roof , it is quite likely that the major fuel would shift from being petroleum to electricity or some other renewable resource .
It may be argued that public transport being cheaper , would become the preferred mode of transport on account of rising running cost of cars .
However , it would not do to underestimate human ingenuity .
I believe that we are innovative enough to find new and better ways of running our cars so that they still remain an attractive proposition .

Also , the population of the world is increasing .
Also , it is increasing most rapidly in developing countries like China and India where the buying power is also simulaneously increasing .
With increasing population and buying power , the demand for the number of cars would rise .
Therefore , I think it is very unlikely that the number of cars twenty years from now would be fewer than today .

There is also the issue of infrastructure required to run cars .
Many people might argue that with increasing number of cars , the existing infrastructure of roads , highways etc. would become overloaded and thus dissuade people from buying cars .
However , I believe that with the developed world , the issue of infrastrucutre is not major and in the developing world , infrastructure projects are just taking off .
Therefore , twenty years from now , the developing countries are going to be much better equipped to handle the increased number of cars .
Hence , this would not be a major issue to car buyers .

Thus , I believe that all factors indicate that the number of cars is going to see a steady increase .
Therefore , I think that it is quite unlikely that the number of cars in twenty yeras will be fewer than there are today .
Since the times of the renaissance , people ask the question if it is better to have a vast knowledge in as many fields as possible or to be one of the best in a single subject .

I believe that the rennaissance-man , a person who knows a lot about many subjects , like Leonardo da Vinci , still should be the ideal for all of us - even if this might sound a bit outdated .

There are three reasons that make me think that it is still wrong to specialize in one specific subject .

First , there is my personal situtation .
As a lawyer , it would be a big mistake for me to concentrate on only one single subject .
If i want to win a case in court in - for example , a case where technical questions are to be considered - it is not enough to just know about the law .
You have to understand the technical issues as good as possible .

Second , since most people tend to specialize , the allrounder can have a big advantage .
He is not part of the big crowd of specialists .
He is different .
And there will always be companies who want to hire somebody who is able to look at a certain problem from another angle - something the specialist simply can not provide .

Third , specialization can lead to boredom .
The one that has to deal with only one specific subject for all of his professional life is likely to become frustrated for not being able to do something else for an instance .
And because people change over the time , doing something is what many people desperately want .

Da Vinci was an artist , a doctor and an inventor to name just a few of the fields he was working in .
He always was given a job as far as i know .
He was able to merge his artistic talents and his knowledge of the human body - something a specialist , taught in only one of these fields , would be unable to do .
And there are no reports that Da Vinci ever got fed up with what he was doing .

Therefore i believe that he , who had vast knowledge of many academic subjects , still would be better up in modern society than all of the specialists .
Yes .
I agree that in the near future the number of cars that are in use will be lesser than that of today 's car count .

The first reason for my agreement with the statement is that the world 's economy is growing at a faster rate and technological innovations are immanent within the system .
This might result in an efficient , cost-effective , superfast railway network which connencts an urban area like a labyrinth .
The main emphasis is given to urban ares in the previous statement because they are the ones that have more number of cars than the rural areas usually do .
The state-of-art technology might drive the communers to use the railways as an alternative to using cars .
This might lead to less number of cars in next twenty years .

There is a general concern over environmental pollution especially on air pollution .
The main contributor to this air pollution is the smoke produced from the exhaust of the car engines .
The awareness toward this pollution might reach all the citizens of the urban areas and make them realize the importance to reduce the pollution .
As a result they might seek alterantive means of transport apart from cars .

Consequently this awareness might urge the citizens not to use cars in the near future .

One of the major concerns in the modern society is the cost of the petroleum or gas .
It is so high that people are hesitating to use cars even now .
As the natural resources of the earth are limited and the use of oil consumption has been very high despite its cost , the situation in twenty years could be marked by lack of enough oil for transporation .
Obvioulsy this would inhibit people from using the cars if there are no other alternative fuels for cars .

In twenty years an exotic , efficient and impressive machine might be invented .
As humanbeings , who always want to try out something new , would feel prestigious if they were possessed with that exotic , impressive machine .
Again this might lead to decrease in number of cars in twenty years .
I mainly agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Firstly , I wolud like to mention that there are different types of students .
Each of them learns in a different way .
Therefore it is not surprinsing that there is also a group of students that only learns facts , without being interested in how and why scientist , historians or authors thougt about and invented facts and things we learn about nowerdays .
Some of the students admit that they are able to keep facts in mind but that they are not able to understand logical ideas and concepts that lead to these facts .

Secoundly , only learning facts or also understanding the ideas behind them depends a lot on the subject a student studies .
For instance logical thinking is necessary for a mathemathiks students but not for a history student .

From my point of view understanding the ideas and not only learning the facts is always important , no matter what the subject is .
Furthermore also in subjects that are mainly based on facts such as history or biology there might be questions about the reason for a certain development or the students might even be asked to tell their own opinion considering speculations about future developments in these field .

In this case the students who also know about ideas and concepst are much more likely to be able to give a good answer than students who simply learn the facts .

Another important point is that nowerdays students are very keen on getting to know the resons for certain facts as well as solving problems they eventually have to deal with in some tascs , especially in practical subjects such as chemistry and physics .

Moreover students who only learns the facts , learn them for a specific test and forget them afterwards .
But students who learns the facts and also the ideas and concepts often keep them in mind for year so the things they have learned may helf them also in far future .

In conclusion I must say that I consider the learning of not only facts but also ideas and concepts is the more effective way of learning and is therefore prefered by most of the students .
I think that , the young people dont give enough time for helping their communities .
As the most people accept , the life has changed considerably and this causes some changes on people characteristics .
The effects of this change can be seen on the issue of the helping the communities .
The following consideratoins can be accepted to as a causes of this change

Nowadays , young people dont have sufficient amount of time to deal with the social occurances .
Young people have to participate an educational institution and they have study for their courses and this take a huge amount of time .
For the sake of the success on the life , young people have to dealt with their education , After the school life , these people encounter a job life and again this period spends a too much time of people .
As we see from this life conditions , young people can not find enough time to take part in social activities and they try to participate more preferable activites in their free time ,

The second consideration is that the young people encounter a huge amount of competition at the recent time .
As you guess , the high level of competition affects the thinking of the people and this makes people to less aware to issues that about their communities .
In the school life and the job life , young people spend a big amount of effort to reach better position and this increases the selfish level of young people .
These people only think abount better position , better education and finally more money and this is the opposite of the expected results .

Eventually , we can say that young people will be less involved in the issuses about the social life at the future becuse of the recent life style .
The people who lived in 1700 , less involved in education and the ecenomy .
Therefore , they were more involved in social activities , The level of the competition was less at these years and so people respected more to other people and the issues that are anbout the community .
We have to decrease the level of the competition and the working time in order to increase the involving level of the young people to issues about the their communities .
I agree with the statement because to me undeerstanding is the most important factor in learing for univerisity .
The first reason is that if you understand an idea it is easier to remember it and the idea stays in mind longer than than a learned fact .
Secondly I find it important to be able to apply the learned knowledge to other situations and study areas .
One should be able to adopt the learned features and work with them .

Understanding is very important for ideas you have to remember not only for a specific examination but for a long time .
They stay in mind because you can imagine how the idea works .
Although you can be sucessful in an exam just by learing the facts you will not be able to remember them later .

The most important reason why I prefer understanding is that facts which are understood can be adopted to your work .
For example an engineer who knows how to build an engine but does not understand how it works will never be able to invent new feature to the engine , but someone who undestands the priciples of an engine will be able to improve it .
This can be easily transferred to any other subject .
So a psycholigist has to understand the theories of disorders , e.g. a depression , in order to help his patient .
If he does not understand it he can only tell the patient more details on his disorder but cannot transfer the information to the individual .
So this doctor is no real use to the patient because the patient can easily find these information in books .

If you understand a certain technique it is easy even to transfer it to completely different study field .
It can help you to learn and understand even topics which are not related .

The given reasons are only a few reason why understandind is the more effective learning method .
Besides there are many other advantages of understanding ideas .
So for example learning can be a lot more interesting when you understand the ideas .
It can be motivating and learning can be more fun .
I disagree with that stament .
Younger people do not enjoy life more than older people do , they just enjoy it in a diferent way .
Younger people still have the energy to do a lot of things older people cannot do , such as swimming and running and staying up with friends partying , so they enjoy life with a big group of people , often their friends from school and neighborhoods .
They also usualy do not need to work and worry about payments and loans and all of the problems troubling the older persons , they only need to worry about education and their future , so they tend to play games like football , soccer , baseball and basketball , and have hobbies like swiming and riding a bicycle , going to rock concerts and dancing .
Older people enjoy life in a diferent way simply because they no longer have the time , or energy , to do the things they used to do .
They are too responsible , too caring about the example they set for their sons and the time they give to them , to remember that they , too , need a moment for themselves .
A grown person has to worry about diferent issues , like working and paying for all of the things they use , about not being a bad example for their children , and about their education , among other things .
So an older person tends to have fun with their husbands/wives and children , people from the neigborhod and jobs , but often in smaller numbers , and they tend to enjoy and remember the little details more than the younger people , like that time their sons started to walk , or when they said their first word , or that time away from the kids and alone with the loved one .
They tend to have more patience , and have hobbies such as model-building and collecting things from their youth , and they tend to play games like golf and chess , and they remember past experiences .
I do not concur with the statement .
I believe that the old people enjoy life more than the young .
The defination of enjoyment is important in this case .
Enjoyment is being stable , happy , doing the right things , being liked and to be in a balance state of mind .
This qualities are abundant in the old .

The young are in the illusion that enjoying life is going to parties , bunking classes , neglecting studies etc .
But this is not enjoyment but mere pleasures achevied preceived to be enjoyment .
The old have there own ways of enjoying life .
For them going for a walk in the morning , following strict diets and having discussions is a form of enjoying life .
This kind of enjoyments are good for the person concerned in the long run and can be considered as enjoying life .
For example a young person drives fast and considers to be enjoying himself but there are more chances of him meeting with an accident whereas a old person drives slowly but still enjoys his drive and reaches his destination safely .
Now if you think from the teen perspective he is enjoying and also from the old he is enjoying too but the enjoyment of life is defined by the old who is safe and good .

The conclusion of the discussion is that both the young and the old enjoy life .
The young might have more fun and enjoyment but the young 's idea of enjoyment is false .
The old might have less fun and frolic but his idea of enjoyment is true and clearly defines the idea of enjoying life .
This way there is a strong contention for old people enjoying more life based on the defination of enjoyment in life mentioned above .
I agree that that it is more difficult to assimilate an idea unless there is a good example to support it .
In order to make them reachable , ideas and concepts should be followed by real facts taken from everyday 's life experiences .

To illustrate with an example , a concept such as ` freedom ' has a very broad meaning and therefore it may be difficult to categorize and confine it with a few sentences .
It should be presented with examples from different places around the world , related to people with completely different cultural backgrounds .
Important facts that changed the course of the history should be given .
The first major movement that started in the name of freedom is the French Revolution .
It changed the face of the world in a very positive way .
This would be an excellent example to explain the fact that freedom is essential for anyone who wants to live his/her life proudly and respectfully .
Everyone has a right to make his/her own decision and respect other people 's decisions .
Also , one should have the freedom to express him/herself .
There should be a tolerance and respect toward different opinions .
Scientists , writers who are killed violently because of their opinion should be given as examples to illustrate the danger when one overtakes another 's freedom of expression .
With freedom comes another concept which is ` equality ' .
This idea can also be supported by many historical events that took place and still take place .
People with different races , religion and culture should be treated equally .
There should be no judgements on peoples ' opinions based purely on which religion or culture they belong to .
Unfortunately , even today , we see many examples of inequality .
Every day newspapers are full of them , and I think a professor will have no difficulty to show students a few facts illustrating the examples of inequality .
Does age really make a difference towards enjoyment ?
Is it only the young who can enjoy and not the old ?
Enjoyment is a feeling which every human being experiences .
Each person whether young or old can enjoy in different ways .
Enjoyment has no bars however the type of activities one maybe involved in to enjoy may differ .

For example , for a young person going to the disco or pubs may be a form of entertainment and enjoyment , however for an older person just reading a book , watching television or going for a long walk may be more satisfying rather than going to the discos .
But not all young people would do this as a form of enjoyment .
Due to ones maturity and age , older people may not like to be around noise or for medical reasons , they may not be able to drink at pubs .

A person who is old is unable to do things that a younger person can .
For example a young person may like to go rope climbing or bungee jumping to enjoy him/herself .
An older person may not be able to engage in such activities as he/she may not be physically strong to be able to do so even if he/she may really want to .

From the above examples , it is visible that there are certain activities that an older person may not be able to indulge in due to their age or physical situations .
Each ones form of enjoyment may differ , not everyone who is young may want to go to a disco or pub .
A younger person may also like to stay at home and read .
Hence its not only the young who can enjoy , its also the old who can enjoy in their own ways .
Hence age should not be a factor towards enjoying life !
Lets live life to the fullest since it is short !
I totally agree with the statement that having a knowledge on many subjects is better than specializing on one subject .
The world now is growing fast and the diversity in all fields is maximizing .
In such a new and modern world specializing in one subject can be challenging .
Fields which have once been thought to be in isolation or independent are now requring support from other fields .
This interdependency has given raise to more sophisticated companies which require people with a minimum knowledge in many important fields .
This has a lot of applications .

A multi national company ( MNC ) is the best example of a place which require people having knowledge in many fields .
In an MNC there are various levels of work .
Let us take an example of a Human Resource Manager .
His work is to employ new people suitable to the firm , monitor the progress of projects and constantly deal with economic issues of his form .
The above three tasks require aplication in various fiellds like to employ new people he must first basically understand the needs of his firm .
This requires him to have a knowledge in the field of firm bussiness requirements .
Next to monitor a project he should know the platform on which the project is being built .
For this he needs to have some skill in the computer languages .
Next to deal with the economic issues of the firm he must atleast know the basics of the laws of bussiness running .
Thus a level-3 worker like a HR manager requires a knowledge on three totally diverse fields .
If this is the case with a HR manager then we can easilly understand the requirements a CEO needs .

Even scientists need a knowledge on many different fileds other than thier own subject .
For example a physics scientist needs to know mathematics for calculation in physics .
He needs to have grip on topics like trignometry , calculus etc which are essential for solving complex relationships in fields like dynamics , solid state physics etc .
The computer which can be called as the new face of the world changed a lot of approaches in many fields .
It is being used in fields like astronomy , physics chemistry in many ways like embedded systems .
A space research scientist , launching a rocket needs to calculate the astronomical distance between the earth and the target .
This if done with help of a cmputer needs him to understand how to use the system and other such complexities .

E ven the present educational system seems to have accepted the need of having basic information in many fields .
The schools of the presemt day have many subjects lke maths , science , social , languages etc .
The students ought to take all these subjects atleast till a certain grade and then opt for subjects they are interested in .
The courses in collges also have many subjects in the courses which they feel are needed .
For example in engineering all the students also have common subjects in the area of computers , electronics etc .

Thus in view of the new world i feel a knowledge in a many subjects is needed for achieving success .
A specialization in a single area has no great use today .
The time dedicated by young people to their communities is of a great importance .
It shows the interest of the younger generation for their families and culture background .
I believe the young people do not spend enough time to helping their communties .
They certainly have good reasons but the reward of helping is priceless .

Why do young people do not spend enough time to helping their communities ?
I see two main reaons : professional life and new communication technics .
Our parents used to spend most of their careeer in one or maximum two companies , in only one country .
Nowadays , professional life is more suprising .
One can change position very quickly , depending on opportunities .
Positions are not fixed and young generation has less links with the employeer than older generation had .
The firm root is not a major concern for young generation .

Communication and travel improvements allow people to move from one country to another one quicker than ever .
Life is not be lived only in your home country .
Internet gives you the opportunity to instantly travel via your computer .
Your community is the world , your friends are all over the world .
Young people will have more difficulty to follow and support their community as the community root is more difficult to identify .

But young people will have to settle themselves down one day .
where will be their community at that time ?
Where will be their home land ?
This question will be very hard to answer unless you took a great care of your roots and specifically of your community .
That is the reason why I believe that giving some time to helping our community is priceless in regards of the rewards it will then bring us .
Community will be what stays from an active professional life .
Community will be your home .
You have to take good care of your home for the time you will either need it or be back in it .
Travelling around the world is a very interesting and educating experience .
In order to fully enjoy the trip , we should decide wether to travel alone or in a group led by a tour guide .
Actuallty , i prefer such organized tripes rather than travelling by my self for several reasons .

The first reason is the positive impact of having a tour guide .
Tour guids are very well educated about the historical , and cultural background of the places the group is visiting .
Therefore , the tourists get more knowledge and deep explanations of what they see , especially in historical attractions .
As the result , the trip becomes much valiable .
For example , i travelled to a great historical place in Egypt and the tour guide was very helpful to explain every tiny detail of the temples .
I think i would have not been able to get such huge amount of information if i just traveled alone .
Another advantage of having a tour guide is that he or she can help tourists find good places for shopping by suggesting certain shopping areas .

The second reason is the advantage of having a group .
People from different countries , backgrounds , and experiences are travelling together does have a positive impact .
For example , i had a trip two years ago with a group and i learned alot from them talking about their countries and the best places they saw in other trips .
i gained valuable inormation about places i wanted to go and had not enough information to help me .
Moreover , i can benefit from a group rate while going for shopping with the organized trip .
The prices will be cheaper , so that i can buy more things .

In conclusion , travelling in a group led by a tour guide is the best way to travel .
Spending the trip withe experienced tour guide as well as a whole group of people , will give a great oppportunity to learn more in an informal and interesting environment .
The trip will be diffenitly more valuable if it is spent with such great accompany .
I would have to say that the best way to travel is being your own tour guide .
I personally like to explore places by myself , I am curious and I am not afraid to take risks .
To me sounds boring just to think about the idea of traveling with a group of people and depend on somebody else 's schedule and not on my own .

When people travel with a tour guide they usually depend on the guide 's schedule during the whole trip , and that could be one of the inconveniences .
For example , in a group of people of different ages , the older ones would agree with some situations while the younger probably would not .
If they have to follow a guide they have no choice to change the schedule and avoid doing things or going to places where they are not comfortable .

Personally , when I travel somewhere , I like to explore the place by myself , get a map , take a train and find places without having to follow somebody that already knows where to go and what to do .
If I end up getting lost in an unknown place it is not a problem for me , on the other hand , it is fun !
I like to explore cultures by knowing how their people behave .
For example , during my last trip to Rome I discovered the most friendly people I have ever had contact with before .
I was lost for 3 hours , and even though I had a map and I knew how to find my way , I started asking for directions to people on the road , and I really loved the fact that they would stop no matter for how long and talk to me , try to help me in the most friendly way , and that is an experience I really enjoyed .
To me , that is the only way someone can really enjoy visiting a new place : taking risks and exploring .

It is also more expensive to travel having a touristic guide .
Sometimes we save money for a long time to get a chance to travel somewhere and it is not worth it to spend a considerable amount of that money paying somebody who is going to show us the place and probably talk about relevant historical passages of that part of the world if we are able to get a book and read about the same topic and take a train or any transportation media to get wherever we want by ourselves .

The best way to travel is to go without planning too much .
In my opinion it is more exciting the unexpected : being in a new place , getting to talk to local people , following my own schedule without having to think about what time is it , discover places by myself and have a really fun story to remember forever .
Success is desired by almost all the people .
In all aspects such as , school , work , and personal life , success is the main goal that every person would like to reach .

In order to reach success people may use different `` techniques '' such as : using their own experiences and / or knowledge , and taking into consideration other 's experiences .
But , it is important to use all the resources that may be near our possibilities and to find new ways to reach our goals .

In my own point of view , successful people reach success because they are open to new experiences and they take risks to achieve their goals .
But also I think they should be aware of what they are good at , taking into consideration their abilities and weaknesses so to pay more attention on what they can perform better in order to reach success in an easier way .

For instance , if a businessman is planning to open a company , it is more reliable that he performs better in an area where he has previous knowledge that in an unknown area .
A man that has studies in graphic design may open a design agency where he can offer his services based on knowledge he has obtained previously .
Additionaly , he can make his agency more succesful if he takes some risks .
The businessman can try new things , for example : He can hire people who know different things and create new departments or divisions in his company in order to obtain more clients and have major profits .

All in all , people who are decided to reach success , no matter the aspect they are concerned with ( school , work or family ) , they should apply personal experiences and try new things to obtain wished results in order to feel satisfied with the effort we have done .
Facing challenges are a sure way to become successful .
In the age of information and technology , many coporations take risk to win over the competition against other companies .
Staying conventional and not inventing creative methods would be more likely to result in failures .
Likewise , the indivudual success is similar because challenges allow one to expand new opportunities and receive lesson from the experiences .
It is extremely rare for people to become successful without challenges in their life .

In order to be know a variety of options to successful , trying new things is indispensible for succesful people .
Most of the times , challenges may often contain possible risks of failures due to the unfamiliarity or mistakes .
That is why in many societies there are a certain number of the riches and the poors .
Those who are fear of new changes would more likely end up doing the same thing day by day , not having any chance of finding out new options to become successful .
My family went to Las Vagas and played casino .
My father who was willing to risk his money was able to enjoy a casino game .
Eventually , he got 3 times as much money as he orginally had .
Likewise , although there are some risks , it is common ways to become successful Experiences from challenges quicken the path of success .
People who tries for new challenges often make mistakes ; as a result , they may fail .
However failing for the first time does n't mean failures for the rest of his try-outs .
Each time one fails , he may learn a valuable lessons as to what not to do .
Also failing sometimes comes with a strong emotion that it definitely emphasizes a lesson by remorsing over and over .
A friend that I know also risk his life trying to copy a homework from someone else .
Unfortunately , he was caught by teacher and got an F. After that , he did n't dare to copy another person 's homework .
If his luck turns out good and succeed in doing so , he would get a satisfying score and would continue to copy .
However , my friend learned a valuable lesson as to what not to do .

Chanllenges are neccessary to survive in this world .
The characteristics of challenges are benefitial in that it allows individuals to find out a new paths to go for success and gain valuable lessons from experiences .
Challenge facilitates one from a road to success .
Every person in the world is expected to enjoy his or her life from the moment he or she sees the light until he or she sleeps in their graves .
Half of the people on the world believe that young people enjoy life more than older people and the other half of the people believe that older people enjoy life more than young people do .
In my opinion , I agree with the other half of the people who seem to believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do for different reasons .

One of the reasons why I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people is that young people are more familiar with the things in their present life other than the older people .
I will use my grandmother as an example for what I have Just wrote .
when she was young , she enjoyed her life more than her mother because life is getting better and better each time we move on .
My grandmother was borned before the invention of the Internet , one time she saw me setting in my room playing computer , she came to me and asked me what am I doing with the television .
It took me a reallly long time to explain to her that it was a computer not a television .

The second reason why I believe that young people enjoy life more than older people is that young people are more active than older people .
young people have the energy and the ability to do things that make them enjoy their life that the older people can not do to enjoy their life .
I remebered once my cousins came to my home to pick me up so we can go to the cinema .
When I walked to the door , I asked my mother to join us , she responded by saying that she doesnot have the energy to do it because she is old and it 's hard for her to sit for three hours straight watching the movie .
For that reason , I started to believe that young people can enjoy their life more than older people do .

All in all , young people have the ability to enjoy their life while the older people lack that ability that make them able to enjpy their life .
I believe that young people someday will experince the fact that one day young people will enjoy life more than they do as they get older .
The question about broad oder specialized education is rather difficult to solve .
In my opinion there is no clear answer or solution to this problem .
I think that a broad knowledge of many subjects is essential to succeed in work .
For example in economics , is is very important to have certain knowledge of law , mathematics or information systems to only mention a few connected fields of study .
Without background knowledge in these fields you will not be able to get a good degree in your study .
Also it is important to have knowledge of culture and society , especially when you want to work and live in other countries .
Here it is extremely neccessary that you learn something about the culture of the foreign country , so that you can live there as a part of the community .
Also everybody should have a basic knowledge about the history of his country or geographical circumstances of the region he lives in .
This knowledge can be seen of a basis that every person succeeding university should achieve .

But beneath this broad knowledge it also is quite useful to have a highly specialised knowledge in one certain field .
In this specialized subject , you then can enjoy being a expert .
This can not only be good for your personal career .
If nobody wanted a highly specialized training , there would be no progress in science .
Here we have good examples in natural sciences , for example physics .
Every student of physics needs a basic education that also includes mathematics and chemistry .
But to research in problems , that matter at present time , you need to highly specialize , because there is so much information , that a single human being would never be able to gain it all .

Therefore I would say that you both need a broad knowledge of many subjects that are connected , but also must specialize in one field of study .
A reasonable combination of this two aspects of training can give you an education , that will open you all doors for a future career .
Travelling is the greatest opportunity one can have .
It opens up new horizons , exposes you to different cultures and opens you to a realm of exciting possibilities , all necessary to make you more open minded and a better human being .

Some say that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
I strongly disagree with this way of travelling .
Though it has the advantage of making the planning of the trip easier , as well as showing you the major attractions of an area in a short period of time , its negative points are too great to be ignored .

Travelling in a group means that you have to follow a planned schedule .
Now we all know that different people have various interests , and this limits you in experiencing and seeing what you are really interested in .
Also , travelling is not suppose to be routine , you should be able to decide where you want to go and when , and be able to change your intinerary according to how you are feeling that day , or depending on the weather , etc .

It is true that you do get to see the main attractions of an area when travelling in a group , but you do n't get to experience the culture of the country your are visiting .
Being surrounded by a group of people who roughly share your culture and social status does n't leave a lot of room to meet locals , be immersed in a different language , explore spots that are n't major tourist attractions , discover the cuisine of the country or it 's every day traditions .

Having traveled a lot , I believe that the best way to travel is without an itinary or a plan , being flexible and deciding your schedule according to who you meet along the way , your discussions with locals , your interests and your feelings .
Is n't that what travelling is all about , discovering a new area and culture and learning more about yourself along the way ?
Cars have been considered to be one of the most important inventions of mankind , which went a long way in enhancing his mobility .
Today they have been transformed from the status of a luxury to that of a necessity .
It is for this reason that there has been a noticeable surge in the number of cars .
However , twenty years hence , the scenario would be quite different , and I firmly believe that the present day volume of cars is just the tip of an inverted ` U ' and would defnitely go down in the time to come .

The foremost reason why I believe that the number of cars would be less two decades later is based on the present day status of fuels .
The utilization of petroleum resources is already at a considerably high level and their cost has seen a high increase in the last one decade .
The exorbitant price of the fuel would definitely deter the consumers to go for cars .
Adjunct to this , this premise is based on the their very availability ; given the fact that petroleum is a non-renewable sources of energy , it might just become extinct in two decades .
One might resort to other fuels like hydrogen and fuel-cell based cars , but they are yet to go a long way in terms of their popularity among the general public .

Secondly , with rising pollution levels , the government might resort to taking preventive measures by putting a ceiling on the number of cars owned by an individual .
It might even consider to discourage the buyers simply by raising the tax slabs .
An average consumer , thus , might look for alternate means to commute .

Emanating from the same argument , the government might also take some positive steps , like making public transport more efficient .
A meticulously designed and managed chain of public transportation systems likes buses and local trains would certainly encourage even the car owners to opt for them .

I also presume that two decades later most offices would switch from the time-consuming ` manual ' mode of functioning to an ` electronic ' way .
With excellent internet based working environment , one might not need to commute at all ; added to that everybody would be highly accessible .
Hence , such a work environment would also imply a lessening of the reliance on cars .

The preceding assertions have been put forward in context of the supply side of the story ; on the consumers ' side too there would be some changes in their perception .
Cars would no longer remain a status-symbol .
People would become increasingly aware of the ill-effects of pollution and would surely like to contribute their share in reducing it by decreasing the use of car as their prerferred mode of trasnportation .
In general , an overall increase in the level of awareness of the users would in itself lead to a decline in the number of cars .

Taking all these points into consideration , I can say with a good degree of confidence , that the number of cars would definitely decline in the future .
Afterall , all of us want to make this Earth a better place to live in .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today .
Although cars manufacteurs have increased their production the last decades , there is strong reason to assume that there will actually be a lower number of cars in the future than today .
This effect will mainly take place through various political measurements .
In addition environmental issues , as well as economic considerations will lead to this development .

Politicies of goverments around the world will lead to a decrease of the number of cars .
On one hand goverments will still oppose taxes on petrol and cars .
In addition to an contant increase of oil prices cars will become more and more expensive .
Many people will not be able to effort a car and instead use public transport .

The environmantal issue will become more of a problem and urge people not to use cars as they used to .
I am confident that awareness for the problems of the environment will change the way of behaviour worldwide .
The need for governments ( and other institutions , such as NGOs and also the UN ) to make environmental-friendly polities will become stronger .
This in particually will lead to measures that support public transport , which will make it more attractive to use these means of transport .

Instable economical developments will also lead to a decrease of total numbers of cars .
We will see economical difficulties and even crises .
These will have an effect on the distribution of wealth .
Wealth will be less shared among many people in the future .
Many people will have a low income .
At the same time fewer people will be rich and be able to pay for a car .
Due to economic uncertainty people will invest less in luxury items , such as a car .

Because of politcal , environmental and also economic reason there will be fewer cars in twenty .
This total number of cars might not change significantly , but still there will not be an increase .
Everyone wants to be successfull .
However cooking a pitza is not a success .
The question is ` which accomplishment is a success ?
` .
An accomplishment is called success when it is something rare .
Success comes from trying and working for new , risky and higher level accomplishments .

First of all , a successfull person can not be the model of an old successfull person .
For example an architect builds an extra-ordinary building and create a new approach which is second to none in his area .
An other architect reads many articles about the above mentioned approach and builds a new building with the same style , or approach .
Which one would you like to call successfull ?
Of course the first one .

Secondly , accomplishing something which is already accomplished by someone else is not success .
Take the risk and try something harder !
As an example , one racer finishes the race in 5 minutes .
If the other one want to be successfull then he should risk his life and drive faster .
Moreover , in pc games the player is only successfull when he or she reaches the top score , which means he or she is better than the last player .

In contrast , some lazy people argues that doing the thing they know the best is the success .
I call them robots .
Do you see any difference ?
Robots are doing what they can do the best .
They are of course successfull in being a robot , however not a successfull human .

All in all , in my opinion there is a big difference between success and accomplishment .
Success is the new , risky and top level accomplishment .
Only doing what you already know how to do is next to nothing .
I actually did n't get the question very well .
I mean I could n't get what you mean by this , but I 'll give a try .

Well , I totally agree the statement as understanding ideas and concepts are the key elements to undertsanding the facts .
without giving the understanding of the concept one can never expect the students to the reasons behind the facts !
I believe that it would be better for them to get the main topic first , before they actually get to know the facts .

Understanding the ideas and concepts would give students teh chance to analyze the facts .
When the students simply learn the facts and do not enough understanding and the background information to think about the reality .
The understanding of the ideas and the concepts will not only provide background information but also help students to create their own thoughts and comment on the given information .
In the academic studies , students are introduced the theory first , and then they learn the facts .
With the theorotical acknowledgement provided , they get the chance of the understanding .
the ideas lying behind the theory and the meanings of the concept .
After that , they 're introduced to the facts , what really happens and why .
they try to analyze the situation and detect the reasons why something specific has happened and why others have not .
This clearly demonstrates the need of the understanding of the theorotical basis-filled with ideas and concepts right before the learning of the facts .
the more they are familiar with the leading thoughts the easier it would be to understand the topic completely and accurately .

Although I 'm for the argument , I 'm also aware of the importance of learning the facts .
one should of course eventually learn the facts .
otherwise it would only be a brainstorm activity .
Applying the information provided in the theory part is crucial .
As I said before , describing the ideas and concepts is really necessary , it would n't mean too much without the facts .
in order to be able to find the answers to the questions you need to look at the results which are lying in the depths of the facts !

Consequently , there 's no doubt that we need to face the truth at the end , it would be better to understand the ideas and the concepts that are very useful in understanding the facts .
Twenty years from now , i feel that there would be fewer cars in use than there are today .

I personally feel that owning a car is a choice between the question of need and question of luxury .
For most people now a days owning a car is no longer a luxury .
With all sorts of loans and easy installments that have sprouted out of nowhere a common man can easily afford a car .
But the question here is , is it really neccessary that we own a car ?
In India atleast the answer is a yes .
With the unreliability of the public transport systems , and unaccessibilty of some regions by public transports it becomes neccessary to have your mode of transport .
But with the dawn of a new IT era and hence the looking up of the brighter prospectives of the Indian economy , the question of need is slowly diminishing .
Public transport has come back in its new and improved form , be it the local buses or the metros and it is even accessible in the remotest of the regions .
As for the choice of luxury , the ever increasing hikes i petrol prices due to limited access to the petrol reserves would limit it owning of cars to people who can really afford them , and not the general public .

Globally , the importance of pulic transportation has already been concieved of , and has been in practice for decades .
The modern generation being more aware of their environmetal issues of pollution and depleting fossil fuel reserves have aslo further established the need for better and efficient public systems , that would eventually cut out the depenency on personal vehicles for transportation .
Also with the decrease in fuel , the world all over is experiencing a hike in the prices of fuel which would make it more easier on the pockets of the common man if he used public transportation .
With the ever increasing awareness of the lack of fossil fuel supplies that run most of the automobiles combined with the fact that the emissions from automobiles constitutes a major reason for the increase in pollution in recent times , I feel that the people would start depending on public transport instead of their personal vehicles .

Even though the possibilty of using alternate sources of fuel in the near future exists , its not going to come easy .
The expenses for the use of such fuels would perhaps be as expensive if not more than the fossil fuels , not including the added expenses of manufacturing automobiles that can run on such fuels .
The viable solution to this would be , as I feel , is to rely on the public transport , as it would prove to be more economically viable .

The mode of transport for in the future as I see it is public transportation , which is not only fast but more economically and environmentally viable .
Hence with the increase in the technological advacement of the system cars with would be a thing of the past .
All the people need to renew their routine in the holidays with their friends and family , and they can do many things to do that .
They can go to movie theaters , sport games , and many things .
Nowadays , we can notice the most common way to renew the routine is travel to another country or state .
Some people like to travel alone with their family because they think the other people will bother them , and they 're afraid of meeting bad friends .
Others like to travel with a group by a tour guide .
I think the second way to travel is better than the first one because the reasons which I 'll discuss in this essay .

In a first , people may feel bored if they travel only with their family because they 're with their family all the time , and they need to meet new friends to make the tour more exciting .
For example , if a family travels with their child , the child will feel like playing with another kid who has a many commons with him .
Also , the father and the mother like to meet people like them to talk about what they like to talk about such as the mother likes to talk with other women about many subjects that she ca n't talk about them with her child or husband .
Therefore , this advantage will help all the family member to enjoy their time , and if they like to be alone with no people , they can ask the tour guide that they want to go out side alone for a while .

Moreover , if you travel to the most wonderful country in the world , you wo n't be happy if you do n't know where you can go or what the good places you can visit .
You need someone who knows a lot about the country which you 're planning to visit with your family or friends .
In this case , a tour guide can help you to enjoy in your tour , and he can show you the best places in the country you want to visit , and he can also tell you information about the country and its history .
I think this is an important advantage because you do n't want to only to enjoy in your tour .
You want to benefit also and know information about the country which you want to visit .

In brief , maybe traviling alone has some advantages also .
However , I prefer to travel with a group led by a tour guide for the reasons which I discussed above , and I beleive that this is the best way to travel with your family or friends because you wo n't enjoy only , but you will enjoy and benefit .
Yes I undoubtedly agree with the statement that it is more important and recomendable for a student to understand the ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .

I support the statement because through real time experiences I inferred that most of the people who learn facts as they are instead of taking the real meaning behind it are mostly vulnerable to take it for a wrong purpose .

The facts we learn in our early stages of life help us throughout our life .
We build ourselves and our characters upon the concrete pillars of what we infer .
so , it is essential for us to understand the facts instead of learning them .
As the later may lead to serious consequences and wrong character building .

For example , lets get into the daily life .
We learn in physics that according to newtons third law of motion every action has an equal and opposite reaction .
This is a broad concept that could be applied in many cases of our real life .
Lets consider the rockets on which we applied it to reach limits of our atmosphere and also further .
But , when you consider it in case of a simple daily case of a pressure coocker .
The steam builds up when it is heated inside it and if you happen to open the lid without allowing the inner pressure to escape my removing the counter weight there is a high danger that the high pressurised steam may come bursting on to the one who opens it causing seroius burns .
This was a case I say , that shocked me and after consulting my physics lecturer I came to know the reason behind it .

Had the person known the concept of the laws of pressure and the newtons third law of motion he would n't have done the mistake which sent him to hospital for more than a month .
This severe could be the consequences of not knowing things for what they are meant .
Nowadays , a higher education is valuable for a student future career but it is not the main important point .
Indeed , even if lots of people and companies are looking for high-skilled students , when a students have to proove your intelligence , he must have understood all .
I personally believe that it is more useful and important to understand ideas .

Fisrt of all , for a professional carrer , even if lots of skills can be a way to enter a firm , a student will have to put into application the concepts and ideas he learnt at school .
In order to use the different concepts , it implies that the sudent has integrated them .
Furthermore , when a student works in a company , he has to exchange with his or her colleagues .
One can not deny that without understanding , you can not express yourself properly .

Secondly , during his formation , a student must have to learn facts , he can not do it in a different wat to obtain his exams .
That is the reason why I am firmly convinced that the students that are able to understand ideas are going to be well-appreciated , at the oral cessions for instance .
To my mind , understanding is a proof of intelligence and a way of differenciation .

Thirdly , we have to keep in mind that social life for a student is crucial and I personally believe that understanding ideas and facts should be a good way to build this social life .
Indeed , during student life , you have the opportunity to have extra currilar activities such as participating into associations .
But to do it , a student may be able understand the way the association works , he should also bring his own ideas or ideas he had understood during his formation .
Understanding is a way of integration .

To conclude , I would like to recap that understanding ideas and concepts is a way of profesionalization , socialization and integration .
When learning permits you to pass your exam , understanding help you to build yourself .
Advertisements have such an important place in our lives .
As soon as you switch on the TV or the radio , you are bombarded with a weatlh of information on products ranging from basic necessities like food and water to household comodities like utensils to the extent of luxuries like cars .

But , do advertisements always potray the right information ?
In my opinion , advertisements are all about the hype and they seem to inflate the use of the product to the extent that it can harm an individual both physically and psychologically .
This is because the makers of the commercials are expected to be perfect in portraying the good qualities of the product that can bring huge profits to the company .
The negative points of the product are entirely missed and ignored until the consumer falls into the trap of `` buying the product '' .

One example of physical harm can come from the advertisement of say , an anti-depressant drug .
People see the advertisement that potrays information about how good the medicine is and how well it will take away depression from your life and at the same time not cause any harm .
The individual absorbs the information and if he/she keeps on having the medicine , it can ultimately cause harm and severe dependancy .

Another example can be given from a simple situation .
A girl who has curly and frizzy hair sees an advertisement of a shampoo that shows how curly hair can be transformed into smooth and silky hair .
When she uses the product , it fails to deliver results .
This can have a psychological impact in that she is made to beleive that she has bad hair that cannot be changed no matter what .

Therefore , I fully agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are and one has to use both common sense and personal judgement in analyzing the utility of the product or as they say `` Take them with a grain of salt '' .
In our society , being successful has become a necessity , due to the very strong pressure faced by the individual ever since he is a child in terms of financial , intellectual , cultural and personal achievement .

What is it exactly that we refer to when we talk about successful people ?
What is it about them that we envy so much ?
Are successful people those who take risks and do new things , or those that stick to their domaine of expertise ?

It seems to me that we ca n't figure out what makes somebody successful if we do n't ask ourselves in the first place how we define success .
The images of success that prevail in our society , through advertising , television or stars , mostly deal with material goods that have little to do with personal achievement and basicly reflect financial success .
And even though everybody criticizes it , we have to admit that financial and material comfort are the most common and envied form of success .
Consequently , we might conclude that to achieve this goal , it is smarter to find a domaine of expertise and stick to it , in order to become a well-known doctor , lawyer or scientist and benefit from it in terms od social status and financial advantages .

Nevertheless , being a successful person might mean something very diferent , if we put in perspective the inherent social pressure and focuse more of the individual 's happiness and self-achievement .
Beinf successful in the eyes of the others is one thing , feeling successful and happy is a totally diferent matter , that might imply to satisfy one 's curiosity and follow one 's dreams .
In that case , successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks , in the sense that they followed their instincts and sometimes jeopardized their financial comfort to achieve something more personal they believed in .
Of course , when these people are famous rock stars or movie icons , everybody will recognize their success because they also made a lot a money , but what about all the totally anonymous people ?
To me , a lawyer that turns in a restaurant owner , a businessman who decides to write poetry are successful if they feel good about what they do , no matter how they are perceived by society .

To conclude , I would say that doing new things and taking risks is totally necessary for the individual to face the diferent sides of his personality , but they do not always match with being successful in the social meaninf of the word .
Nowadays , people start worrying about the future of the car .
The car is an everyday necessity for most people in our developed countries but it also raises many issues such as pollution and urban mobility .
I think that within twenty years , there will be fewer cars for these two issues will have been adressed .

Urban mobility is a major subject for all big cities all over the world .
If you want to keep a city attractive for investors , workers , tourists and inhabitants , people have to be able to move , and what 's more , to move fast .
Of course , to make it possible , there 's a need for space .
The issue at state is obviously economical .
Traffic jams are a sign of a lack of space and above all the need to launch great urbanisation policies .
A few years ago , London decided to instaure a fee for cars who wanted to circulate in the inner city .
Paris , is launching a great campaign to encourage people to take public transportation instead of their own cars .
I reckon that efficient public transportation is the key success to an attractive city .
Cars are no longer the future of cities and for this reason there will be fewer and fewer cars within two decades .

But the most preoccupying problem caused by cars is pollution .
Indeed , cars are responsible for a large part of environmental problems such as the pollution of air .
Even though , cars are used everywhere in developed countires , they are concentrated in small urban centers , which makes it all the more concerning .
In cities , the density of cars and the traffic jams make pollution a real preoccupation .
Despite the urban mobility policies , the development of alternative technologies can also help to reduce pollution .
But , for these new technologies are expensive , I think people will prefer public transportation to these new cars .
Over all , there will be fewer cars because they cause too many problems .

In conclusion , I think that in twenty years there will be fewer cars because urban mobility will become a field of economic competition between big cities and that environment concerns will be taken seriously .
Although I do agree on the fact that students shall understand ideas and concepts about their particular fields of study , I do n't think that those ideas and concepts are more important that learning the facts about them .

Much on the contrary , I think that learning about the facts of a particular field of study or subject is as important as understanding general or specific ideas or concepts .
Actually , the use of appropiate information about certains facts can help the students to better understand the ( sometimes very abstract ) ideas , concepts or principles of their fields of study .

For example , a professor can give a lecture about the common features of all human societies .
He can talk about how different societies , both isolated from the other , can develop norms and customs that are strikingly similar .
This is the main idea , or concept for an antrophology of sociology class .
But by showing certain facts , the students can better undestand these ideas .
The teacher can talk about the similarities between the myths and legends of Norse and Celtic peoples which , despite the geographical and chronological isolation between those two groups , developed forms of seeing the world around them that are quite similar .

Another example that supports this could be found in biology .
You can learn that all living organisms share common traits , like cells , DNA , proteins , and so on .
But despite these similarities , life in Earth is so diverse that is actually hard to see how can plants and animals , for explample , be closely related to each other in any way .
It is by the study of the facts that students can grasp the fundamental concepts and ideas and better understand them .

One can better undestand how plants and animal are related to each other by , for example , watching samples of each under the microscope , or by perfoming chemichal analysis of their tissues .
The facts relvealed by experimentation and observation can not only help understand abstract ideas or concepts , but it helps the student develop new ideas and concepts , which in turn will be nurtured by new facts .
And that 's how knowledge , wheter in the sciences or even the arts , grows over time .
I agree to the opinion of having broad knowledge of many academic subjects than restricing yourself of having knowledge of a specific field of interest and area .
I believe that one should be well informed and aware of whats happening outside his domain and specialisation .
Its primarily because of three reasons : - a )
Competitiveness : - The society we live in is a very competitive society ..
So when you are not well informed about whats happening outside your field of interest ; then you are seriously in trouble and indeed are lacking behind people who have a competitive edge over you .

Ex : - Being a software Engineer ; if you dont have the knowledge of whats happening in the hardware industry or for that matter in the electronics industry in general ; then you might not be able to keep up with the information on latest gizmos and technology .
Moreover others would have a competitive edge over you .

b )
Uncertainity : - The second reason is uncertainity of the current field you are specializing to sustain itself ; say 15 years down the line .
If you are talking about a technolgy which is being used now ; there is no guarantee that it would be there after few more years .
Ex : - Everyone is behind java and some other programming languages ..
now no one is sure that java is going to be there in the future ; say five years down the line .
So its better to have a backup plan ready for now wherein you are constantly updating yourself with other subjects .

c )
Organisational needs or Industry requirements : - Now-a-days large organisations do offer interdepartmental transfers by cross-training on different products thus giving a chance for the employess to move on to a different vertical altogether ..
If you are just informed about a specific field and are resistant against the inter-departmental transfers .
It can really hamper your chances of moving up the ladder in the corporate field .

Thus I believe that you need to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than just a mere specialisation ..
Have you ever dreamed of going back to the past when you could enjoy as much as you wanted ?
The older you are , the less interesting your life might be .
Do you know why a lot of people are eager to be yeonger although our lifetime remarkably went up ?
We are all dreaming of the happiest moment of my lifetime .
Just because you are younger than others , it does n't mean that you enjoy life more than older people do .
Still , I take it for granted that there are more chances for younger people to enjoy life because they have more time to meet friends .
Besides , they do n't have as many experiences as older people do .

Younger people can enjoy something jolly with people whom they like .
Although most of them go to school , there are also so many freinds as well as fellow in the school , whereas it 's extremely difficult for older poeple to gather their pals because each of them has thier job .
They should make money to take care of their beloved family who can be much more important than friends .
On the other hand , younger people can go to the bar , club , concert and their chun 's house .
No matter how much time they have , they can meet their friends whenever they want .

Next , they have less experiences than older people do .
It is one of tremendous advantages .
They can do something that old people regard as something boring because it could be something special and uninitiated for them .
For examples , hard trip is pretty pleasing for them because it 's not only something new , but they can also undergo new and precious expriences .
Personally , I was allowed to go to South-East Asia at first becuase my parents think it can be absolutely hard and dangerous , but it was very attractive and gay for me to go there .
I could go there after I had been allowed to go there in the end .
I have never gone though such fantastic things .
If I had been older and less active , I could n't have undergone .

In conclusion , yeonger people enjoy our lifetime more than older people .
They can do anything they want with their friend , and they can even enjoy something of which older people are already sick .
That 's why I alleged affirm that younger people have more opportunities as well as time to enjoy themselves as far as I 'm concerned
Why do we see soo many advertisements on TV or in magazines ?
Many people buy or even recomand things because they saw it on a commercial or in a newspaper .
The system works like `` brain washing '' .
What you see or anybody tells you is good and if you are going to hear it over and over again you are going to believe it some day .

I absolutely agree with the statement that `` many products seem much better than they really are '' .
If you look at the package of an orange juice with a sepcific brand name like `` Happy day '' you will see a nice green cover with an orange on there .
When you are thursty and you go into a supermarcet , I guess that I will pick exactly this product because the cover of it looks awesome .
Later you are going to open the dring and you will be disappointed .
You will find out that it is only sweet and what the producer promises with a commercial slogan like `` 100 % Orange Juice '' , cannot be a true thing .
Another example to underline what I mean would be the commercial of a product which many people already ate at least one time in their lifes .
`` Pringls - Chips '' .
They have all the same form and they taste good ( In my point of view ) , but a slogan says that they will never become hard because you can close it again with `` una tappa di plastica '' .
If you are going to open a product it does not matter if it is a yoghurt or a package of chips they will be not fresh after a time .

What will happen if you are going to pay in the supermarcet a lot for a simple shaver because everybody bought it and it should be so smooth and soft and there wo n't be any possibilities that you are going to cut yourself with it .
A famouse brand name would be `` Venus '' .
After three times the Venus shaver is also not going to cut as good as it did at the first day .

In my point of view people should not invest so much money in advertisemts .
People and many children around the world need financial aid and we should support them and should not support products which we are going to buy anyways .
In my opinion it is better to have a broader knowledge of many academic subjects .

In today 's world , no subject can be studied in isolation .
Subjects are linked to each other .
For a good understanding of one subject , some amount of knowledge of a related subject is essential .
For example , for studying complex genetic engineering , a knowledge of computers is required for studying models .
Similarly , while studying history of a particular region at a certain time , it is beneficial to know the economics of that area at that time .
It would help us better understand the events occuring at that time and the reasons behind them .
Thus , as subjects are inter-related we need to have knowledge of many subjects .

We also need to understand things happening around us .
Things happening around us are also related .
To understand issues like why did the Iraq war occur , we need to understand politics and history .
To be aware of why and when tsunamis or hurricanes occur , we need to know geography .
If we catch cold , then we need to know why it happened and how we can prevent it .
So we need to expand our horizon of knowledge to include many subjects to increase our awareness .

Does this mean that we dont need specialists ?
Specialists are required as there are many areas which require a detailed and thorough study which specialists have done .
For research in particular fields specialists are required .
In my opinion , the number of subjects to be studied should vary according to the level of education .
Primary and secondary education should focus on a variety of subjects as they are the building blocks of a student 's knowledge base .
Higher education can be focussed at a specific subject .

Thus , a broad knowledge of numerous academic subjects is essential at the primary and secondary level of education .
I disagree with the statement that traveling in a group and with a tour guide is necessarly the best way to travel .
I aconsent that there are benefits of traveling with a group , but I view these benefits as being very dependent on the type of person you are , the destination of your travel , as well as the actual purpose of your travel .
If - for example - your travel objective is to experience the peace and tranquility of the German Black Forest , it is very unlikely that you would appreciate the constant company of your travel group members .
If on the other hand , you are seeking to party at a ski resort , having a group with which to participate in the numerous resort activities may make your trip especially memorable .

Likewise the benefits of a tour guide need to be viewed in context of the trip you are taking .
Tour guides might help you to learn more about the historic and cultural facts of your destination , but they might make you complacent in exploring for yourself and interacting with locals .

Personally I prefer traveling with fewer people rather than with a large group .
Also I prefer that these people comprise a small group of select friends , whom I know well and with whom I will generally share the same travel objectives .
I also prefer traveling without a tour guide and explore the places I am visiting without the confinements of a pre-planned tour , as I tend to value the opportunity for spontanaety , that vacations present .
( After all , is n't part of the joy of vacation being free to do as one feels ? ) .

Obviously this preference of mine does not exclude the option of hiring a tour guide for select parts of a trip .
For example on a recent trip to India I did apreciated the little gems of information provided by the tour-guide as he led me around the Taj Mahal .
Nonetheless , I was very glad not to have a tour guide constantly talking to me while I was exploring the beautiful back-waters of India 's Kerela .

Hence I think the expressed statement can be true for certain types of people , at certain times and in certain situations .
As an absolute statement , however , I would have to disagree .
The question if it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects rather than to specialize in one particular subject is not easy to answer .
First of all many academic fields need a specialisation to explore new developments that broaden the understanding of the related research field .
This are especially the human sciences were processes become more and more complex and a particular researcher propably would not profit from knowledge in a field not related to his work .

In contrast to that there are many academic fields were a broaden understanding of different sciences can help you enormously , as many field are interacting each other .
The whole world is involved in the globalization process , so new commitments between people , countries or institutions are made , that had no ealier contact .
Business manager have to face new partners belonging to an other culture , that could lead to misunderstandings , if the people do not have the related cultural skills .

From my personal point of view , I appreciate to have a broad knowledge of different academic subjects .
Studying European Studies with a focus on political sciences , it is absolutely necessary to have skills in sociology to understand what societies as well as parts thereoff are thinking about various steps of political integration on the European level .
This also includes skills in European law , as you are not able to archive your political goals without knowing the particular law system , this applies at east on functional democrcies .
Additionally , my economic skills are important as without their functionability the whole system would collapse , so you always have to take different positions of view into account , before making a particular decission from your own point of view .

Summarized I would say that it is dependent on your academic field to choose in favor or against a broad knowledge .
On the one hand there are definitly experts needed to be sure that scientific process goes on , but on the other hand in many different occassions a broader understanding of different academic fields is useful to act securely in a world becoming more comprehensive .
The statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialise in one subject is an controversial one and I would describe the reasons why .
The statement actually begs the question and is an overstatement at best .
One must have a stronghold over one subject , and not just ` broad knowledge ' and additionally , one should be aware of the happenings in other streams .

The speaker 's claim that one must have information of many subjects is problemetic at best .
The speaker fails to give a number for ` many ' here .
However , I believe that any sincere student must have information over related subjects .
For example , a student of food technology must be an informd student of biology , chemistry , biochemistry and engineering too .
But his core stream will be food technology and its related subjects .
Thus , the speaker 's claim of speacialising in one subject is unjustifiable since the student may know about related subjects in more detail than just having broad information .

The student specialising in a subject is expected to know in detail about the subject .
For example , a student studying medicine is expected to be proficient in not just ready with the information but also to be able to practice it as and when needed .
This comes through continuous hard work and devotion to one 's chosen field of study .
If the student tries to indulge in other academic disciplines too much , he will harm the pateints and his own career .
Thus one has to be cautious about studying other subjects .
Studying many subjects , will make the student a mere dabbler who risks hampering furture growth .

Additionally the student is expected to have some inclination for arts and its various forms , political science , finance for these subjects help the student to go ahead with life with ease and to understand the significance of events efecting him .
Thus , the speaker 's claim about knowing only one subject is also not sufficient .

Thus , both the scenarios - of having some knowledge about all the subjects and knowing everything about just one subject - should be discouraged .
With the world becoming a smaller place and universities offering a host of admixed streams and choices to students , these are actually not even possible in today 's scenario .
A student should study hard at his chosen field of study and also , as he can devote time , try to learn other related and unrelated subjects but not at the cost of his subject .
Tour guides are profesional people who help foreigners to understand and know everything about a country , this implies the country 's history and it 's landscape .
Sometimes , there are debates dealing with the best way to travel , wheter if it 's traveling in a group led by a tour guide or not .
We we will explain the benefits of traveling in a group led by one , the inconvenients of traveling without one , and we will conclude giving an agreement or disagreement of this traveling way .

First of all , traveling with tour guides represents the opportunity , not only to visit a county , but to get information about the country 's history and whats more , the country 's popular places to visit .
Indeed , a tour guide can give aditional information to visitors if they don not have even visited that country .
In fact , tour guides can be really helpful for bewildered people , guides can help them take a decision .

On the other hand , tour guides can limit someone 's liberty , people traveling in a group led by a tour guide are asked to remain with the group .
Thus people can not go wherever they want at any time they want .
Besides , it is interesting sometimes to discover a country by getting lost or by talking to people , living among them for a while , more than getting an image proposed by a tour guide .
In fact , tour guides might be influenced by their own likings or dislikings so visitors will be actually suggested , and have influenced decisions .

To conclude , I disagree traveling in a group led by a tour guide to an extent .
I think that if it is the first time a tourist visit a foreign country , it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide in order to get some information about the country so they could travel there again knowing something about the country , but this time without a tour guide , so tourists could leave some events to chance , discover the country , and live with people who live there .
Besides , traveling without a tour guide , can help making new friends because travelers will be no longer imposed to do something .
I truely agree with the statement that best way to trave is in group lead by tour guide .
This is because of following benefits stated below .
First reasons is that when we visit a unfamilier place we waist too much of time finding the place which we want to visit because we are new in the place .
Hiring a tour guide is best .
A tour guide knows the perfect route and the place which we want to visit and so that we waist a lot less time and we can stay at a place for longer which we would have waisted for finding that place by our selves .
Other reasons is that sometimes we visit such places where laungages are different from what we speak and so we have diffcuilty in understanding the laungage of that particular area .
So a tour guide who can understand both the laungages properly can help in communicating with the people there .
Also the tour guide who had stayed in a particular area of tourism can better explain the culture and traditional belief more clearly than it were if we had to find it our selves and it would have been a hard job .
So we can save lots of money which we would have waisted if we were by ourseleves on a tour .

The main reason i agree with the statment is that this thing can also help the tour guide economically .
As we are all that intelligent to see that tours giudes are not well educated and so they do such kinds of jobs .
Therefore by giving some money to tour guide we can make him earn livelihood .
This can benifit their childrens and their families .
As we can see in this process both , the tour guide and the group are benefited .
Instead of waisting the money by finding places our selves we can give that money to the tour guide and as a result he gets his livelihood and we save our time .
So we should not be thrifty in spending money on tour guides , because one should see that because of this another person is benefited .

So this are the reason i give my opinion that it is better to travel in a group led by a tour guide , because it has many benefits on both the sides .
The trend of our society is to become older and older due to the fact that the number of birth is strongly decreasing years by years .
In this kind of society , according to recent statistics , old people try to continue to behave as they did when they were young some years ago , while young people tend to wait more rather than to be active .

Notwithstanding the results of this statistics , I strongly believe that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
They have the opportunity to get in connections with more people as well to have strong motivation to do new things .

First , young people have the chance to have good physical mobility .
This allows them to profit of sport activities that can give many satisfactions .
As an example , they can profit of scuba - diving and see the beauties of the sea or they can have a wide view from the sky when they perform some parachute activities .
In addition , thanks to their mobility , they can reach different and new places and enrich their culture of precious , brilliant and peculiar images of world 's gems .

Second , young people have more satisfactions from doing things as they have probably experienced some situations only few times in their life .
As in all new activities , they have an adrenalinic peak in their body that makes them feeling happy .
That creates a virtous schema : the statisfaction implies also a strong motivation to do new things and viceversa .
Therefore we know , from a recent survey done in Italy , that more than the 50 % of young people under 35 years are eager to do at least one new activities or a travel in a not visited country per year .

In conclusion , young people enjoy life more than older peole do because they are eager to do new experiences and have the physical mobility to do that .
Becoming older , they become more experienced but lost the motivation and the commitment to exploit life .
Over generations , the way people want to travel has changed .
In the past , people wanted to visit as many places as they can in a period of time .
Nowadays , people want to make much memories with travelling members , instead of hurring in a fixed minutes .
To make much memories with close friends or family , the best way to travel is to plan by themselves and take their enough time to look around .

Going on a trip by themselves , instead of a big group , gives them enough , and even plenty of time to look around .
Often , touring with a group with a tour guide makes tourists in hurry and out of time , because they have a fixed schedule to follow and the group to stick with .
These make them nervous about being in time while touring and take away comforts in their mind ; however , travelling by themselves does n't have strict time limits to follow , and therefore they can take as much time as they want without hurrying .

Also , having more times ables travelling members to make more memories .
The aims of a touring with a group are to visit as many places as they can and to get knowledge about places they visit in a fixed time .
On the other hands , travelling with with their own members ables themselves to make more memories of the travel taking pictures , having a cup of tea , looking around shops , and so on .

Thesedays , people plan for travels in order to be out of everyday 's business , to feel comforts and to spend time with their friends or families ; however , if they tour in a group led by a tour guide , they will not be able to achieve what they expect for the travels ; therefore , the best way to travel being absence of hurriness is to travel by themselves instead of put themselves in a tour group .
I do agree that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today despite the rapid increase of car consumption .
My reasons to believe so are stated below .

First of all , more and more people are willing to take mass transportation to go to work nowadays than a few years ago .
Because the traffic jam is more and more serious , people living in the cities prefer to take buses and subways to go to work to avoid such heavy traffic jams .
With the scarce of resource this problem might not be solved in years .
What 's more , to ride in mass transportation saves people valuable time to do other productive things .
Beside riding on mass transportation give city people more time to relax and think for their lives on their way home and to work .

Secondly , governments all over the world are becoming more aware of the pollution cars bring .
Some governments even set up rules to ban certain cars to run in the cities during paticular times .
Such rules forbiding the use of certain cars will continue to effect in the long run .
This will help to reduce the use of cars gradually .

Thirdly , people today are more concerned with their own health than ever .
Some may even walk to work or ride a bike to work instead of driving a car .
On weekend , more people go biking instead of go driving to rural resorts to relax .
Taking the popular biking clubs for example , they are developing quite rapidly to support the idea a lot of people are holding today that it 's better to travel along with physical exercises .
These kind of change helps me to belief that there will be fewer cars in the future .

In spite of all the above , the rapidly developed mass tranportation system and the widely accepted concept that health is most important in one 's life both add up to my belief that there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

To sum up , with the widely spreading concept of maintaining good health , the utility of advanced mass transportation and the help of the govenment , there will be fewer cars in 20 years use than there are today .
The question whether is it more important to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in just one specific subject is not easy to answer .

Personally , I am the opinion that a broad knowledge is worth more than a narrow but specialized knowledge .
However , the business world calls for specialists all the time .
Back in the past allrounders were highly appreciated but nowadays there are just a few left .
Well , this does not apply in general but at least to the business I know , the law business .
As a lawyer it is necessary to be specialized to ensure one achieves the best solution for the client .

But still , I believe that broad knowledge opens new horizons .
Now I am not only referring to business but also to private life .
Having knowledge in various areas also means to have more information .
Information one can use to make up one 's mind and to see things in a totally new perspective .
This actually is why I believe broad knowledge is worth so much .
Only with this knowledge it is possible to understand different cultures , to enjoy foreign music , arts or simply to have an interestin talk with the neighbor who comes from a different country .
With these new possibilities a totally new world is offered to the ones that are open to information on different subjects .
And get back to business : who does really want to talk to a lawyer who only understands the law but not the real problem ?
I does not .
Therefore I am the opinion that broad knowledge is more important to to be specialized on just one subject .
Although , it is not easy to obtain knowledge in different fields , if one has a full-time job , it is worth to spend the spare-time to gather information on other topics and subjects , provided one is interested in them .

Summarized I can say , that I try not to become to specialized too early and to obtain a broad knowledge .
I think it is very important .
I strongly disagree with the notion that having a broad knowledge of many subjects is better than specializing in one .
I feel that in today 's world , where competition for jobs is increasing , one who specializes in a particular field is the one who stands out in the crowd of men and women who have a knowledge of many subjects .
Also , the person becomes passionate about the subject that he decides to specialize in and that gives him enormous satisfaction .
Great personalities testify the fact that specializing in one field always the better option .

Da Vinci , one of the most famous artists of all times was also an accomplished physicist .
Although he had no formal education in the field , he had a great wealth of knowledge about it .
However , this was detrimental to him in a way as he always used to think of his paintings in a scientific way rather than a purely artistic one .
So although he created masterpieces , he left many more projects unfinished as he felt that those projects were lacking in some detail scientifically .
For example , he thought that a painting should contain no element of ethreal fantasy and that it must obey the laws of physics .
In this way , his choice was limited and he did not access his full potential .
Had he been a little less rigid in his principles , we would have seen many more of his wonderful works .

Another example would be my uncle who switched his majors no less than four times while doing his undergraduation .
When he tried to get a good job in one of the fields he had studied , he found none .
To his dismay , he discovered that each of the jobs needed an extensive knowledge on the subject , a specialisation of some kind .
After the incident , he finally settled for medicine and went to graduate school .
He specialized in Nephrology and needless to say , is a successful surgeon now .

In conclusion I strongly feel that being a jack of all trades and master of none diffuses one 's talents and prevents one from reaching the highest potential .
An individual can carve a niche for himself in the world if he has his own identity , in this case , the one subject he takes up and specializes in .
At first is to say both ways are important for students .
You have to learn facts sometimes but also you have to understand ideas and concepts in general .
I would say you can really understand concepts if you have learnt a few facts before .
I imagine to be a student in information technology .
How could I understand the requirements and the development of a secure and professional working IT network for a company e.g. , without exactly knowledge of the features and performance of the components for such a network , both hardware components and software components ?
In my oppinion the learning of facts is often the basis to go the next steps .
Only if I have achieved a very good level of detailed knowledge , a very good level of known facts and information I will be able to think in higher dimensions and to understand the context and goal of this descriped ideas and concepts .
The experience from practice will support the ability to create successful concepts .

To talk about another example .
I have to develop a marketing concept for a special new product .
How can I do this without knowing how the product works , what the consumer requires and so on .
In other words , before I can develop marketing concepts I should have sold a few products , I should have talked to a few consumers of the regarding market segment .
I should also have done a few market research to learn the most important topics about competitors .
All this `` to do '' can be descriped as learning of facts , either learning in theory or learning in practice .
Both ways of learning facts are very important to be successfull later in understanding and also creating ideas and concepts .
So as a summary I would say it is not the question what is more important , learning facts or understand concepts but it is the question what comes as first .
I am sure both of them are very important
In 20 years , there will be significantly more cars in use than there are today .

Looking at the case from a global point of view , we find that there are huge parts of the world which are now strongly underdevelopped regarding the use of cars , e.g. China and South East Asia .
Nevertheless they are growing fast .

This willl outnumber the decrease of the number of cars in Western Europe and North America .

Main factors

The main factors for the growth or decrease of car use are the cost of individual mobility , i.e. fuel costs , the costs of the cars themselves , the environmental costs , the need and desire for mobility and the wealth of nations .
Those factors differ strongly among the nations .

Costs

The costs of individual mobility can be regarded as fast growing all over the world .
Petroleum will soon be difficult to get , alternative fuels are not yet strongly developed .
Environmental costs can hardly be estimated , but are undoubtedly much higher than we think .

Europe

Regarding the European or American individual , use of cars will certainly decrease during the next twenty years .
Today many families e.g. in Western Germany notice that they can no longer afford a second car due to the increase in fuel costs .
In addition , not only the fuel but also the cars themselves .
The need for mobility will decrease as the average age rises and the employment rate sinks .

South Asia

Regarding the South East Asian , especially the Chinese individual , use of cars will increase strongly .
Growing wealth and strong industrial growth will lead to rise in the number of cars that coul be compared to the rise in Europe and America during the second half of the 20th century .
Environmental costs are high , but need not be paid at once .

Conclusion

During the next twenty years the increase of the number of cars in Asia will outnumber the decrease of the number of cars in Europe and America , although the costs will rise permanently .
The impact of fuel costs on the use of cars will strike in about 10 years .

The number of cars globally seen will therefore strongly increase during the next 10 years and begin to decrease rapidly in the 2030s .
Some people think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
But I do not agree with this statement .
I will first give some reasons why one could find young people 's life more enjoyable and then explain my reasons to reject the statement .

One could think that the life of a young person is funnier and that young people are happier , because in general young people have a lot of freetime .
They often participate in sports and arts .
In addition , they go to a lot of parties meet a lot af friends .
Furthermore young people do not have as much responsibility as elder people have .
They are not yet compelled to earn their own money and sometimes they even live in their parent 's place and therefore have also less duties .

But one should not forget that while having less responsibility young people have also less rights .
They are not yet allowed to take all their important decisions on their own .
In addition , they have lot of problems to resolve , such as passing exams , discussing with parents , making plans for their life .
Especially the latter might yield a lot of struggles , doubts and fears .
Therefore , one should not forget that also for young person life is not only fun .

In my familiy I have two very good examples of people who seem to be more satisfied and happy now than they were years ago .
First I have to mention my parents .
In my opinion they are very satisfied to see their children succeed in life and they take advantage of the opportunities a life without small children offers to them .
They are travelling much more today than they did when I was younger .
Thus they are also happier in their relationship .
The same accounts for my grandparents .
Since my grandfather has retired they are travelling a great deal and I think that they are really appreciating it .

Therefore , I do not think that people are less happy later in life in comparison to their youth .
Every age has its advantages and its disadvantages .
I quite agree with the idea which says that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people are more active .
They enjoy going out with friends and touring different places all over the world .
They like to go sight seeing and accompanying persons of the other sex , so a young man enjoys going out with a young woman .
They love doing that .
They are eager to get married , to have babies and to make a family and to spend life watching those little children growing up .
Young people have too many future projects and plans .
They have their own aims , hopes and goals which they wish to accomplish one day in the future .
They work day and nightto accomplish them .
They enjoy the times seeing them while they are being accomplished one after the other .
They can have too many plans for their future and career .
They have another piont of view towards it .
They see it in a different way .
To them , it is full of entertainment , love , hopes and plans .
It is beauty , nature , smiles and laughs .
It is business and winnings .

Meanwhile , older people know that their aims , goals and hopes are too short in time because they have acvcomplished them or parts of them .
They have already had families and children .
They have fewer ( or no ) future plans for a career .
Some of them have got bored with the toture that life has caused .
Some others may be crippled or facing some kind of diseases .
They have become less activethan young people .
In addition , some of the older people 's children may have left them face life and its difficulties and tortures without any aid .
In some civilized countries , those old people are being taken care in special houses or institutions .
They are being taken care of by their own children and grand children in many other countries .
Those who are being taken care of enjoy life more than those who are left without any aid or help but they do not enjoy it as much as young people .

Finally , I conclude that young people really anjoy life more than older people .
they see it from another point of view .
I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products much better than they really are .
It is originated from the nature of the advertisement , the celebrities influence and weasal words in ads .

The purpose of advertisement is to get you to buy the products .
Of course , advertiser will try their best to make the advertisements as appealing as possible .
How to acchive that goal ?
They will have to exaggerate the products , sometimes unintentionally .
For example , certain vacuum machine claims that it will never lose grib of dirt on TV .
We all know that it cannot be true simply because all machines can not always perform the best with aging .

Additonally , Commercials use celebritoes to add glamour to their products .
Everyday , we see Paris Hilton , Jessica Simpson and Britney Spears appearing on TV with perfect make-up and well-fit jeans .
We might imagine if we use that makeup that we will look just like them .
Obviously , it is not true .
Not everyone has such a good face and such a sexy body , but the commercials mislead us to dream of that , those advertisements make the products seem so much better than they really are .

Finally , there are full of weasal words to fansinate customers , such as `` better '' , `` younger '' , '' faster '' , `` more '' , When a toothpaste advertisement says '' we kill more oral germs than competitive brand does '' .
We have to ask `` how much more ? ''
One more ?
Two more ?
Or in fact no more at all ?
It can not be proved .
It alwalys easier to talk the talking .
Similarily , When a car says it can run faster , we have to know what the car is faster than .
A bike ?
A scooter ?

In conclusion , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are due to the nature of advertisement , the celebrities influence and weasal words .
We have to use our own judgements to choose carefully something that is really good for us .
Do n't follow ads blindly .
In my opinion , to learn facts is more important to understand ideas and concepts .
Because learning facts would be practical and memorable for students .
To understand concepts and ideas would be the base of learning facts .
However , without learning facts , ideas and concepts which students understood are nothing but their knowledge .

First , to learn facts is very practical .
For instance , when a child was going to touch a very hot kettle .
His or her mother would say `` Stop !
Do not touch !
It is hot and dangerous '' The child might understand the meaning of `` hot '' and `` dangerous '' as the ida or the concept .
He or she might stop their action , although their curiosity would never disappear .
We can say the same thing for the students .
When they understood concepts and ideas about Karate , they would think `` Karate is not that difficult . ''
Is that true ?
When they only understand ideas and concepts in class .
They would think that they know everything about that , but that is not true .

Second , students could learn facts and they would not forget about that .
In Japan , we have old words about learning facts and understanding ideas and concepts ; Hyakubun ha ikken ni shikazu '' that means `` When you see it , you will learn everything in no time and never disappear '' .
For example , the child who were trying to touch the hot kettle , would reach the kettle and got burnt , he or she would never forget about that .

On the contrary , after students learn facts , to understand ideas and concepts would be easy for them .
When they lost at Karate match , they would learn the concepts and ideas about Karate very quickly .
Even when they won , they would understand the concepts and ideas why they won

In conclusion , understanding ideas and concepts is very important for students .
Yet , without learning facts , their knowledge cannot be practical and memorable .
In business , it is said that `` Change is the only constant '' .
Through out history , examples abound where civilizations have fallen due to lack of change .
This applies equally to people and organizations .
Without a periodic renewal in the way things are done , there is a tendancy to stagnate and in certain cases , deteriorate .

I agree with the statement that successful people do take risks and venture out into new avenues , rather than doing repetitive tasks .
I would add a supporting assumption that the successful people base their work on certain core and fundamental principles that can be applied across various domains .
These principles include work ethics , moral values and judgements along with business and technical fundamentals .

Apple Computer 's CEO Steve Jobs is a prime example of a successful risk taker .
Instead of letting his upheaval from Apple during the 1990s shatter him , he started a new company NeXT , which was subsequently acquired back by Apple .
In parallel , he started Pixar animations , which is a completely different stream from what he was used to doing .
Now , both Pixar , with its animation movies , and Apple , with its iPod , Macintosh Computers , are immensely successful companies with Steve Jobs at their helm .
At the heart of his success lies the drive to do new things and doing the new tasks well instead of sticking with only doing one thing well .
A similar example is that of Lee Iacoca with his time in Chrysler and Ford .

The same statement applies to every professional .
In order to grow within an organization , it is not sufficient to just do ones job .
It is important to take that leap to the next level , which might be a big unknown , in order to show the capacity to grow to that next level and onward .
Do successful people try new things or do what they already know how to do well ?
I think successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks because a person can realize their abilities , meet luck or find the suitable choice after trying a few different things in life .

First of all a person needs to try things in order to realize their abilities .
For example , I learned how to play the piano when I was in third grade .
I was playing it well but of course , I was n't a virtuoso .
Taking a risk that I might be unsuccessful , I decided to start painting last year , and I saw that I was more talented in painting .
Actually , now I am quite successful that think I will study design in the future , but if I did n't take the risk , I would 've lose my chance to realize my talent .
Therefore , I believe that a person should take risks in order to explore himself/herself .

On the other hand , a person can meet their luck trying to find the best for themselves .
For example when you decide to do something new like starting a new job your chance of being successful is equal to your chance of failing .
As a conclusion , it is always worth trying .
For another instance , you have the chance of winning the lottery when you play it , but if you do n't , you ca n't win anthing .
I think you should take the risk of losing .

Last but not least , you can only find the suitable choice for you after a couple of trials .
For example my aunt was a tailor , but she wanted to open a restaurant .
In spite of the discouraging thoughts of our relatives , she opened the restaurant , and now she earns better than she did when she was a tailor .
So , she was successful with her new choice .
The same idea can exist whan a parson needs to choose a school .
You can always try one considering the chance of being sucessful and if you do n't like it , you should have the courage to take the risk of quiting it .
Because you might be more successful in another .
People should try new things in their lives in order to find the most suitable for themselves .

Successful people are the ones who try new things and take risks .
People should always take risks to be successful .
These days , many people are willing to help their communities through many ways such as donating clothings or money , However , some people think that young people appears to be putting little time to help , but I disagree with this statement because of two reasons .

Initially , since most young people are more active than the older people , I belive that they have better chances to help thier communities .
For instance , I saw many young people who are doing voluntary works in schools .
They sometimes teach poor people who cannot afford to go to college , and also , they teach poor kids , too .

Also , many young people engage in demonstrations to fight against some unappropriate regulations .
From my experience , some of the young teachers tried to change the company that was supplying for my school 's meals because the quality of the food was not good enough for students .
Because of their effort , my school could change the company and had better quality of food for the meals .

In addition , I think that the campaigns are mostly launched by young people .
For instance , in the church , there are many college students who are helping poor kids around the country by donating cloths .
Also they convince other people to donate by advertising their campaigns .
Sometimes they make posters , or they cook cookies by theirselves to advertise it .

In the conclusion , I think many young peope are giving enough time to help their communities by several ways such as demonstrating to fingt against some unappropriate rules , voluntary works , and donating for poor people .
Therefore , I disagree with the point that young people nowadays do not give enough time to help their communities .
I do not corroborate with the author that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
On the contrary , I feel that in general there is an increased awareness of one 's obligation towards society and towards the community one belongs to , and examples to reiterate this points can be seen in the various events and activities occuring around us .

Let us first dwell into what we mean my communities .
A community may be huge , as in the case of the country , or even the world , after all its a global community all of us live in .
It may even be small , like a small village which may only have inhabitants sharing a common family tree .
A community can be a group of people sharing similar thoughts , for example the community of female activists who who work towards the community of females , their rights and their enpowerment .
It may be the alumni of a university who seek to work towards the development , in what ever way possible , of their alma-mater .
Essentially a community is a group of people sharing similar thoughts , motives , ambitions , origin and a whole list of other attributes whose listing in itself will require lots .
Young people , realising what they owe to their origins from where they have come are actually playing a lead role in the development of their respective communities .

There are various instances of a boy from a small village of the under-privileged , somehow making it into an honourable university by virtue of hard work , going on to become a powerful industrialist or tycoon , and returning to his village to empower the people , to give them and the children out there what children in his days were deprived of .
No matter what the magnitude of help is , it is at least better than nothing .
People belonging to this genre not only donate money judiciously , but also their time .

Let me rather cite a personal example .
I am a member of the NSS ( National Social Service ) .
As the name suggests , it is aimed at helping the underprivileged through various ways .
More importantly , all of us are undergraduates .
There are a few students who go twice or thrice a week to teach children who cannot afford education subjects like Mathematics .
Others collect newspapers and spare stationery item from students in the campus , and the money we recover by selling these is used to buy books for those children belonging to the weaker sections of society .
More importantly , this is not a local organisation , it is an organisation operating actively at a national level .

Apart from such societies in which young people have enrolled in large numbers , there are a large number of young philanthropes who contribute very judiciously at times of tragedy .
Besides , many people volunteer to go to the unfortunate sites as well to provide relief to the victims , all this requires a lot of time .

There is an explicit line of difference between contributing with time and contributing with money .
Contributing with money alone does not necessarily sevre the purpose , what if the money goes into the wrong hands .
Th emobilisation of funde has to be monitored and contributions with time should be given an equal amount of emphasis , of not more , and a greater number of young people today understand it .

Gone are the days when the victims did not have any one to look up to when at need as several instances of history such as the recurrent draughts in the Rajasthan area of India has told us .
Although much still needs to be done , but we can all look towards a better future when more and more younger people will contribute with both money and time towards the upliftment of the downtrodden
Societies are bound together with the common values within their sharing and respect elements .
However , young people are not struggling for understading their communities .
For this reason , it is possible to argue that youth is the key element for understanding the combining values of a community however they are lack of this responsibility .
Three important reasons for this problem are the existence of variety in activities , people becoming more individual and lack of guidance from universities .

One of the main problems of youth not to give attention to community occurs with the variety of activities that they can participate .
Existence of many attractive activities , social centers and even university clubs makes young people to choose one of the things that they like .
For instance , if a student likes ceramics and learns an associated club in his university , he will possibly choose to perform his interest .
This situation can be applied to many university students in which they are regretting the need of community help but rather choosing to accomplish their individual needs .

Secondly , because of the technological improvements and its achievement in reaching every person , people started to think more individually and for their own seek .
For instance , the introduction of the internet to people especially stopped young people to take place in society and to communicate with each other .
Rather they spend their time surfing in the internet just looking for their own interest .
Because of this developing structure among the youth , it becomes harder to expect them in enrolling civic involvement works .
With the existence of many tools forcing youth to become alone and individual , the less respect for the community would occur .

Universities are the most important centers for young people to shape their charachters but guidance for community work is missing in most of the universities .
Rather universities started to become institutions as a key figure for job applications and better living conditions .
Recent information also shows that universities are trying to affect students by their success rather than enforcing community values .
As a result , lack of guidance towards community work also triggles the youth to become individuals .

As a result , young people are rather studying and behaving for their own good .
In the increase of this event there are important steps like university behaviors and technological improvements .
But it is very important to reduce this behaviour of the youth for the common good of the society .
Some people might believe that teenagers are not giving enough time to helping their communities .
This phenomenon can vaguely be related to the advent of individualism .
People are more and more self-centered , and tend to forgive the values of our society an how to share with others .
I disagree with that .
In this brief essay , I will give a few examples about people who dedicates themselves to communities .

We have been witnessing lots of changes during the last century .
Forests have been devastated , wild animals are threatened of extinction .
When I was a teenager , I created with some of my friends an association whose main goal was to protect a particular specy of owl .
We organized meeting with neighbors to inform them about that owl : how it lives , how it reproduces , and how it survived .
Then we asked about local scientists to embrace our cause and give more weigh to our communication .
We wrote articles too .
I left that club when my parents had to move away because of their job responsibilities .
But I kept in touch with my friends and our association still exists .

Another example is about the increasing amount of garbage that humans are producing each year .
I saw on Television last week that people in france are creating associations in order to clean areas that have been polluted over the past decades .
These associations are surprisingly mainly managed by young people , who find sponsors , gather funds , and coordinate their activities .

Finally , one of my colleague created a project useful for minorities , such as blind or deaf people .
With the help of our mayor , he planned to build infrastructures to help people cross the street , go into an elevator .

As I see more and more people around me giving their time for such causes , I 'm really convinced about the implication o
My personal opinion towards this matter is that a person with a specialised academic subject tends to be more successful than someone who has a good general overview of most subjects .
By this I do not mean that a person with a specialised subject is more knowledgable than a well rounded person .

Someone who has studied a subject in depth and has received a degree for it , will be more prone to getting a good job in their field of study than someone who has a wider general knowledge but a shadier knowledge in a certain particular field .
Nowadays , a degree is perhaps the most essential element required in order to get a good job due to the increasing competitiveness for places .
Therefore , somebody who lacks this degree will not be as likely to get the job as someone who has perfected their field of study , as the latter is likely to be more efficient and to provide a company with a different and wider approach of the subject required .

Notwithstanding that it is important to specialise in a field of study , it is also essential to have a wide understanding of other aspects in life which could be helpful towards a career .
Through past experience , I have encountered people who concentrate on a subject and are probably near to being the best at it .
However , I have also noticed that some of these people lack basic skills such as socialising with others .
This is not a generalisation , but a partial observation .

In conclusion , it is vastly important to have a good knowledge of a certain field of study , but optimally , it would be better to have an equilibrium between the two , having a broad general knowledge as well as knowing substantialy about a certain topic .
I completely agree with the statement that it is essential for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
This exercise is even more essential during early stages in their development .
This is because understanding ideas and concepts helps to develop a student 's mind .
Understanding an idea or concept encourages the student to apply his/her mind and come up with logical explanations , solutions and conclusions .
The student tends to develop analytical thinking and reasoning abilities .
He/she tends to becomes inquisitive and curious , constantly seeking information and looking out for answers .
He/she tends to participate more in discussions and debates , which help him to learn from other people and undertand their line of thinking .
He/she also tends to become more creative and contributive .
And , these are essentially qualities which employers seek when hiring potential employees .
This is the reason that companies stress more on personal interviews rather than written tests when hiring .
They look out for the essential qualities of analytical thinking , reasoning and creativity , all which stem from having the ability to understand ideas and concepts and connect things .

Learn facts is an exercise which is essentially done over a period of a person 's lifetime .
Often , facts that students learn in their school and college life may become outdated as science and technology progresses and new inventions and discoveries are made .
Hence to remain updated in a competitive world , a person is required to learn facts throughout his lifetime .

In conclusion , learning facts does improve a student 's knowledge base but unless he is equipped with analytical thinking and reasoning abilities he is less likely to make an impact which will help him to succeed in the longer run .
I disagree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject , because for scientific work and for work in enterprises it is necessary to know much about specific topics .

Having a broad knowledge in different subjects is of course not bad and some basics about different topics should be known by everyone but it is not an ideal way of spending ones time to study many different subjects .
When you know much about a single subject it can be astonishing because you will notice many things which you would not notice while only spending a little bit of time with the subject .
Specialize on a single subject means to get deep insight into the subject and not only learning some basics .
This opens new possibilities for example in scientific work .

To work scientifically on a topic more than some basic knowledge is necessary .
Deep insight into the subject and knowing the state of the art in science is needed to receive new scientific results .
Otherwise there would be a risk of receiving results which are already published , but this wo n't happen because people who do not know more than the basics in a subject do not get research positions .
But special knowledge is necessary not only in scientific research but also in industrial fields .

Technology increased in the past decades to a large amount and specialized knowledge is needed to develope new products or technologies .
The knowlege in technological concerns is so huge that it is impossible for single people to know everything and regarding to this having a broad knowledge in different fields means a lack of special knowledge about single topics .
This means that is is impossible to work in developing products and technologies with a broad knowledge .

A broad knowledge may have been favorable in the past but today it is necessary to have special knowledge in one specific subject .
Scientific research and developement of new products and technologies in enterprises are good examples for this .
Students in schools take their courses with either their choice or what they were preffered to take .
High schoolers are required to take general classes and students in colleges narrows down their subject to their major subject .
Even though students will be deciding their major , they should have knowledge from several academic subjects .

At first , students are supposed to take courses accourding to their interests .
Taking courses of what they are intersted in make them work harder and it will keep the students ' motivation for studying .
Even though they are choosing from their interests , their knowledge still should not be based only on one specific subject .
As the students study only from one subject , their knowledge will be narrowed down .
Even though it is possible , it is hard to live the world and live in this society as one worker with only knowledge from specified subject .

Getting knowledge from many academic subjects will build the basic knowledge for the students to go out to the society and work .
Without broad knowledge , people could often mislead their ways and decisions .
Even if the students learn from specific subject , they need to have broad knowledge .
Their knowledge from other subjects will help them to learn more for their major subject because there are always connections between each subjects or basic thought in the subjects .
Nowadays , it is hard to live in the society only with knowledge from one specific subject .

The students will not know if their one specific subject is right for them or it really interests them .
It can be hard to change their ways without having any broad knowledge afterwards .
No one knows if their one specific specialized subject will support the students through whole life .
Having broad knowledge of many academic subjects will be life support even in their jobs .

For example , becoming a business man will not be accomplished only with studying marketing .
As they survive in the business world , they need accounting , various languages , and psychology .
These three subject will support the business man fully .

To have broad knowledge from many academic subjects , people will have less trouble and more fun to live their life through .
People will need basic knowledge because everything is connected in the modern society .
Today young people give enough time to helping their communities .
Young people , thus , the new generation between twelve and thirty years old do their best to help their communities ; for instance , they organize several activities together : they visit old people on holidays , and bring them gifts and food .
They give free private lessons to small children in their communities .
They get involved in some youth clubs , and call writers , scientists , artists , musicians , or other people who have an impact on the society , to give a lecture in order to exchange some ideas with them .

Besides , at home they help their parents or other family members : they prepare the table , clean the house , wash the dishes ...
If a family member is ill , they visit this person .
By working part-time , they also gather money for the poor in their community .
They do all of these activities , as they study and work .
Sometimes they work part-time , because they want to contribute to the family budget .
They buy their needs with the money they earned .
With the rest of this money , they help the poor in their communities .

However , many young students have to study hard to pass their extremely difficult exams , and get high marks .
When they have exams , they may sit just concentrared on these exams , on reviewing the material that was presented them in class , or they may spend their time reading several scientific articles , or books .
They study also for their communities , as they have to be distinguished members of the society in which they live .
They study to learn and to help their communities .
In their free time , of course , they assist the work of the older members of their communities ; for example , think about a twenty year old girl , studying biology : she studies when she has exams , papers to write , or has to make a class presentation ; if this girl is Jewish , when the Jewish New Year , Rosh Ashanah , arrives , she will visit the poor of her community , and distribute food to the old poor people of the community ; these are the same things as what a Christian girl does on Christmas .
Young people are as helpful as the old ones .
Community involvement has always been viewed as an integral and substantial part in the development of young people into mature and responsible people of the society .
Even today we have academic institutions strongly involving their students to `` Give back to the community '' through a number of programs .
I am in strong view that young people today think of themselves as important members of their community and try to devote time to help out in their own way .

More than ever , young people today have been exposed to a large array of problems that their ancestors or even parents never faced .
Seeing the maginitude of crimes , social and political disturbance , racial and cultural discriminations , environmental problems have made today 's children more emphathic to the people and surroundings around them .
Comming from broken homes in cities falling prey to rising crime rates and poor environmental conditions , these young people have a better understanding of the problems their communities face .
Me and my friends have been involved in several community projects right from our school days .
From helping out at the local library to assisting the rotary club in our city in organising drives for collecting toys and clothes for the lesser priveledged children , we see our work in such projects as a meaningful extension of our lives .

Today , several young people see their community as one of the most central aspects of their being .
From deferring a year before college or graduate school in order to travel and volunteer for social organisations to choosing to work with non profit organisations for their internships , young people are increasingly becomming aware of the ways in which they could help not only their communities but reach out to people across the borders and seas .

One very positive aspect that works in the favor of students who actively contribute to their communities is that their work gets highly appreciated by colleges and universities that view them as prospective admits .
They see such students as well rounded people with more than just a prestigious degree or job on their mind .
There are several trusts that set up scholarships and travel grants for young people who have showed a more compassionate side of their self .
This motivates students to set time aside to work with social and environmental groups in their academic instituitions and communities .

Due to rising competition , it is true that students need to put it long hours to study for exams , write papers , prepare for job interviews and so on .
But I believe that by balancing their work with a sense of duty towards the world around them , they could do their part in making a change in their community .
This ideology is not only mine but also that of thousands of young people across the globe .
Some people think that we need to get new experiences and even to take risks to be successful while others support that we should only do our best at our expertation without new experiencesand without risks .
In my opinion , we have to obtain new experiences and take risks via contributing to technological developments by obtaining new perspectives and through increasing our performance by improving our cognitive ability or thinking .

Firstly , to endeavor new things can lead to new perspectives .
These perspectives can contribute to new innovations by providing improvements in the previous innovations .
For example , if an engineer tries a new machine when doing his habitual job , he can contribute to the technological development and so to the humanbeing .
It is inevitable to escape from taking risks to achieve such an aim .
In other words , the engineer has to work under the stresses such as the lost of time and money .
However , the possibility of the achievement or the possibility of the benefits of this new experince is worthful taking these risks .

Secondly , the performance of people can be higher and higher in time contributing cognitive capacity by unusual taks and under stress .
Thinking is an inevitable process for humanbeing and it can work better under new circumstances and especially under stress .
Coping with the difficulties created by new experinces can cause even higher stress and this stress can be resulted in even higher performence .
Otherwise , someone can think that there is no need for higher performance to complete his responsinilities/job .

Under the perspective mentioned above , I think we have to try the things which we have never tried before and take risks continuously to be more anad more successful .
I agree with the statement that `` It is more important for students to understand Ideas and cocepts than it is for them to learn facts '' because understanding gives clarity on the issue .

Understanding a concept or an idea will help the student in better implementation .
When a problem occurs during the implementation of concept , It is important that student knows exactly where to look .
This calrity can be attained only by understanding the concept and not by merely learning it .

For example , when a student after his graduation joins a software technology firm as a fresher , he is relatively new to the real world .
When asked to work on a project , he would feel comfortable with it if he understands the topic .
And in the middle stages of implementation , if a problem has occured he will know exactly where to look for .
learning facts will not help in understanding complex tasks .
There is a danger of gettting stuck , unable to find answers .

And also , Understanding concepts and ideas help in learnig complex tasks related to the topic .
For example , a student who has learned C language in college might find it difficult to learn JAVA .
But , A student who understands the concept of C language will find it easy to understand JAVA even though he might not have taken C language as a course in college .
After all basics are the foundations for healthy higher learning .

This phenomenon can be witnesse from the college level also .
A student who is well versed in the basic concepts of high school education has a higher chance of making it to the college than a student who is not .

Hence I conclude , saying that understanding ideas and concepts is better for a student than it is to learn them just for the sake of learning .
Generally speaking a successful person is someone who succeed in all his attempts , is good in his job and earns a lot of monnaye .
And all of this aspects are often seen in the area of a job .
So a successful person must have a good job and has to do his job as no one else , what can lead us to say that he tries new things and takes risks rather than only doing what he already knows how to do well .

To my mind , it 's right that to be successful somebody must have some nerves to apply some theories or to launch a new product on the market .
I think that without any qualities so as to stay undisturbed or the ability to forsee what will have some success , we ca n't have any success .
The two qualities , enonced in the subject , are also not enough .
Sometimes these successful people take risks , just because these risks extist , they do n't care about there success , but they like the game that it implies ; it 's not a question of doing well or not .

But I must say that there are other people , who one day also try new things with nerves and good ideas , but were unsuccessful .
So the fact to try new things and to take risks is not an insurance that our project will succeed .
There is a part of luck that we ca n't forget .
We can say that successful people are kind of lucky people .
And to be carefull is not so bad , I think ; because to do well is not something that anybody can do .
It requires qualities , which are not the same as to try something new , and it can appear as more difficult to do well as to be an aventurer .

I ca n't forget to say that there is a third class of people , those who do well , who analyse the situation and take advantage of it and so are successful .
And we can take example on these one , because they are a good melt of a raisonable mind and of an aventurer spirit .
To me both aspects are important because a student should have the knowlege and the understanding of the idea and the concepts of an specific topic before they learn a fact on it .

That is because I actually think that , when you have a fact on any matter , that fact happens as a response to several or various events that happend before therefore an student should know all the concepts and ideas , or all the information he can have on a certain matter to become aware or to have a logical explanation of why that fact or event turned that way .

In my specific field of medicine , that is obstetrics and ginecology , an student needs to know all the information about labor and delivery , for example , refering to all the changes the uterus , the delivery channel and the vagina go thru , and all of the bio-mechanical aspects of the uterus contractions , the biochemicals aspect of the contraction , all the active and passive changes that the mother an the fetus have in the labor and delivery event , as well as all the changes that occur in the pregnancy , before getting to learn how to take care or handle a delivery event .
That way if something goes wrong he will have all the information on wath is going wrong an if there is a way to make it go the way it is supposed to go , and have the knowledge to handle any undesired event .

Tha same reason apllies to a student that can learn how to do a c-section , or learn the tehcnics aspects of how to perfomr it , but if he does not have all the anatomical information about the human body , anything can go wrong in that procedure and it will turn to the death of the mother and the baby .

So I think that every fact has an explanation and the more you learn about the conceps or ideas leading to a certain fact the more you will know about the fact itself .
I totally agree with this statement , cause i think its really the best way to discribe a successful person .

I will start by mentioning why i think thats true , lets say some bussiness man thinks of starting a new business , and the man who is really considered a good example in my opinion is BILL GATES .
He started the microsoft while it really was a very risky and new investment to the world who really didnt know anything about operating systems and so on , so intorducing this new operating system by Bill Gates in MICROSOFT was really risky and a new thing , but Bill Gates took this risk and now he is the richest man on earth .

Well ofcourse we cant just say that taking a risk and doing new things is enough for a successful person , this person needs to keep tracking his business and have this kind of enthusiazm of being better and better .

Lets say Bill Gates just started his bussiness with microsoft with the first windows ( operating system ) and then he just took a rest and didnt think of what he could do next or what he could do more to make his work keep going , that would totally led the company to a break down as there is lots of other companies who are working on the same firm .

All i want to say is , if someone is just happy for what he got and know , and dont try to search for better results , that would end him as a unsuccessful person sooner or later .

May be a person is so successful now and he is taking risks and doing new things , and for some reason this person just stopped caring or thought that is enough for now , in my opinion in our new world this (( i think thats enough for now )) thinking would not work anymore , cause life is changing so fast and people keep asking for more new and better things all the time so we have to keep runnig in the right track .

My opinion may took the bussiness side of the statment but i really think our world now is really just living by business and managment and the more you are successful in this fields the more you are successful in your life , as life is all about how to learn new things and risk to accept the new challanges that encounter through your life everyday .
I agree with the statement that it is important for students to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .

Basically our mind is like a fire which needs to be kindled and not a vessel to be filled up .
Ideas and concepts are the right catalyst to set our mind wondering and thinking on those topics .
Famous scientist Albert Einstein used the age old calculus to derive the theory of relativity .

Our inventions and discoveries have relations to the past .
The present technologies owes a lot of its origin to the earlier generations .
We cannot do things abstract and all of a sudden out of the blue .
It may appear to have happened that way , when we superficailly go through the matter .
A deeper study reveals the connections , which are very interesting .

Facts are simple statistics .
They are very important .
They need to be collected and kept for rational reference .
We take decisions based on facts not on ideas and concepts .
So that is the role of facts in our life , I feel .
For example , if we need to know whether a specific disease has become an epidemic and if the government needs to msuter more support and put in more efforts to curb the further spreading of the disease , we need to know the number of patients registered at the hospitals with the symptoms of that disease recently .
These are essential in leading us to make a crucial decision .
Facts can be of various types .
Some about the past which would relate to the history of the land .
Some relate to who did what etc and some good to know information .
They have their importance in the society .

A students life is very important phase in his career .
We need to choose carefully what he needs to understand to keep his inquisitiveness and mind in search of quests .
This will take us a long way in builing a society where there will be no deficieny of innovations , discoveries and inventions to acclerate us towards further growth and development .
I am graduated from Sabanci University ( SU ) , one of the leading universities in Turkey .
In SU , the educational system is different than other universities and it is the only one which is different .
The difference is that all students are to take the same classes in the Freshman and Sophomore years , and to take their classes of interest on the following two years .
The students are educated in order to have a similar background which includes many diverse areas of study , and to be specialized in their area of study afterwards .
For instance , a student from the Mechanical Engineering Program has to pass the History or the Humanities class , whereas a student from the Visual Arts Program has to pass the Nature of Science or the Mathematics class .

This system lets students have broad knowledge of many academic subjects without a major specialization and I think this system will lead future generations to more interdisciplinary areas of study and cause strong and mutually beneficial business cooperations forming more specific business fields .

Students , having experienced such varying fields , will be more determined about which subject to specialize in during their postgraduate studies .
I , having graduated from SU in Visual Arts and Visual Communications Design Program , am now eager to have my MA in Sound Design .
Without having been through a variety of subjects during my education in SU , I would not be so determined and confident to make such a decision .
`` It is better to have broad knowledge of subjects than to specialize in one '' the above statement explains that the knowledge about all subjects is better than knowledge about a perticular one .
I think that the blend of the knowledge about all the subjects is helpful in general avairness about all the subjects to the person so it will be helpful for certain level that is it should be kept upto schooling and the specialisation in one subject will give rise to new inventions , so both have an equal importance and the bleand of both in correct proportion will give success to a person .

The knowledge of many acadamic subject will influence a person and give overall general idea about all the subjects as he needs to get allround development so this study will give the person the culture and the path to be followed in his future and the person will be having the basic knowledge of each subject and its importance , so the study of all subjects helps in allround development .
for example the person will be able to understand the working of politics and his responsibilities if he has some basic knowledge about politics or civics .

The specialization in one subject plays an important role as it leads to invention as the specialist in science led to the discovery of electricity .
for example the invention of laser printer has helped us in producing print outs of information in more faster and easy way .
The specialization in one subject may help in the interaction with the people in the correct way , for example the specialization in english will help him to use the english in more correct way and can express his views easily .

The bleand of the both knowledge about all subject and specialisation in one subject plays a major role for the success so the correct proportion of both will develop a person into allround and will help the invention of new products which will make the life of the people more comfort and leads to the development of the country .
I would probably disagree with the statement because its more like an opinion stated considering a specific area of interest or pertaining to a particular place in the world .
I say this because cars have , of late , started being affordable to the common man .
They are no longer the prized posssession of the high-class and the elite` .
Cars have become the common mode of conveyance in the recent past and this situation is likely to persist for atleast a while , why not for 20 years .
Cars are nowadays seen to accommodate all kinds of people and have emerged as the economical and faster means of conveyance anywhere in the world .

The idea that there will be fewer cars in the years to come is entirely provincial in my view .
We should not forget the fact that a larger share of the population in any nation still commute by auto-rickshaws , buses and trains even today .
People who are primarily concerned with their financial status prefer travelling by buses to having a car .
Majority of the middle and most of the lower classes do not even consider the option of owning a car .
For instance , a person who plans to spend $ 100 for his monthly conveyance cannot opt for a car which incurs an expenditure of 250 $ as it consumes the lion 's share of his earnings .
Thanks to the ever-rising petroleum and crude oil prices , the option of owning a motor vehicle has gone further down the list of luxuries to be possessed .
But , the wide range of comfort a car offers has been something to think about in the present day situation where time is of essence and the need for speed in life is pronounced .

Cars are the emerging mode of transportation in the present world scenario in a broader sense .
They are no longer a luxury , rather a necessity now .
I would personally like to justify my opinion by saying that any statement made can be acceptable if and only if its applicable to the majority of the population .
Ofcourse , in the United States , travelling by air has proved to be cheaper than that of by air and thus can lead to speculations that ground travel would be less preferred in the future .
Pollution has also been cited as a reason in the case of cars .
But in view of the larger picture of the globe , it can be said that cars would continue to be the most common mode of transport and commutation in the near future .
I totally agree with the statement that nowadays young people do not give enough time to helping their communities .
They pay little attention to the needs of their communities , acting as if they were not involved .

I think there are three main reasons which explain this opportunistic behaviour .
First , the governements and the schools do not promote enough the importance of helping the community .
I know only few schools which make the social service as part of their curricula .
I think that as soon as possible people must learn that the community service is a civil duty .
We all belong to the same society , and therefore we must share the tasks .
That is why school and universities should consider the comunity service as a prerequisite to be admitted , and also should induce their students to do it during the accademic years .

The second reason why young people do not give enough time to helping their communities is that they do not have time .
The modern society is mostly based on some values which do not include the community service .
The main purpose is to make profit which means that the main value is money .
Nowadays the competition is radically increasing and therefore the efficiency is becoming crucial .
The sooner you are graduate , the sooner you start to work , the sooner you get promoted , the sooner you make more profit .

from this point view , it is obvious that young people see the community service as a waste of time .
That is why , in order to resolve the problem , the way of thinking should change .

Unfortunately I think that this will never happen .
The global economy promoted by most of the governements inevitably lead young people to act in an opportunistic way .
The only chance they have no to be left out is to be efficient .
Efficiency do not leave time for helping the communities .
I do n't agree with the statement that in tweny years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .

In the last 100 years the growth of cars in use has followed an exponential pace , to the point that in the world today there are several millions of cars in use .
That pace is likely to continue , especially because many countries all over the world still have a huge potential in their cars ' markets , specifically emerging countries .

Some reasons that could hinder the growth of cars in use would be a higher use in public transportation or a feeling of disdain towards cars , which could be derived from high oil prices .

A higher use in public transportation could be result of no more physical space , but that may happen in big cities with a huge number of cars , not in rural areas or emerging countries where there still is a lot of room for cars .
In addition , people in those areas have a big incentive - if they can afford it - to buy a car because , since public transportation is not common and/or efficient , cars in those areas are even more useful .

An increase in the oil prices could be another reason why people would stop using their cars , and eventually stop buying them .
However , we must not forget that the main car manufacturers are already producing some cars that work with biofuels .
Those models are still almost experimental , but their technology is highly susceptible of being improved , so the number of cars in use would not be influenced by high oil prices .

Finally , I have been using indifferently the number of cars in use and the growth rate of cars in use .
It is important to note that even if the growth rate of cars in use decreases ( in other words it does not keep the same rising pace ) the number of cars in use would still be higher than today .
In order to make the statement come true the growth rate in the number of cars in use should actually be negative , and I do n't think that is going to happen in the next 20 years ; the potential to grow is still overwhelming .
I do not agree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than old people do '' .
Many old people might enjoy life more than many young people do , since they know more about life because of their age , or they know that they are close to end so they want to enjoy it as much as possible before it is gone .
Enjoying life is not related to person 's age .
It is more related to individual 's personality , or the life conditions that individual has , and the accidents or luck that the life brings to an individual .

I know many young people who are dealing with many problems of life rather than enjoying it .
Financial problems , or career concerns are the main topics that makes young people too much stressed about life .
However , when we look at the old people , it is not hard to see on their face the scarces of satisfaction and awareness .
They were slowed down , they ended the competition with other people , and just try to enjoy the life after accepting it as what it is .
Therefore , it would be invalid when someone claims that young people enjoy life more than old people do .

Mainly , enjoyment of life is mostly related with personality .
In spite of many difficulties and the rapidness in their lives , there are many young people who enjoy life .
Maybe , those are the ones who can balance their enjoyments and responsibilities .
While they are holding a lot of hard work , they also leave some time to have fun , dealing with friends , families and social activities .
Someone might have a positive motivation of life , which makes him/her optimistic about the facts , and leads him/her to enjoy the life .
Some others might have negative motivations that they only see the negative aspect of the facts and can not be able to enjoy life because of their motivations .
Some people might be too much concerned with the only `` responsibiliy '' or `` career '' part of the life that they do not allow themselves to relax , spend time with friends and experience the enjoyable and easy parts of the life .

To sum up , enyoying life is not related with the person 's age .
It is more related to person 's character , the person 's perception of life .
There are many young people who do not enjoy the life because of their negative motivations of life or because of the other priorities in their lives .
There are many old people who enjoy life more than many young people do because their old age give them the awareness of life and the rapidness of time .
And those motivates them to enjoy as much as possible when there is still time .
The issue at hand is whether the number of cars in use will reduce , as compared to today , over the next twenty years .
According to me , this statement is not in harmony with my thoughts .
I think that the number of cars in use will , infact , increase over the next twenty years .

Firstly , using a car adds upto the convenience of an individual .
It reduces the travel time , that is , one can reach his destination earlier in a car .
It also gives comfort to a person during his travel , not stressing him out because the journey .
So , people will think of buying cars rather than wasting time and getting stressed out because of the journey .
This will lead to a considerable increase in the number of cars in use .

Secondly , having a car also adds up to the status of an individual .
Most of the people predict an individual 's personality by looking at the car he drives , that is , the car speaks for the man .
As years pass by , the physical appearance of the car will become more and more attractive , thereby hypnotising people .
This will help an individual to show of his personality by purchasing an appropriate car .
So , people will prefer to buy cars over years in order to create a distinctive appeal over other people .

Thirdly , considering the advancements in vehicle techology , it has become easy for an individual to afford a car .
The modern technology and innovations have brought down the car prices considerably , which now provides an opportunity to the bourgeis class of people to afford a car .
As , we know the major part of the world 's population comprises of the middle class , I think , this will considerably account in increase in the number of cars over the next twenty years .
Also , the recent technology has increased the efficiency of a car to run more miles on comparatively less number of gallons of fuel , that has attracted a lot customers which will again account in the increase in the number of cars in the next twenty years .

Finally , I conclude by saying that , as long as technology and human desire exist the number of cars in use will keep on increasing over time .
I do not think young people nowadays do n't dedicate enough time to helping their communities .
If by `` communities '' other concrete , fully fledged people like them , also presumably living in the same country , are meant , this is certainly not the case .
At least , to the extent that young people fulfill their duties properly .

A typical young person is , indeed , one who has a job and spends most of his time with it .
Well , I take this to be exactly the most effective way of helping other people in a community .
By carrying out his or her work properly , as well as with all the competence required , a young person really does serve the other people at his or her best .

Many young people do not have a job , to be sure , as they are still studying and spend most of their time at the university .
Even so , I think they are of great help to their own communities .
For their studies will eventually result in some skills and qualifications .
These will hopefully enable them to serve the society as soon as they accomplish their duties as students .

There are , of course , possible objections to such a line of thought .
One could argue , for example , that a typical way of helping a community is being engaged in politics and that this is what most young people actually refuse to do .
There might be some truth in this remark .
But I think we may not legitimately expect people to exhibit what they did not receive .
As long as politics is so confused and discouraging , it is not fair to expect from young people a sort of interest they could not get from their models in society .

Let 's take a different example .
Helping a comminity is often thought of as going to hospitals and vising ill people .
These are very good deeds , of course .
But , coming back to the point I made above , these are also things that can better be done by quilified guys who have been especially trained for this purpose .

Summing up , if we assume that young people are generally good guys and that they do what they are supposed to do , I do n't think they are selfish or do not spend time for the sake of those communities where they live .
Now a days , the media is flooded with advertisement .
From medicnes to sports , form food to cars , the media comunicates to the world new and sophisticated products every day .
However , many of these new products seem to be idealistic and fantastic to be true , thus questionning its reliabilty .
For example a medical drink for fat people that does not involve diets or doing sports .
I belive that modern advertisement is in fact the new type of propaganda , the media is flooding our minds with half truths and half lies at the same time .
The new machines for indoors sports are a typical example of this .
New machines that are suppose to work magnificiently over a small period of time , are not only expenseive , but also inneficient .

On the other hand , the poor reliability of adverstisement was imposed by ourselves .
The consumerism society we live in is constantly demanding for perfection , so that is why adverstisment tend to alter or bend the truth to some extend .
For example , if I see an advertisment about a restaurant , it is not enough for me to see the quality of the food they sell as their product , but it is more interesting if they tell me about the quality of their product , like how good their meat is , or how tastefull the bread is .
Therefore , this need of flare in comunication ways has created , for me , a different ideas of the products offered in a certain piece of adversitsement .

Although this may be true , occasionally some pieces of advertisement are really reflecting the true image of the product they are selling .
For example , machines and technology to make our daily lives easier , like new blender machines or washers , trully performe to the level the advertisemtent says it does .
However , for oneself , it may no be the case but the reason for this is that the machine is misused or its purpose misunderstood .

In conclusion , I believe advertisement sometimes exagerrates products , but also , sometimes it is us that cannot use them appropiately .
Therefore i belive that although advertisements do make products better , we must also be carefull on how we judge these advertisements an if we truly understand how the product works or to waht end .
According to the question `` Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities '' I agree to the fact in the question .
I feel that this issue is not in a specific country or community but its almost in the entire world of humans .
Life compared to the past has changed a lot today .
The generations today have a busy life of their own and may have forgotten their responsibilities of giving a helping hand to their community .

In todays life the young people are busy with their jobs , own family , kids and are trying to give better comforts , good education and a luxirous living to their children .
Talking about jobs or a busy profession there is so much competition among the co-workers to update themselves and go to better positions through promotions .
In certain situations the young people forget the sacrifices their parents did for them , in bringing them up to a good position by giving them good education and providing all the nessicities they required in their childhood .

There are a lot of old age homes comming up every where all over the world for the older community .
The strong reason behind this is the older community is being neglected by the young ones .

There are other reasons too in a developing country like India where the population is very high and there is a lot of unemployment , in such situations the youngsters have nothing to do for themselves and are helpless in their own situation and cannot do anything for their own community or older community .

Financial burden is one factor that everyone faces today and the greed for a better position and a greed for more money make the younger generation selfish at times .
So according to me the younger generation do not concentrate in helping their communities either the older or younger communities .
The world is full of people with a wild range of different personalities , different experiences , and even more diffrent ways of seing life .
Some people enjoy life more than others , but it does not depend on the age of the body .
Therefore , I truly disagree with the statement that says `` Young people enjoy life more than older peolple do '' .

Each age has its own magic , and in every step of our lives we learn and develop abilities that help us to enjoy the time we are living .
For example , when a young child begins to communicate with his or her mother by the use of words , probably feels really proud of it , and enjoy it .
The same happens when a baby starts playing with toys , or a kid learns to read .
This fact can be applyed to adults when they reach their first academic degree or when they get married .

Furthermore , every person has its personal way of enjoying the things he or she does , in addition to a unique form of expressing how he or she feels .
For instance , two humans being can experiment the same situation at different periods of their lives , react to it in a very different way , but enjoy it similarly .

Other fact that is important to have in mind is the concept of joing .
It should vary from one person to another , besides the fact that a person can be having pleasure when other understands that the first one is suffering .
As an illustration , I will state the imagen of a person crying , I can infer that something bad has happened to the person , nevertheless he or she can be crying of happiness .

In conclusion , I believe that each person enjoys life in his or her own way , and would like to add that will be very helpful for humanity to stop looking at situations from a personal perspective and try to understand that each person lives as he or she wants and not to compare between them .
Every person enjoys life in his or her own way .
Though , I personally believe that youngsters enjoy life more than older people do .

Firstly , the reason why i think so is that as we grow older the responsibilities we have only get more and more .
For example , when I was a kid studying nursery I didnt have any resposibility at all or for that matter very less .
When I was in high school I had to study well to get admission into a good college .
Then in High school I had to get decent grades and also had to help my parents in their work .
Though it was not a burden for me , it surely was a responsibility which i had to do as their daughter .
As a person grows their responsibilities also grow , not just as an individual but also as a person in the family and in the soceity .

Also most of the youngsters tend to take life in a lighter way than the older people .
So we enjoy that phase of our lifethe most .
The older people have already undergone things in life , that make them plan for their future in a certain way or save money for their family .
But the young people tend to spend their money on luxurious things or on more enjoyable things .
For instance , When I was in college I used to spend most of my money on shopping and stuff .
That was enjoyment for me then .
But now I realise the importance of saving money for the future and I shop only when I have the need for it .

Another important point I 'd like to mention is that enjoyement lies in the way we perceive it .
Most of the young people do not have anything major to worry about .
They enjoy the life they are living , doing things at their own pace .
All they have to bother about is their studies .
This is not the case with the older people .
Their lives are more or less very stressful , be it due to family problems or tensions in the work place .

In conclusion , I would say that a person enjoys his life the most when he is young .
Trying new things and taking risks can sometimes make a person more successful rather than doing what they alredy know .
However , there are times this can have the opposite effect .

Firstly , I would like to mention why this statement can be true at some times .

People who have learned how to do a job and gained working experience have the choice to just keep doing what they learned or takeing risks .
This means for instance that they come up with a new idea or try to change the way things are .
Due to this his boss , customers or other people on whom his job depends , become focused on him and he differs from everybody else .
If these new things are good , he will most likely be promoted or the customers want to work with him again .
The same is true when deciding to open a buisness by himself .
He could become the owner of a flourishing company when taking this risk .
In all those occasions it is important to try new things and take risks in order to become successful .
However , there are other situations in life .

Now I would like to point out the problems of taking risks in some areas of life .

Risks can develop into a problem while attending school or college .
Often one is expected to answer in a specific way and not to invent new ways .
There it is good to do what one knows how to do well .
Moreover , it is better not to take any risks while studying for a test or exam .
The consequences might be severe , depending on the risk that has been taken .
For instance , steeling the answers for a quiz , a great risk , might end with beeing disqualified and getting the worst grade possible .

In conclusion I would like to point out that one always has to evaluate the risk with the possible outcome and how this consequence might be achieved in a different way .
Then
Generally speaking , I agree that it 's more important for students to understand concepts than to learn facts .
However , both studying methods present advantages and disadvantages .
First of all , though memorization has the advantage of requiring less concentration and less effort from the student , it 's more likely to forget what you learnt by heart after a short time .

On the other hand , though understanding ideas in depth takes a longer time and implies more effort from the student , it is easier to remember the concepts you adequately understood , and to relate them to your background knowledge .
For example , when I study Maths , I realise that I ca n't simply memorize information , and that I really have to understand every detail in depth .

On the other hand , I admit that sometimes it might also be useful to learn facts by heart .
For instance , when I study History , it often happens to remember historical events according to the chronological order they occured .
In this case , I think that it 's not necessary to spend time trying to understand ideas , as I am just expacted to learn a list of events by heart .

Thus , though I really prefer to understand ideas , I think that my position is between these two extremes .
In fact , I choose my approach according to the subject I am studying .
When dealing with a scientific subject like Maths , I prefer to understand every detail in depth , as this is necessary to solve exercises and to be adequaltely prepared .
On the other hand , when I am just expacted to memorize information , I prefer to learn facts by heart .
For these reasons , I believe that my approach to studying is between these to extreme methods .
The issue at hand is that learning through understanding ideas and learning through facts , which one is more important for students ?
This issue is very important , becasue learning knowledges and studying trough different methods are very important for the students future career .
I believe learning facts is more important , for some reasons .

Learning facts is preferable because facts offer a lot of experiences that are very rare , and also easily understandable .
Those experiences are from outside of the classrooms , they come from the real world , using these experience facts , students can learn knowledge faster , they will save time to study other knowledges .
This is very important for the students ' future career , the reason is that most of the employers are glad to hire employees who can work immedietely , since this kind of employees can bring the profits to company as soon as they are hired .
For example , operating a machine should n't be very hard for the students , because they have already understood those ideas and concepts , but when these students begin to work in the real factories for the first time , they are still confused about those operations , because they do n't have the experiences of operating those machines .
Based on this reason , learning factors is superior to understanding ideas and concepts , because learning concepts can only offer students general knowledge , concepts can not give students more skills about the real work .

Additionally , I believe learning facts is a right option because facts are usually more interesting and active , so , they can be remembered easily by the students .
Trying to think about this : concepts that only presents on the papers with black characters and videos shows the real production processes in a factories , which one is more attractive ?
which one would you like to choose ?
I believe the answer is very obvious .
So , I like learning facts over just understanding ideas and concepts due to the fanny that I can find in the learning the facts .

To sum up , I believe learning facts is the correct choice , I would choose this because I believe students can remember more knowledges when they learning facts , and also , facts include a lot of real experiences which is rare and very important for the students to start the future work .
i do agree with this statement .
people who take the risks are the ones who are successful .
for exmaple , if we look into our everyday lives , we can see that most millionares and billionares are the people who have actually tried something in thier lives and the people with normal wages are the people who are working for them .
The difference between the Employer and the Employee .
Not all these successful people begin successful or even have a gift that they are born with ...
in some cases that is .
Most of those people are born just like you and me , and just have vague ideas of particular suff excatly like everyone else .
The only problem is that they have the courage to actually take a shot and see if thier idea works unlike everyone else who walks around saying that i had an idea or i though of that !

If no one actually took the shot of doing something and showing the whole wide world what he was thinking about most inventions in our time now would not have existed and we would be where our ancestors were before thousands ands thousands of yeas ago , right back to the times of cavemen using tools made out of wood and rocks .
so imagine this , no cell phones , no tv 's , no cars , no washing machines , no driers , no ovens no nothing !
yes you probably envy those `` successful '' people and wish that was you or you just pray to god that he would lose all his money in a way and eventually become a `` normal '' paid citizen just like you are but as a matter of fact if it wasnt for his risk on showing his idea your necessaties or goods that you buy for liesure would not have been provided for you .

We are all basically the same , but these special people who come up everytime and time again are the successful people .
Now i know for a fact that i might not be one of them but you can always hope for things to happen for you .
Try your best at taking risks as you never know you might end up on the `` successful '' list .
Theres no use of living your whole life without taking a risk ...
whats the fun of life then .
To start with , I must admit that I like watching advertisements on TV or at the movie theatre as well as I like to look at them in newspapers and magazines .

But in my opinion one of the reasons why i like looking at product advertising IS that they do not only make products look better but actually create a better looking simply more beautiful world .

For example , if you watch an advertisement for a skin blemish concealer stick , what you are made believe ist that is perfectly covers up any blemish or red spot that my occur on zour face .

The advertisement for this is probably about young people of zour own age , completelz excited about going on a date , so zou can identifz zourself with them easilz .
How the storz probablz goes on is that a little red spot on the chin is about to ruin the romantic date , but then the concealer comes into place and perfectlz covers it up .
At this moment , everzbodz is going to be perfectlz happz about it and zou might probablz want to be in their shoes .
I must add that advertisements usuallz show beautiful , healthz looking people so zou would probablz want to be a little bit more like them and less like zourself anzwazs .

In mz opinion , what actuallz happens is that zou associate the product being presented to some sort of special , happy , cheerful mood .
Furthermore , of course zou also associte it with attractive bodies , beautiful faces and an outgoing , happz character thus with people that make friends easilz and obviouslz seem to lead the life zou desire a little bit .

So I agree that the product is actuallz made look better but not onlz through the use of brighter colors to highlight the product itself but via the atmosphere that is communicated through the advertisement .

As a last example , if you u

our face
Cars have been the means of transportation around the world for centuries .
It is no doubt that the car is a major part of many peoples lives .
So will there be fewer cars in use twenty years from now ?
Well , I think that the car will very much be present twenty years from now and probably with more users then ever , with a few changes to the car 's functions and design of course .

I think that the car will change greatly over a twenty year period .
Resulting in a burst of popularlity with many individuals around the world .
I think that many of the functions of the cars will be changed as well .
I think that the car , twenty years from now will use electric fuel not gasoline .
I think this because there are many problems arising around the world regarding the price of gasoline .
Not only is the price of gasoline expensive but it is also destroying the atmosphere , resulting in global warming .
I feel that the car industry will thus , shift its vision on cars from gasoline to highly productive , well-made electric cars .
These electric cars will not only run on small amounts of electricity , but it will also have no exhaust pollution , creating a better and cleaner environment .
It is because that I think these changes will occur that I say that the number of cars will not diminish in the future .
I feel that with the environmentally friendly benefits and with the attachment that society already has on cars will make people keep riding cars .

I also think that there will not be fewer cars in twenty years because I think that many people in many socities are very attached to the car .
It is not a mere transportation vehicle , but it is a part of tradition to drive a car in many countries .
For example , it is a tradition to get your drivers license when you turn the age of 16 in America .
Also it is a sign of wealth in many countries to own a car in many countries , such as China .
Therefore , I feel that there will not be a decline in the use of cars because ; by losing the car you will lose many traditions , and traditions are a part of culture .
So it is hard for me to think that the human race would diminish an entire part of culture from there lives within a short period of twenty years .

The attachment to cars by the human society and the possiblity to alter cars to better suit the needs of the environment and the people , make me conclude that the usage of cars will not decline in twenty years .
First of all I have to admit that it is very difficult for me to say if I agree or disagree with this statement .
In my opinion it is a very important thing that young people give enough time to helping their communities .
But young people do not and neither do I. I do not have any time to help my community because I spend most of my time at university and I have to work verz hard in my free time , too .
I can understand why young people do not want to help their community .
The first reason is that young people do not get money for this work .
Perhaps if they got money they would help their community .
Another reason is that young people only want to enjoy their lifes .
They do not think a lot about community .

Another reason could be that young people want to discover the world .
They do not want to stay with their community .
Perhaps it is possible to lure young people to help their communities .
If there were good conditions they would help .
And if some young people began this work other people would follow .
So if many young people were involved in this help they would have fun together .
Furthermore it is necessary to make a lot of advertisment for helping the community .

But from my point of view you have to see the facts .
As I mentioned at the beginning of my essay young people are not interested in helping their community and I think it would be a really difficult briefing to change their behaviour or opinion .
And I think there are other people who have to help the community , for instance the major .

So , in summay I have to say that I am a little bit sad about it that I can not help my community very much .
But I can understand people who do not have any time helping their community or do not want to .
From my point of view young people have to solve other problems than helping their community .
But people who do not have a lot work to do might help .
The life brings out too many alternatives for a person for enjoying the life .
The hard thing for him/her is being able to do that thing .
The reasons behind this `` ability '' can be the age , environmental factors or family situations .
But if we consider only the age , I think young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Altough I am only twentytwo years old and have not experienced being old , I agree this statement from my observations .
My basic arguments and observations are as following ; young people have more physical abilities than the do older people and they mainly do not think about all the apects of a situation These two help them while enjoying the life .

First of all phisical abilities are very important .
Because if a person is not able to go , do , or reach something there is going to be a limitation for him/her .
For instance , I think that sea holidays are important experineces for people .
Although it seems relaxing , it contains traveling , adapting a different weather if the person has gone a different place , and lastly sitting under the sun .
These are very very vital elements that can harm an old person 's health conditions .
He/she has to think very carefully before going and if she/he is gone she/he has to take care of himself/herself .
but mainly young people do not have these kind of limitations and can go if the conditions let them go .

Additionally , older people mainly think deeply about the situations that they face .
I think this is an unconcious fact and a result of being experienced .
The experience that they have help them to predict the results of the situations and they may hesitate about doing something .

However , I think this case being unexperienced is more advantageous .
Bacause , a person with lack of experience does not consider mainly the results of something .
In this point I am not talking about considering the circumstances at that time .
The point I want to reach is caring too much about the results and I think what the older people do is that .
This makes them too caringabout the results and limited .

In conlusion , if only the age is considered , younger people have more advanteges for enjoying the life than the old people .
But in fact it is not the only parameter for the enjoy a person has from his/her life .
An old person can enjoy life than do a young person if additional parameters like family conditions are included in this statement .
I do not agree with the statement expressing the idea that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , and this for a variety of reasons .

In the first place modern city planning is partially leading toward a horizontal , spread-out model of contemporary metropolitan areas .
Examples of this trend are urban developments of cities like | Los Angeles , Mexico City and San Paolo , which have spread over vast areas .
This tipe of city growth is going to enhance the importance of the car in everyday life , as long as we need to take the freeway to go to the grocery store .

Moreover I do not see changes in culture that would cause people to buy fewer cars .
In fact cars are also important to plan our days as we want to ; so that even if it was more and more difficult to afford them , they would be still used because they would enable us to be more independent with what we want to do and when we want to do it compared to public transportation .

Cars are also a status symbol , and people are going to buy them not only because they are useful , but also because they can show theit status by ownig a particular kind of car .

It is extremely important for us to move , and be where we want to be at the convenient time .
Cars and modern means of transportation such as buses and cheap flights allow us a grade of freedom in time and space that was not even dreamed in other eras , and this is not going to stop .
Plus , cars can give us freedom of movement combined with independency from other - except in traffic jams .
This in my opinion is the reason why the number of cars circulating is not going to shrink in the close future .
Seeing how much energy a young person has , in contrast with an older one , you can think that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Moreover , a young person seems to have less pressure on him , and the whole life-span in front of him , whereas an older one have already spent a great part of his time .
So the statement seems to be right , but I am not of this opinion yet .
In fact , I think older people can enjoy life more than young people , as long as they do not have physical impediments which are too big .
When you have seen a lot of facts in your life and passed throught a lot of experiences , you gain a vision about life which allows you to appreciate every nice moment in your life .
You are able to see the valuable things every days life can offer .
On the contrary , when you are young and have still to show what you can become and what you can achieve , you have a lot of pressure on you .
You are always trying to have more of everything , failing to appreciate what you have .
Too big ideals or goals make you not to see the beauty which surrounds you , because you are too concerned about finding your place in life .
I can see that observing my parents , and the calm they have when they must front bad things .
They know they have the ability to pass through bad situations , because they have already done so in the past , whereas any problem seems a new and diffucult one to me , because my lack of experience .
Of course a young body is more efficient than an old one .
This fact would support the statemets quite well , but with all the improvements in medicine and in life style , I think it is not a crucial issue .
Lots of friends of my parents go biking every weekends , and they are probably better trained than me .
Moreover , you generally have more money to spend when you are older , and this is surely an important factor in how much you enjoy life .
You have lots of beautiful things for free or at low prices , and money does not always mean happiness , of course .
But some more money means the possibility of choosing what you want to do among a wider spectrum of things , and this is surely nice and helpful to enjoy life .
It is obvious that people have more energy and desire in the earlier times of their lives , however this does not indicate that young people would enjoy life more than older people do .
I think that it is possible to enjoy life at all ages , provided that we keep our spirits and minds contemporary and young .

Most people say that there are certain things that can only be done when we are young .
For instance , extreme sports , partying late hours , eating excessively or even falling in love .
I agree the fact that there are certain activities that we can not perform after a certain age , nevertheless I believe that it is not only a matter of activities that keep us young but it is the state of mind we are in .

Basically , I think that there are different joys people get from life when they are young and old .
When we are young , we search for the unconventional , unfundamental and extraordinary and we can go for it no matter what .
As we get older , we begin to think of the results , effects and evaluate situations more carefully .
These are the different levels of joy that we can get when we are young and old .

Youth brings along lots of energy , excitement and desire to reach the unknown and accomplish the undone .
This has a certain joy factor , but only as long as we are young .
Trying to act such cluelessly in older times may lead us to alienment from life and society because we have more responsibilities as we grow older .
Even though our responsibilities increase and we may be limited by the society as we get older , I do not think that we would be enjoying life less .
If we could accept getting old and adopt ourselves to the changing environment , we can always enjoy life because there is an endless energy in life , we only need to capture it and connect with it .

No matter how large the numbers get on our age , we always have the opportunity to enjoy life if we have the energy and the mentality to do so .
Being dynamic and having a loving and caring family and friends that connect us to life would always enable us to enjoy life at all ages .
In my opinion , understanding is the key to the educational process .
While teaching , a professor not only transmits his knowledge to students , but he also gives them the keys to comprehension .
The most important point is not what we learn , but how we learn .

For example , Education system deeply changed during past years .
If we take the time to ask our parents how was School when they were kids , we would probably be astonished by their answer .
Indeed , they were used to learn their lessons by heart , and this was a very mechanical exercise .
Sometimes they did not even know what they were talking about !
Education system realized its mistake , and changed its technique .

Nowadays , an important role is given to interaction .
Indeed , students have now the possibility to ask questions .
The answers they would get would help them in easily understanding the topic they are discussing .
As they get the meaning of an idea , a concept , they remember it in a better way .

Moreover , this interaction between students and professors allow them to show their interest in some topic .
They are not passively listening , they can bring their opinion , their ideas .
This can lead to new issues , and open their minds .
A concept can be spread from one to another , illustrating the very basis of development .

The thing not only about knowledge , moreover about reflexion .
School teaches the power of thinking by ourselves .
As the students understand ideas , they learn facts , whereas the opposite does not work .
In the world , all people come to some point were they must make a choice and take risks .
These risks can result in being good or bad .
If no one taks risks the society of today would n't be the same because the leaders who profoundly changed our society took risks .

In the novel Franfenstein from Mary Shelly , Victor took the risk not to create a compagnion for the monster because he thought that it would be better for humanity .
If he had created an other monster , they could reproduce and a new species of creatures would be born .
The creature , having supernatural strengh , is a threat to society , and by creating a mate for him , there would be a hole specie of dangerous monsters .

However during the Roman empire , the romans liked having slaves .
Some of them became servants but others were forced to be gladiators and satisfy the people 's need for laughter in violent combats .
One day in a gladiator training camp , one man took the risk to kill the trainor , his name was Spartacus .
All of the slaves in the camp fallowed him and they began defeating roman legions .
Slaves from all over the roman empire wanted to join them .
Spartacus took the risk to gain their freedom and not die in a gladiator ring .

In history , some risks were taken at a nations scale .
The French Revolution is the perfect example .
In 1789 , the people had had enough of being neglected by the churche and the noble classes .
One day the representatives of the lower classes , during a meeting with Louis XIV , the nobles and the churche , took the risk to oppose themselves to the other classes .
The king dismissed them from the meeting .
The people of Paris heard of this action and they started to revolte .
They captured the Bastille and took power over the government .
They started executing every one who was opposed to the new government even the king .
The red , white and blue french flag was put in place and France was a republic .

Even if in our every day lives , we are not confrounted with such situations , it is a good thing to take risks other wise the world and our personalities would n't change .
We have all different lives and different ways on living it and different expactations , goals and dreams .
But how does a person enjoy life better than another ?
how could the enjoyment of life be mesured ?
Do young people enjoy life better than older ones ?
It all depends on the way we look at life and on the definition we give to the word ` enjoy ' .
But it is also a matter of cultures , for some cultures praise the older over the younger people of their society and the other way around .

If enjoying life means doing everything possible to feal alive we can say younger people enjoy life better .
Younger people party , stay up late , travel , do not make plans for the future , study and are in constant discovery of the world .
In one word the are living under the '' carpe diem '' philosophy .
Live every day to the fullest state these latin words and young people are the symbol of this ancient wisdom .
Young people are counted for disturbing the law and the rules of society and for imagining other possible ways of living .
The disorganized , irresponsable , spontanious and crazy way young people pursute their lives states they enjoy it better than older people if we take the word ` enjoy ' as doing everything to feel alive .

Nonetheless , if we take a different meaning to the word ` enjoy ' and define it as doing everything to stay alive and to tresure life we can say it is the older people that enjoy life better and I would have to disagree with the statement .
Older people are wiser and they have lived longer .
They have lived all the nonesense of youth and are like a walking library .
In fact , in some tribes in Africa when an elderly person dies he or she is morned longer than if a younger person died because he or she was considered as a key part of the tribe as a part of the tribe 's wisdom and knowledge that has sleeped away forever .
Older people enjoy life better because they cherish life more and because they are wiser than young people , they know where they are from and where are they headed to , they value life and do everything to treasure and preserve it .

To enjoy life is as much a personal thing as to be fond of chocolate or not .
Young people as well as older people enjoy life in one way or another and in my opinion the ` enjoyment ' of life cannot be mesured and most importantly cannot be compared .
So I do not know if young people enjoy life better than older people the only thing I know and I hope for is that everybody enjoys life as much as they can while they still can .
The issue of whether young people enjoy life more than older people do is a controversial one .
On the one hand , being young is attributed with enthusiasm and health which are both catalysts of enjoyment .
On the other hand , the process of growing up undergoes many physical and mental changes which might alter the enjoyment of life .
I personally believe that a smaller age has no influence on happiness due to many reasons .

First , let me define young and old .
Young is a person aged from 0-30 , while an older person is aged from 30 and more .
According to my observations and to my personal experience , older people have the ability to enjoy their life better .
One reason of my belief is that young people have not enough expertise in life to enjoy it the best .
For instance , a 15 year old might feel frustrated because of peer pressure at school and he lacks the cognitive means and the maturity level to deal with his problem .
A 35 year old man would know how to deal with his problem because he has enough experience in life and he has lived enough to pass through all kinds of the problems that youngsters suffer from .

A second reason to my belief is that an older persons have access to the means of entertainment better than young persons .
An adult is allowed to a night club , is allowed to drink , to get married , to have children , etc. while the young 's enjoyement of life might be controlled by his parents , his age , his external environement .

Perhaps the most important reason to my belief is that adults are psychologically stable .
Their physical and mental changes have already passed through all the intriguing stages that might cause frustration to youngsters .
For example a 40 year older would maybe already be settled in a house with children , a fixed job and a routinic life .
In contrast , a younger person would have to worry about highschool grades , college , love , settlement , money and many other issues that are of no certainty to the person .

In conclusion , I would certainly feel that as we go with time we might enjoy life better since we are about to have a more secure way of living , less uncertainties and of course no more physical and mental changes to worry about .
Although some people prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide , I strongly prefer to travel individually .
In my opinion , travelling in a group offers several drawbacks .

First of all , travelling in a group prevents you to discover things by yourself because you always stay with the group .
In addition , you always rely on the guide .
In contrast , travelling individually allows you to discover places alone .
For example , when I was in Egypt , I noticed that the local population was nicer when you were travelling alone than when you were part of a group .

Second , group travels have the same schedule .
They usually eat at the same time .
In addition , they always have the same food .
Besides , group members should stay together .
That means that you can not really be independant .
Whereas , travelling individually can let you more opportunitues to discover the local food , local monuments which are not described by a guide .
Furthermore , you can choose to visit the monuments when there are less people .
Therefore , I think that you are in a better position to appreciate the sight seeing .

Third , I think that group travels are too noisy and are sometimes very disrespecful towards a culture .
As a matter of fact , I notice that the group tends too be very annoying .
On the contrary , the individual tourist will try to fit into the environment .
He generally shows more respect toward the local population and shows more curiosity .

Besides , travelling individually can offer the possibility to be in contact with the people of the country .
In contrast , when you are in a group , you are less curious to go talking with the local population .

Finally , I would say that travelling in a group led by a tour guide can be the worse way to discover a different country and another culture .
To evaluate what will happen in twenty years is a difficult task .
One question is to know if there will be more cars or not .
First we will consider the arguments given to predict a reduction in the number of cars , then the evolutions that indicate a rise in this number .

Nowadays the price of petroleum is in a constant rise .
As the oil reserves are getting smaller and smaller , a oil crisis is predicted in less than twenty years .
So using a car will become more and more expensive .
Maybe people will try to use it less , which means a reduction in the number of cars .

Moreover as the center of cities are now overcrowded , the policie is to reduce the number of cars in cities .
Laws are enforced to limit this number , as for instance in London where you have to pay to use your car inside the city , or in Paris where new public transports are being built .

In twenty years we can assum there will be new and more efficient public transport wich will make car no longer a necessity for people .

Nevertheless I do n't believe in that evolution .
Even if there will be no enought oil to sustain the developpement of cars , other sources of energy now exist and will be developped .
Using biologically made oil , or electricity we will still be able to run cars .

Moreover , if we focus on the developpement of cities , we observe that car is a nessecity if you live in the suburb of a big city .
As ore people will live in suburbs than now , we can guess public transports , even if they evolve , will not be sufficient .

Last point is the developpement of China and India .
Even if there a proportionnally less peple who will buy a car in developped countries , when this two countries will be developped there will be a new market of more than two billiard people !

In conclusion even if argumets can be given to justifie there will be less cars than today , I think there will be ; ore cars .
Vehicle prefrance in order to travel is usually a problem for the people .
People used animals like horses , camels for traveling but with the rapid growth of technology nowadays people are in love with cars .
In my oppinion people will reduce the usage of cars in twenty years because the air that we breathe is getting dirtier , the oil that we use in order to get energy for cars is reducing and technology is still improving rapidly so there will be more appropriate vehicles for transportation in the future .

First , with the usage of cars the air is getting dirtier day by day , The carbon monoxide , emitted from the turbine of the car , is polluting the air .
In some countries like the Netherlands governments started to encourage their citizens for using bicycle in order to travel .
By riding bikes people , not only will get fit , but also they will breath more clean air .

Second , and the most important reason for my expectation in reducing car usage , is the oil resources will vanish in the future .
More and more people are using cars nowadays but our sources for oil is limited .
The oil reserves are becoming less that is why the oil prices are getting higher .
In my country some people can not afford buying the oil in these prices .
They have cars but they are not able to use them because their financial situation is not well enough to buy oil so often .

Third , the scientist will find more suitable vechiles in order to travel in the future .
In an article I have read , I saw that some researches in the US did find a vehicle which can fly as well as riding on the ground .
So with the developing technology some other devices can take the place of the cars in the future .

Tu sum up , I think less people will still be using the cars in the next two decades .
You will think that the cars are safe , econemical and fast but they are also leaving a bunch of carbon monoxide for us to breathe , the oil prices will get higher day by day and the technological improvements will make faster vehicles .
So in my opinion people will forget their love towards cars in the future .
It would be too easy to simply agree or disagree this statement .
I will explain in the following paragraphs why both are very useful .

First we need experts who have a great and deep knowledge about a very specific topic .
The reason for this is quite simple .
Without expert how could man discover new theory in physics for example or create new technologies .
If Thales had never existed man might not have discover a very important mathematical theory , and it is the same for Newton , Galileo , or even Einstein .
Without experts we might consider than man would not progress much and would remain at the same state for millions of years .
When you see how was life a thousand years ago and how life is today you understand that these experts are compulsory for man .

On the other hand of course we need people who have a broad knowledge of plenty of academic skills .
We need them because they are the links between the different experts in our society .
Besides to fully understand a situation it is sometime a lot more useful to have a great background based on different areas of knowledge than being a specialist on one specific subject .
For example , to lead a project you will need someone , the project manager , who will be able to understand various areas of activity so that he can sum up all the work done for the project and lead the project properly to reach the expectations of it .
This person does not need to fully understand all the details which are know by the experts , but he needs to have little knowledge in various areas to understand all the experts who do not always work on the same subject .
In other words this kind of person are useful because they can understand the `` big picture '' .

To conclude , it must be understood that we need both kind of person because the work of the first one complete the work of the second .
It is like in nature , we need water and fire .
In todays modern and fast moving world , `` jack of all and master of none '' , dosnt work at all .
People needs to be more focussed on a subject or two , to really master it and become expert of it .
This , one subject appraoch , can help students to spend plenty of time to learn its basics clearly , during their early days .
It also helps them to stay more focussed on the suject of their liking .
Moreover , once they become a subject expert , they can really harness their mastery over the subject , by doing consultancy projects , which can help them build , a satisfactory and rewarding career .
On other hand , many subject approach , despite of small short term advantages has nothing much to offer in the students long term career .

First , to have a vast knowledge of many subjects , one needs to devote time for all for them , proportinally .
This is quite not possible in todays fast moving world , as students get limited time to study in thier busy routines .
On the other hand , having just one subject at their hands can really help them to spend plenty of time for preparing and building the basics of thier favourite subject .

Second , taking large number of subjects can be a big disturbance sometimes .
When somebody liks one particular subject the most , he or she doesnt have to spend unnecessary time in reading and understanding the other subjects .
In one subject appraoch , one can really concentrate and focus on one subject of his liking .
For example , if a student likes science more than the others , he can go really deep into it , instead if spending time in history or economics class .

Finally , having mastered one particular subject in great detail , make that person expert of it .
He or she can take up the job of consultancy later on in their life .
For example a person who is expert in fluid dynamics can help companies overcome their flow problems , using the vast knowledge he has gained in the subject .
As a result it can be really rewarding , as salaries of this people or so called subject experts will be sky high .
On the other hand as a jack of all and master of none kind of person , one can only do a superficial analysis of the problem , as he or she has limited knowledge of the subject .

To summarize , developing a specialization in one particular subject can be really intresting and exciting .
Students can save lots of their time in understanding their favourite subject instead of spending time on toatlly unrelated material .
Moreover , one subect appraoch helps a student to become a subject expert which can be again really rewarding and challenging experience .
The statement `` Young people enjoy life more than older people do '' is a very interesting one & at the same time a really controversial one to say .
It is interesting because this is a statement about two different age groups & controversial because enjoying life may be different for a old person compared to a young person .

I disagree to this statement because I think enjoyment is different for different people .
It is a personal feeling which does not only vary with age but also varies with each indivisual .
Maybe for someone partying will seem enjoyment and for someone else camping will be good enough to feel happy .

There are a lot of people whom we come across , who are old but still enjoy life as much as a young person .
It may seem that for a grown up person life becomes very complex , but it is no different for a young person as he/she also get to know about the complexities of life while they are growing up .
It is not easy for them to face the challenges that life presents them everyday .
Life has never been easy for anyone and never will be .
Everyone has their own issues .
No one in this world is perfect .

I feel different people have different yardsticks to measure happiness .
Enjoyment comes to you when you feel happy and satisfied and are not regretting any decision you have made .
Even if you have done something regretfull you should try to make up for it and be upto the task of facing the consequences .
This gives immense satisfaction to the mind .

To conclude I would say that it is not your age which determines enjoyment but you yourself and how possitive you are about life .
So just be possitive , work hard and enjoyment will follow you .
I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Travel to an unknown destination can be challenging and maybe even intimidating to some .
But I personally believe that exploring and discovering the unknown is the real thrill in travel .

A tour guide would take his group to all the popular tourist destinations , following a set schedule and give them a brief history of each place .
When you travel on your own , you are on your own schedule .
People are most likely to travel when on vacation , and you certainly do n't need to abide by a schedule when on vacation and away from work .
When you are travellling on your own , you can get a map , scout places , get recommendations from locals and visit all the places that seem intruiging and appealing to you .
You can read up and learn about the history in ways that you would like and not have some guide rattle it out to you .
If safety is of concern , you could always travel with a group of friends and still set your own pace .
Memories of places visited would have more excitement , as it would not be just the history of the place that you would take with you but also all your efforts in getting to the place and other such experiences .
On your own , it is more likely that you would visit a place that is not a common tourist destination but one that definitely meets your tastes and expectations .
When travelling or visitng New York , a tour guide would definitely take you to see the Empire State Buidling , Times Square and the Statue of Liberty but for a complete expereince of a New Yorker , you would need a lot more than that .

To summarize , I would like to say that travel on your own is definitely more rewarding than travelling in a group with a tour guide .
I seriously doubt that a tour guide showed Columbus the way .
And what a loss it would have been for America not to have been discovered !
The agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of the scarcity of fuel needed to run the cars and the awareness created about the amount of pollution these vehicles cause .

Generally cars consume lot of fuel and also give less mileage which means that we need to fill fuel very reguarly .
People use cars for comfort especially when they need to travel longer distances , rather than sitting in a bus or train and stressing themselves and this implies that the amount of fuel consumed is high .
Fuel is getting depleted and thus the governments are made to pay a lot to import fuel and thus leading to hike in fuel prices and making the layman think about the utilization of cars which are costing him a lot .
Thus in future this hike will be more and will make people think of whether to buy a car or not .

The amount of toxic gases released by the combustion of these fuels is quite high and thus leading to troubles for humans and other living beings on earth .
Thus the governments may think of other alternatives of transportation and thus try to impart this to all the citizens and provide them with some common transportation like a train .
It may make it mandatory also when the situation worsens .
This could cut down the use of cars and thus leading to fewer cars after twenty years .

Another thing that need to be considered is the place it occupies .
Because of the huge size and the fact that these is less accomodation , it leads to traffic jams and congessions especially in big cities .
Thus making people to think about it and find a solution for it by using common means of transportation which could help them reach their destination on time .

Cars provide luxury and comfort but inspite of this , the fact is that there are more problems associated with it than comforts .
Thus in my opinion in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Most of the people love travelling in order to discover new places , to rivisit places that they already know and maybe experience them in a new , different way , or just in order to relax by the beach .
Some people prefer to travel in a group led by a tour guide , some other people prefer to just buy a book , read something about the place they 're headed to and go by themselves .
Personally , I prefer to travel by myself , or with a few friends but absolutly without a tour guide .

Sure an organized trip is really nice but personally I do n't like the idea of jumping on a bus with people I do n't know and with a tour guide telling me all the time what to do , where to go and why .
I 'd rather drive with a few friends , a map and the idea to discover the true reality of the place we are going to visit .
I like this way of travelling because I think I 'd feel more free to organize my trip as I really want to .

The fact that I 'm not interested in being on a bus with people I do n't know might seem a little bit close minded and I would n't want it to be misleading .
It 's not that I do n't like meeting new people but if I go to a new place I 'd like to get in touch with local people in order for me to understand their culture , traditions , habits .
Waht I 'm looking for while travelling is a full immersion in a new , different reality from which I want to learn .
I do n't like much the idea of a tour guide because I think he or she will show me the most famous tourist destinations without really entering the culture itself .

All and all I can say that travelling is great either way .
I like to travel the way I described because I believe it really help us open up our horizons to different realties .
Italian food is great - I 'm Italian so .. !
- but if I went to Marocco , I 'd rather try Cous Cous than go the Italian restaurant and italian resort where there is nothing about the local culture .
Times change quickly ...
very quickly indeed .
A few years ago , the computers were reserved for the army , Internet was unknown .
One may ask , ` what is the point of having a broad knowledge if it will soon become outdated and useless ?
Is n't it better to specialize in one subject and try to keep in touch with its evolution ? '
I will try to answer this question to the light of my own education and beliefs .

I believe that acquiring a broad knowledge is very important for people .
Subjects are all linked together and the understanding of one can lead to the discovery of another .
Have you ever tried to learn how to play music without knowing about the notes ?
Learning about geopolitics without knowing about history is the same .
There is no clear division between subjects .
Some are necessary to learn about others .

Another reason is the importance of learning .
What we learn is not that much important .
The way we learn it , however , is important .
We learn how to learn .
And that is achieved through learning about a lot of subjects .
This way , people will know how to learn all their life long , even when they will be out of school .
Knowing a lot helps learning better .

The main argument against this theory is that people , who know a lot about many facts , know indeed little .
It is difficult to counterpart this argument .
One who is interested in many subjects , will never reach the same level of awareness and mastering than the one who has only studied this very subject .

However , I would like to point out that this person will have troubles putting what he has learned into perspective , while the one who has a broad knowledge of things will be able to connect facts .

Learning a lot about many academics subjects may prepare people to understand the convergence of the world .
Global has become a masterword today ...
one that noone can escape .
One can only prepare himself for it ...
by learning as much as possible for instance .
Every people would like to be succesful in order to reach their aims which would differ person to person in terms of the place of domicile , education , likes and disilkes .
The desire to be succesful makes people find out different ways to reach their goal that some prefer taking risks and trying to find out what kind of things would be prefferable in order to make more money , taking different kinds of self improvement courses or self conciousness courses .
On the other hand some prefer to do the things they have a know-how and try to make them better in this thing which they beleive they will reach their goal .

Business life is a hard place to stay stable and to be successful constantly because there are plenty of criteria to get into a job and qualifications which the employees seek for , for instance ; the ability to be a good negotiator , being socially and verbaly strong annd dynamic .
some people have soe of these qualifications that they try hard to take a good educaton and some have personal skills from birth and some take courses in order to improve themselve .

Risk is an important character in business life that you may get the return of it or you may loose everything .
some people likes risks and enters in to new ways in oder to be successful on the other hand some people are risk averse and do not take many risks in order not to go bankrupt , for instance .
I disagree that `` successful people try new things and take risks '' because I think it depends on the character of the person liking risks or being a risk averse .

I beleive that if a person do not like risks and has a know-how about something and beleives that he/she can be better in this field by working a lot and searching new strategies or taking lessons about that topic .
Working and trying hard for a task which a person does best and deepening about that topic would be beneficial for this person to be successful .
I agree with the statement and there are many examples to support this idea .
Nowadays young people do not help their communities at all and inside the changes of society and culture can be found the answer of this behavior .
In my personal opinion , I think that the reasons for which young people do not help their communities are three .

First of all , it has become very common to live in cities which are not very small in size .
Living in a big city means that a young boy or girl do not have the usual places that there were in the past .
During the last decades , the church , for example , was the typical place where young people could help the others , for instance , they helped old people or the little community near the church .

Secondly , in the past it was usual to live in little houses and your neighbors became your friends and all this friendships formed a community in which everyone gave their help for the others , everyone did something to the overall benefit .
This was a great advantage because young people , living in this particular atmosphere , could see their work appreciated in the community which transformed itself in a big family .
Today this kind of situation is not possible because people usually live in a block of flats and everyone thinks only about his | her own bussiness , nobody thinks how can be important to have the possibility to have the help of the community .

Thirdly , today society and culture has changed very much and , of course , young people are changed too .
Every young boy or girl live in a world without the others , it menas that young people prefer to stay alone .
Nowadays young people thinks only about themselves , for example , about not intelligent things such as their games , their shoes or bags .
They are only concerned on them and not on other people and in particular on community .

In conclusion , all these three reasons can not explain this phenomenon in all its features , but can make easier to understand why young people are so far with their hearts from one of the most important thing inside the society : the community .
The more capitalism governs the lives of people around the world , the more we are introduced with newcoming products and ideas every day .
Most of the nations in our world has become comsumption communities and more nations are on the way .
What is a consumption community ?
It is a community which acquires pleasure from consuming as a primary act of daily life .
If there is consumption , it is not surprising to see the inevitable rise of advertisement sector hiding behind it , whose primary aim is to make products seem much better than they really are .

Advertisements are in everyone 's life .
It is enough to listen to radio , watch TV , even walk on the street to meet advertisements .
When one thinks about all the huge money invested into advertisements , you get more tended to trust in the product that is exploited in the advertisement .
At least , that was what I thought , until I had taken the consumer behavior course in my university .
I can honestly tell you that this course has changed my consumption patterns to great extent .
In the course , we were provided with detailed information of sales strategies such as how to make a product attractive to consumers , where to put the product on the supermarket to increase its sells , how to jump into people unconscious and make them buy the product unintentionally or how to make people addicted to a product .
It may sound just normal to you , but to me it is great dishonesty .
That is how I started to question everything I buy and consume .

For instance , there are many shampoos claiming that they are the best hair conditioners in the market .
But if every brand claims that , which one the consumers have to believe ?
Have you ever questioned why there are always beautiful girls and handsome boys in the adds ?
Since they give you the message ; `` If you buy me , you would be as beautiful as the girl in my add '' .
Here is another example , in car adds , usually for big cars , we always watch cool and successful businessmen who works in high skycrapers and lots of money , giving the message `` If you drive me , you would make lots of money '' .
Although these examples may sound stupid to you , this is what actually happens in our brain .
Our cognition is so vulnerable that it can not defend itself to all these symbol bombardments .

To conclude , advertisement industry is meant to make their customer brands ' products seem much better than they really are .
This is how millions of brands compete with another .
They have to catch the attention of people on the market , on the street and at home .
Only then he could achieve his targeted profit .
We can not deny the fact that human nature has a tendency to have pleasure from buying the symbols , not the product itself .
As a consequence , you find yourself as a part of consumer community .
Today , many students seem to choose to study more than one major in the university for certain purposes .
To know more than one subject or major can be a benefit for people , but I believe that to specialize in one specific field is a better choice because in the long run , more knowledge of diverse subjects will be beneficial to the future career .
In addition , it encourages people to think more creatively .

To begin with , general knowledge on every aspect of academic subjects is essential to perform a job of higher position and lead people in the future .
To be sure , special skills and knowledge help people to get better jobs and give them more ability to achieve what they want in work place or in academic field .
However , as people go up to the superior position , or to take more responsibility , they will have to see the whole forest , not a single tree .
That means , without general knowledge in every aspect that is related to the entire goal or process , you will likely to get lost in how to manage and lead other people in the respective field .
In this sense , people need to broaden thier view and this can be done by studying many academic subjects .

Furthermore , with their broad knowledge of many academic subjects , people are able to develop their potential creative-thinking ability .
It is widely know that creativeness evolves from various academic backgrounds .
For example , I have a cousin who studies a lot of subjects in the university .
She is majoring in english literature , but she also studies on other subjects such as music , physics , and golf .
This made her think and act creatively .
She won the most innovative essay of the university twice and a lot of professor say that her problem-solving way is always fresh and new .
This shows that many academic knowledge encourages the creativeness .

In summary , to have specialized and professional knowledge on a certain subject may a benefit to people , but because general information will help people in the future and it generates creativity , I agree to have broad knowledge .
This statement is , in my opinion , incorrect , since i do not belive that someone with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects could compete on a specific subject with someone specialised on this subject .

In today 's society a great field of experts , specialized into certain academic subjects , exists .
So it will be hard for somebody with a broad knowledge of many academic subjects to be more effective in fulfilling his profession , than someone who specialized on this subject and is perfectly trained in his profession .

Of course some basic knowledge of many academic subjects is neccessary in order to make connections between different fields of study and to spur developement and improvement of subjects .
This occurs especially in sciences where for example calculus and physics are very closely related and could have never been developed as far as they have been without scientists having a good knowledge of both .
But without specialization into one of these subjects , or even into subfields of these subjects , no more improvements could have been made at some point since it is not possible for the human brain to take and work with all the information that exists on the two fields of study today .
So it is also not possible for anyone to gather broad knowledge of even more subjects .

So i believe that nowadays it is even better to focus on one subject only , but therefore to study it as perfectly as possible and then form research groups with other experts in other specific subjects in order to develope new inventions , then to try and cope with all the existing information and to accquire a broad knowledge of many accademic subjects .
CAR-one of the few things which people are proud to posses .
Twenty years are way too small for the cars to leave the roads a bit vacant .
A car is a basic need just as Food , Shelter And Water .
The big guns of car manufacturing industry are spending millions of money to bring out more fuel efficient variants in to the market .
Considering the present situations i dont think that there will be any decrease in the number of cars in coming forty years .

There are countless reasons why people are so enamoured to their cars .
Cars , beside providing an independent and effective mode of transport , provide various other services which inclide both social and personal .
The key of your car is not just a key for the car but for a key for you to travel whereever and whenever you want .
Beside providing privacy cars also prove to be status symbols in the modern society .

Some of the disadvantages of cars which pave way for the discussion of eliminating them are as follows .
Firstly , the pollution emmitted by the cars has put the environment under great threat .

Secondly , with increasing population , the number of cars are soaring high .
Thus resulting in traffic congestion and parking problems .
But the manufacturing industries have been spending huge amount of money to develop more fuel efficient and pollutionless cars .
And some of those efforts have already given positive results .
One such outcome is the hydogen fueled car .
These cars use hydrogen as fuel emit nothing but water which in turn is ased as coolant for raidators .
And Hybrid cars are already on the roads which combine the advantages of fuel cell cars with the traditional petrol cars .
In addition , these cars prove to be space conserving thus solving congestion problems .

Hence thecars will continue to enjoy the throne of the roads till more cost effective and space convenient modes of transport are developed .
And billions are hopeful that they will witness the era of Flying cars , transmitting the dream of every kid behind a window into reality .
I believe that we should attempt new trials and take some risks for more successful life .
Because trials and errors let us realize our limitaions , and so , we can correct our errors and try to overcome our defects .
In addition , though there are some dangers in attempting new works , it creats unexpected results , gives great inspirations and makes us stronger and better .

I think that most people have limitations physically or mentally or financially .
If we just satisfy with our current situations , we never improve our life and never experience better and hidden happiness .
For example , Beethoven , a renowned musican and a great human , had an ear disease .
He did n't even hear audience 's loud applause after the premieur of his last symphony .
However , despite his severe sickness , Beethoven tried to overcome his defect and created many new and innovative classical music .
Due to his efforts , today many people hear many exceptional touching sounds .
If he satisfied his situation and did not make efforts to overcome himself , not only he could be rememberd as a great artist but we also never meet many great music .

Moreover , I think that crisis and danger sometimes produce unexpected results and make us stronger and competent person .
For instance , many scientists have researched some risky and doubtful facts and they have found many wonderful solutions .
Thses discoveries have developed science and our life .
In addition , in my experience , when I faced difficulties in my job , I did not avoid them and tried to resolve those problems .
As a result , I could find various solutions and develop myself into a competent staff .

In conclusion , I do believe that trials and risks make people stronger and better .
We all have a brain and a heart .
I think that we need to use and devleope them through efforts to overcome our current obstacles .
First of all , we must consider that the two things , learning of concepts and learning of facts , are strictly connected .
I think the ideal way for a student to obtain the best result from his studies , is to learn facts and then analyze the ideas and concepts surrounding that fact .
For example .
It is very important to know the fact that there has been the first world war , but it is necessary to understand which have been the ideas and the reasons which lead to start something highly dangerous and that would have caused thousands of victims .

The real problem , I guess , is that is often confused the meaning of `` learning a fact '' .
During schools , for example , teachers require us to learn by hard dates , names , cities and so on , and this lead to forget the principal fact .
Moreover , while less important things can be forgotten ( I will not remember the exact day of the end of the frist world war ... ) , the contrary is for the fact .
( I will always know that there has been a grat war around 1915 ... )

Furthermore , ideas and concepts may be more difficult to understand , but once you do it , it 's almost impossible to forget them .
Besides , they can also change your thoughts , your way of live .
They can make you spend your politic vote for one or another party ...
they can lead you to become a politician just to try to change something you learned .

It has been the idea of freedom which took Gandhi or Martin Luther King in the political world .
It has been the concept of racism which leads me to hate Adolf Hitler , and not the fact of the second world war .
There has been the ideas of Ras Tafari to give strenght to jamaican people reaching their freedom .

In other words : some facts are important ; this is sure .
But the learning system should not be based on them !
It should be based on motivations and reasons which caused that event and on the ideas that were born by the event .

If the system was organized in this way , I think we would have less `` mechaninc '' students and more conscious future citizens and politicians .
I would disagree with the statement that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communties .
To understand the question one needs to understand what a community is and how it has undergone transition in today 's era of what we call a knowledge economy/society .

Traditional community has been understood to be a closed knit section of people who share similar culture , ethnic , artistic , lingustic , religious or even political sensibilities .
So we have communities based on religion , geography and politics .
Tradtionally interaction within a community was more restricted to within itself and interaction with the other was not encouraged which led to a close knit community and encouraged greater involved of community in the nurture of its young ones and therefore had far more of their time .
Like the current American society and the closed Amish society , the amount of time spent by the community on its young ones varies greatly .
With the advancements of technolgies , influences were far more rampant and diffusion of ideas took place , reducing the hold of a community on its members .
Also the advent of internet has given birth to online communties with is often seen as a detachment from the real world .

These above are often cited as reasons for lesser involvement by the younger generation , which is a wrong notion .
Because what is known as ethos of a communtity nevertheless pervades through its newer members , only the means of expressions change .
In India for instance they say the younger generation no longer respects Gandhian ideals , but if one looks closely at contemporary writings and cinema , the ideals still remain there but the words have changed .
As far as online communities goes , we have instances of communities arising on the net in response to certain crisis , like the iraq war or to protest against certain issues .
So these communities become a voice for the younger generation to be heard and make their contribution to their community To accuse the younger generation of being untrue to their community is a heresy because in a globalised worlds and with advent of post modernist philosophy increasingly pride is placed on the smaller stories and celebration of diversity is promoted which compels individuals to take pride in their community and they become representatives of their community to the larger audience .
Today we have the young celebrating their festivals with more gusto because they understand the meaning behind it and become the promoters of their community .

As far as helping out the community that is understood as social work , I believe at no other time is history was more involvement of the youth in NGOs or CBOs ( community based organizations ) .
The idea expressed in youth lingo is that social work is `` cool '' and development job of the youth especially in developing countries , for they the capability to change .
I say that because I am a part of such groups and we see the young coming forward to help the community , fight for the rights of it and to change previous wrongs by means of street plays , protests , chain sms and emails for instance .

Universal education and awareness has made the youth more culturally and environmentally sensitive and so we see instances of student organizations at schools and collegs working on social causes and even entering into politics .
In view of above ideas and examples I would reaffirm my view that today 's youth is more involved with his communtiy and indentifies with it and is involved in helping it progress .
This statement might be true to some exceptional people but the common successful people do not take risks .

First it is difficult to define success .
It may apply for money , celebrity or just happiness ( even if hopefully this three things can work together ... )

Some successful people do take risks and try new things because their succes comforts them and they know that somehow they have a sort of safety net .
People who put their life or money at stake is really rare .
For example , a person who owns a prolific business might take a risk by launching a new product but he never puts his whole money in it .
Or at least not unless he knows he can always get back on his feet with a stable product or a plan B. And this argument should explain why `` unsuccessful '' person will not take to much risk .
Surprisingly these persons dare taking more risks since they do not have too much , or less , to lose .

Unfortunately , most of the successful people is coward and prefers to keep doing things they know .
They sort of `` stew '' in their own success .
One of the main reason is that `` normally '' , someone has to work hard to reach the top with a planified goal .
Except celebrities nowadays , you are not bumped to the successfull category .
It takes time , efforts and sacrificies ( just trying to be happy ) .
So why would someone take risks ?
The only reason would be that success is boring and in order to dynamized it you have to make some changes that can be radical or not .
But you may also fall into something even duller ...

To conclude , I do not agree with this statement , probably because I am a part of the cowards .
One of the main reason is that success is hard to maintain , so once you have it why take the risk to loose it for something worse ?
Giving enough time to help communities is an issue that has being of interest lately , specially in what regards to young people .
It is believed that young people nowadays do not spend enough time in this activity as they should .
Even though many youth organizations have been borned in the few couple of years many others have mostly dissapeared .
Moreover , there has been an important change in life style during the last decades which has modified the availability of time for this activities .

On one hand , there is evidence that this statement is not true .
We have observed over the last couple of years an important increase in the number of youth organizations which try to cover this necesities and perform this tasks .
Many young people get enrolled in them and try to help others , mostly in an anonymous way .
In what regards to my country , I can think of several different organizations that try to encourage succesfully young people to get involved in their communities .

On the other hand , it is true that organizations encharged of this type of activities excisted before , mainly related to churches or to religous beliefs .
During the last decade , the sentiment of religious involvement has fallen drastically and young people nowadays do not usually relate to this groups .
Therefore , while it is true that many youth groups which try to cover this neccesity have arised during the last couple of years , they are mostly covering the empty space left by religous groups .
In the same sence , young people nowadays have less time to devote to this type of activities , since personal careers have becomed more demanding .
For instance , in many countries fifty years ago women did not use to work or study and while they were young they usually took care of helping their communities .
Nowadays , young women have a professional career as busy as man do .

As a conclusion , I believe that even though it is true that young people spend less time helping their communities compared to what young people devoted to this activities fifty years ago did , is also true that young people 's life has changed drastically and there has been an important reduction in the amount of available free time to perform them .
Therefore , I do not agree to the statement , since the word enough is not proper for this context .
Young people devote less hours but it may be enough given the amount of free hours they have left after taking care of all their responsabilities .
Since the invention of the automobile , civilization as it is known today has skyrocketed .
The liberty that comes with owning a car has stimulated the movement of the world : economically , socially , and technologically .
With each decade , the number of car users has grown exponentially , only to continue growing with the decades yet to come .
The rapid rate of advancement in the automobile world show no signs of stopping .
With this in mind , it is practically impossible to say that in twenty years , less cars will be on the road .
There will be more cars in use around the world than there have ever been before .

Economically speaking , it is nearly impermissible to allow automobile companies to sway .
The world today is dependant on the movement and survival of the car industry for stability .
The future of oil companies , for example , goes hand in hand with the future of the car industry .
The consumer 's awarness of the environment and natural resources pose a threat on the oil industry .
It is only natural that the gas and oil companies worry whenever car businesses consider the public demand for eco-friendly cars .
If the car industry turns to alternative fueling , oil companies are forced to bankrupcy - an option unthinkable in the businessman 's eyes .

Another aspect to consider is the future social situation .
As of today , the westernization of the world is manifested with every McDonald 's placed on the street corner .
Attempts to spread democracy and pull third world countries out of their third world conditions have tremendous impact to the face fo the world .
Roads willl be paved on the backstreets of Nigeria and with that , cars can only follow .
If each underdevelopped country leaps forward in developpement , it will be of no surprise that the car industry sees dramatic improvements as well .

One can already see the how the advancement of the world impacts the growth of car industries .
The two come together ,
Actually , why do children go to school ?
This question should help us decide whether it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts or to learn facts .
I would personnally say that sudents need first to understand , then to learn .

I would n't say that one is more important vthen the other , I would more likely try to convince people that one has to come before the other .
Order usually doesn-t seem so important , but in my opinion in this case it is .
I-d say it is a matter of democracy applied to school : as people need first to be able to choose , the only way to put them in the right conditions to do so is to teach them how to think How can children be thaught how to think ?
Their curiosity must be called , they need to be interested in the subject they-re studing .
If the teacher succeeds in that , the children will ask questions as a result of a personal thought .
A response to that question will make them understand the concept and remember at the time .
And putting understanding and remembering toghether the teacher leads to ...
learning .
That-s why understanding has to come before simple learning .
Let-s assume , for example , that a student is thaught that in 1789 french revolution took place .
He will know the fact , but will he be able to explain how french population has arrived to that situation ?
And most of all , will he remember this fact and this date for more than the lesson time ?
I don-t think so .
I pretty sure he will forget as soon as he will exit the classroom or , in the best of the cases , after the examination , precisely because the fact has come alone without a personal and maybe emotional participation to the moment of learning .
Understanding provides this essentially needed personal participation .
People are not computers , the only way to give them a real effective culture is to make them think and understand , although we could say that cu ; lture is made by the knowledge of facts .
In today 's highly competitive job market , an employee is very likely to have to work in many different areas during his career .
The question is to know whwether having a wide range of academic knowledge will help him succeed in his professional life .
As far as I am concerned , I think it is a great advantage to possess knowledge in many different fields .
Indeed , the broader your knowledge is , the more interesting your job and the higher your responsibilities will be .

First of all , knowing things in many different areas brings me some kind of satisfaction .
Indeed , even if my study is mainly focused on chemistry for example , I am still interested in mathematical , physical , or economical knowledge , because they all help me to understand how the world which surrounds me works .
This is all the more true as far as foreign languages are concerned .
I do think they can be a very important factor when a company has to chose between two candidates who have the same level in their specialization field .

Besides , I think that the wider your knowledge , the more opportunities you will have in your career .
As a matter of fact , when you are emplyed in a big company , you are very unlikely to work all the time in the same area .
I think it is worth thaving broad knowledge of many academic subjects , since it l allows you to be chosen for many interesting and very different jobs .
Furthermore , as far as team work is concerned , it is much easier to work with other people when you are not completely ignorant about the field they are specialized in .

Thirdly , I think that it is much easier to climb the ladder in a company if you are able to use your knowledge in many different areas .
If you are able to show that your education and experience allows you to work on very different projects , you are much more likely to be chosen for an interesting job with high responsibilities .
That is something I have been told to for a long time in my engineering school .
Your field of specialization determines your first job , but if you are successful in your profesional life depends mainly on your ability to adapt to many different kinds of jobs .
I do think that having a wide range of knowledge is very important towards achieving this goal .

As a conclusion , even if any worker should be particularly competent in his specialization area , I think it is much better to have knowledge of many academic subjects , since it offers more interesting jobs and better opportunities .
If one intends to be a tourist , it is logical to form part of a group and hire a tour guide .
However , if one wants to be a traveler , a path that I have always chosen when visiting countries , one must be independent .
One must fully experience the culture of a country , go beyond tour guides and give oneself space to explore and savor the aspects of one 's interest .
Groups and tour guides only confine the experience and more often than not leave the tourist disappointed .

A group limits one 's options .
For example , if a person is interested in art more than in shopping , he or she might have to be satisfied with the time given to explore an art museum in a group 's schedule .
On the other hand , if one is not part of a group , one can spend whatever time one wants in an art museum , avoiding what would probably otherwise be a somewhat superficial experience .
A group also often has a budget .
If a person is highly interestd in the gastronomic aspect of a culture , he or she might be willing to spend more money on food quality and variety .
Nevertheless , a group does not provide this flexibility .

Getting a tour guide is often a recipe for disillusionment .
Tour guides have a schedule , and are probably not willing to linger on any specific monument or work of art .
More importantly , it is difficult to truly appreciate a culture without reading or investigating about the country being visited .
Being confident a tour guide will provide all the information may lead travelers to neglect research prior to visiting , often as the result of an overestimation of the tour guide 's knowledge and passion for his or her job .
Lastly , tour guides often lead visitors to the infamous `` tourist traps '' : locations , stores or restaurants often exalted by guides and books that are not worth so much praise in reality .
Without a tour guide , one can avoid such scams and disappointments by doing independent study and choosing which places to visit .

While travelling in a group led by a tour guide is often convenient and less expensive than planning the adventure alone , it takes away value from the actual trip .
I , for one , greatly value independence and enthusiasm when going to a foreign country .
Thus , my option is always counting my family as my group and being my own tour guide .
I partially agree with the statement that - Young people enjoy life more than older people do .
First I will explain how younger peole enjoy life more than older people and then put some point in favor of older people , who also enjoy their life in their own fashion .

Being a young individual , I do not have any doubt that the present younger generation is realy enjoying their life at fullest .
Young people with greater energy and excitment for exploring the world has definetely greater potential for enjoying life .
We can see young peoples here and there enjoying all the flavor of life .
That flavor may be sports , music , dance , club , dangerous activities ( like-bull fight and road rashing ) , touring different location around the world , curiosity for innovation or anything of this sort .
We may be enjoying life in our ways and anything mentioned above could be the means of enjoyment .
We feel enjoyed when we drive our car beyong 300 km/hr .
We enjoy , when we go to party at night or got drunked , do some mischieves , tour some distant place , experience some different culture and satisfy our curiosity by doing something innovative .
So enjoyment has different for different people among young people itself .

Now coming back to older people , if I again think of te phrase - `` enjoy life '' , the same thing appears .
Infact , they also have different opinion of themself about enjoying their lives .
Old people may also enjoy in the their way .
They may enjoy in seating on their chairs , watching the sea , walking near sea-beaches , touring to some distant cultural place at the end of their life ( or may be just for fun ) , talking to her married wife or childrens .
Now some young people can say that having several sexual affairs can also be a way of enjoyment what young people do more .
So ..
well ..
may be ...
Its their way to enjoy . !
Therefore its all about the hman mentality that at the point of our life , our way of enjoyment changes somehow .

Finally I conclude that although young people enjoy their life more through different exciting , adventerous and innovative ways , there are different ways , the old people enjoy their life .
In terms of limited availabilty concerning natural resources , which is a common topic nowadays , this is quite an interesting question .

In the following I will proceed by depicting several arguements and ideas , either supporting or speaking against this statement .

As already mentioned shortly above , resources which are necessary for a car , such as gasoline , do only exist on to a certain time in the future .
Some specialists state that oil will be sufficient for at least another 50 years , others calculated only 15 years .
With our todays technology , hardly any car will drive once these resources have been wasted .
Therefor , the number of cars may have declined significantly in 20 years .

A further point supporting the statement is the fact of growing environmental pollution .
In order to save our planet , people will have to reduce emissions , for instance by driving around in car less often .
Instead people could rely on public transport .

On the other hand , there is a remarkable trend towards a growing number of cars in the world .
Nations like China or India for example still have only a very low percentage of car owners among their inhabitants .
While economy and prosperity in these countries are growing rapidly , the number of cars is growing even faster .
And this trend is not going to weaken within the next years .

Besides , new technologies are developed permanently .
One common example in terms of the automobile market is the solar energy .
Already today , solar energy is used in car technology and presumeably it is only a question of time when these new generation of vehicales is available on the market .

From my point of view , there is another very important fact one should consider .
Over the last 100 years , since Henry Ford started to produce cars in huge quantities , the car has become a normal thing to own for people in the industrialized countries , representing a certain comfort and as well a status of social recognition .
Obviously people will be unwilling to up things like cars just in order to safe our resources or environment !

Altough resources are limite and a growing number of cars will mostlikely not be a support in order to save the nature , I am absolutely convinced that the number of cars will increase within the next 20 years .

Peolpe will always find a way to stay mobile , mostly through new technoligies .
Young people enjoy life more than older people to a certain extent .
In some cases , older people experience a better life , and their level of joy is higher than young people 's .

First of all , it is a physical fact that younger people are more energetic and enthusiastic about their lives .
A young adult will have the tendency to enjoy his/her life by taking part in sport activities .
In opposition to old peoples , young peoples ' bodies are more docile and capable of doing sports .
Again , the high level of adrenealin makes the young people feel better about themselves .
Especially , in competitive sports the level of achievement is higher .
A young person who is taking part in a competition and success , enjoy his/her life better .

Beside the physical fact , young people tend to have more fun because less is expected from them .
Lack of responsability leads to spare times , parties , and hanging around .
They enjoy the advantage of being single .
They take decisions about their lives more easily because they do not depend on their children or their husbands and/or wives as older people do .

However , sometimes being young can also be a disadvantage .
They easily make mistakes , or have bad experiences .
They do not think about the consequences of their actions , thus , sometimes they fail .
Young people are not fully aware of the difficulties of life .
Older people are wiser , so they have the least chance of doing wrong .

Moreover , older people have a career , better life circumstances , and finance .
They enjoy their lives by taking vacations , or travelling the world .
Maybe they do not party as their young children do , but they have a different understanding of enjoying life .

Overall , young people and older people have different perspectives in life .
In fact , life is full of joy , passion , and enthusiasm for those who knows how to cherish it , regardless of their age .
In my opinion the best way to travel is alone or in a very small group and without a guide .
I 'm therefore completelly in opposition with the idea of travelling in a group and with a tour guide .

One of the main reasons why I believe that travelling in a group is not the best way to travel is the fact that the group itself will distract your attention from the envirament , both natural and cultural , around you .
With this phrase I mean that being in a group in the majority of the cases means that you will spend your time prevalently within the group itself .
In this way the relationship with the people of the community that you are visiting will be very limitated .
This , in my opinion , not only will reduce your chances of understranding the culture that you are visiting but even to fully appriciate your journey .

Furthermore being with a group means that you relay completelly on it and for the major part of your time you will probably not even feel the need of speaking with the people living in the place which are you visiting .

Also when a group of people move they are moire noticiable and they cause more effects that what a single person will do .
This principally to the fact that a medium size group of people will never be able to go in a small village without affect the life in the village itself ina considerable way .

For what concernce the guide furthermore I do n't really like the idea of being with a person who 's rule is the one of explain to turist what the culture of a specific place is .
I know that is very useful tool for increasing your personal understanding about a place .
But I think that if you relay on a guide , you in same way exclude yourself from the people who live in the place .
In fact being much more easier having information about a place from a guide that form a habitant of the place it will be normal the tendency of relay all your information on what the guide tells you .

For these reasons I , if I have the possibility to choose , would prefer to travel alone or in a very small gruop than to being in a big gruop with a tour guide .
Young people today do not think of others as much as they perhaps should , which has many different reasons , including biological , social , and historical reasons .
The time period we are currently living in is a capitalistic era , and people in general , young or old , seek their own benifits in situation .
Children are being brought up to think with a capitalistic mind .
It is important for parents that their children have a succesfull life .
The definition of a such a life at the moment seems to be , wealth and prestige .
These goals consume extreme amounts of time .
This means that young adults are being brought up to think of themselves first , because they are being told a fullfilled life is having material goods .
In consequence , these young people cannot find the time in helping the community .

At a young age , especially in the so-called `` teens , '' young people have alot of things on their mind , taking away any focus on aiding the community .
During these years of transition between childhood and adultry hormones are swirling through the bodies of these people .
they seek new things and try to explore what they do not know .
there is also often a sence of loss during this period of time .
these adolesensce try to find a reason to their existence , resulting in a search for identity .
this proccess can be very overwhellming and often end negativly if not spend enough time on .
This has often been the topic of literature .
one example of this would be the novel `` Catcher in the Rye '' by Salinger .
In that novel it enphasises the importance of teenagers to work on themselves and develope , to ensure a safe ending to their teenage years .
Helping the communities takes up time and energy , which few adolesensce can spare in this time of progression and search .

The young people of today are a countermovement to the movement of their parents .
Every movement is followed by a countermovement .
This can already be seen far back in history .
and example would be the romanticiscm , which saw emotions and fantasy more important than logic and rational thinking .
This was a countermovement to the period of enlightment which cherrished exactly that , what the romantic period dismaid , logic , and rational thinking .
The young peple of today are going into the opposit directions their parents had gone .
Many of these parents were so-called `` hippies , '' which stood for love , piece , freedome , and helping eachother .
If one would take the opposits of the traits in that movement , it would make the young people of today ; self-centered , ignorant , and often aggressive .
This is very much what many young people of today are like .
This way of thinking also excludes the mere thought about helping the communitie .

Young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities .
It is not solemly their fault , for they are a product of society and their natural instincs in specific time periods of their life .
The producers use advertisements to introduce the products to the consumers .
The income of company depends on how much it sells its product by appealing effecitvely to the audience through advertisements .
Also , certain company might be in a competition with another company , thus it would wish to make a better advertisement to sell more products .
Because of these competitive natures of advertisement , the producers often make products seem much better than they actually are .

A company 's main goal is to sell as much product as possible to grow economically .
In order to sell a great number of products , a company first has to appeal to the consumers .
By making advertisements that make products look much better than the actual product , a company can encourage the audience to at least come and look at their product .
Even though the consumer may not buy the product , he or she will know about it since it appealed to them effectively through the advertisement .
If the advertisement did not make the product look that great , the consumer would not even consider to come and see it .
For example , an advertisement of a new car or a computer demonstrates that the product guarantees the consumer 's satisfaction .
However , any human made product is bound to have mistakes and some errors .
When the consumer purchaes this newly advertised computer , he or she will soon discover some malfunctions which is not what the advertisement suggested .
Because the company made such an appealing advertisement , it was able to sell its product , which was their primary goal .

Another reason the company uses advertisements that make products seem much better than they really are is the competition with other companies .
The competition causes the producer to want to discourage the consumers to buy the other company 's products and only buy the product of his or hers .
In order to cause this discouragement is to make an effective advertisement .
To win the competition , an exaggeration of its product will not be the company 's main concern .
Thus , the company will willingly make its product look much better in its advertisement than it actually is .

The advertisements are the main means of communication betweenthe producers and the consumers .
To sell more products and to survive in the competition with other companies , a certain company will not hesistate to make product seem much superior to the actual product .
ADVERTISEMENTS IN THE AGE OF GLOBALIZATION

People today face with a stark choice : trusting in advertisements or not .
I argue that most advertisements make products seem better than they really are .
There are two reasons related to globalization : First , we live in the age of consumption culture and second , advertisement companies can earn money only if they make products seem better .

First , we cannot deny the fact that globalization effects the whole world .
A product goes through different stages before it arrives to the consumer .
The owners of the means of production - the capitalists - do need subjects who would consume those products .
The capitalists make some arrangements with the advertisement companies so that their products appeal people .
To get an attractiveness , those companies make products seem better .
For examle , if you want to buy a watch , you may look at the advertisements and decide accordingly .
You would look at the shape and the color of the watch as represented in the advertisement , and then think about it .
Later , you may come up with the idea that you want to buy this watch .
However , if you go to a watch store , you may be very disappointed in the sense that the watch you saw on the advertisement may be very different than the one you saw in the store !
The color or the quality may change .
As I mentioned before , advertisements make products seem better so that people buy it .

Second , since globalization ensures survival for the ones who have money , an advertisement company should earn money to continue to do business .
I agree with this fact , so it makes sense if they make products seem better .
The capitalists would choose a company which represents the product in the best possible way .
So , the advertisements companies would try to do their best in order to get the job .
Moreover , once people begin to buy items they see on the advertisement , the company would be famous and work with many other capitalists .
To clarify , every capitalist would like to be in collaboration with the most popular advertisement company .

To sum up , in the light of the factors I mentioned above , it can be said that advertisement companies do whatever the age of globalization requires .
The fact that it works through the consumption culture and it allowes a company to survive only if it earns money , advertisements make products seem better .
We should keep in mind that as long as we experience globalization , we have to accept the advertisements as they are .
I think that trying new things and taking risks is an important factor in becoming a successful person .
To argue such an opinion first one has to decide for himself his understanding of success .
After all , there are many fields in life in which a person may be successful : as a parent , as an employee , as a student etc .
But in each of these areas one will see that when carried out reasonably , attempting new things and taking risks does increase success , becuase it broadens our abilities and perspectives .

Today , we are in an age where the progress of things and developments around us happen at a much faster rate than they did in the past .
This observation has been made by many people including writers , scientists and socialogists .
The rate of changes around us is constantly increasing .
These changes include technological progress as well as the characteristics of societies .
All of these in my opinion make it inevitable that each individual has to renew themselves and stay up to date with the rapid progress around them both socially and professionally .
Otherwise one easily falls behind and because of this may face hardships .
For example , a doctor will achieve limited success through time if she confines herself to medical techniques that she already knows .
However a successful doctor should also be in a constant search for new techniques , new ways and new knowledge .
It is also seen in all social relationships , that the sides often have to renew themselves personally and try new things , especially when there is a question of having to compromise .
Problems in friendships ca n't be solved if the parties are n't willing change their behaviour at times .

Even in our everyday lives , we become tired of doing the same things and therefore try new things and take risks .
Otherwise one would go insane living a routine , robotic life .
As a result I think trying new things is an imprtant part o
I strongly agree that students should learn the ideas and concepts of anything rather than learning only the facts .

The points which i will cover are as below :
# Ideas and concepts reveals the actual knowledge of the student .
# Facts could be an illusionary knowhow about the subject .
# Conceptual knowledge makes a deep impact on the colleagues and professors and to attain more of the credits .
# Facts could be somewhat useful or maybe considered for timebeing but ideas generating the facts would be the ones every individual is interested to know .
# Importance of deep knowledge in today 's competitve world .
# Conclusion

As a saying goes on :

`` Half - Knowledge is dangerous '' .

The very friends of a man are always `` WHO '' , `` WHY '' , `` WHAT '' , `` WHERE '' .
And these all leads us to know the ideas and concepts behind every invention , every fact , every rule , every quote , every event that occurs or happens .
I would not be wrong if i say that i usually like to carry these four questions with me when ever i move to unkown place or to any interesting place .

Well , starting up with the essay i would like to stress on the point of `` Complete - Knowledge '' .
I suppose that this term is mentioned by me just to make my point self-explanatory .
Infact , i would say that a person with knowledge is the one appreciated everywhere .

And the matter is simply that a student will be able to get more of the grades and could get more attention if he has the collection of various innovative ideas accompanied with the facts told by him .

Now for example , a student preparing for any of the project presentation will have to elaborate and present his knowledge and research related to the topic of the project .
And in this case it would definitely be the best part for the student to collect the facts related to his project and to make them know how they were possible ?
Would n't that be a fantastic thing done by the student to make his classmates introduce with a new topic and in an educational way ?

Ofcourse it would be !
But i am not completely disagreeing with the point that knowhow of facts is also important sometimes .
`` As i believe something is better than nothing '' .
But usually facts turns out to be an illusionary concept with no basis to support .
This may lead a student to a condition of `` Nowhere '' .

But surely , a student will be able to get more of the accolades , extol , credits , grades on his complete and deep knowledge based on facts and figures .

Today 's competitive world demands knowledge with deep roots to sustain in the developing and fast - growing companies .
Every day new inventions and creations are forcing the companies to seek great minds to get in their company and in lieu to this great minds , always an acutal knowledge is required .

Still , a student should for sure attain as much knowledge as possible only to survive and to rise in this competitive world and prove his worth .
He should gain more and more facts and work out the ways through which thises facts have been developed .
His research probably would then be the most attractive part of his resume for a company to hire him .

Hence , knowledge is important and somehow with a basi and so ideas , concepts and facts together be the best part of having sound knowledge in a student life .
I would strongly agree with this statement .
In today 's learning environment , a student needs to focus on qualitative learning as opposed to quantitative learning .
A need for comprehension of the concepts and ideas becomes increasingly important for a person to achieve success in his/her life .

As a child , Benjamin Franklin was relieved of studying at junior school since he would not learn up everything that he was required of him , which he believed it to be unnecessary as they were already provided .
He went on to later become one of the greatest inventors of all time .
Now I am do not believe that school is not important , but that these ` facts ' , which are merely clusters of information , are actually derived from ideas that other people once had .
Once a concept is understood , the idea can always be derived .
Once a theorem is known , a derivation can be made .

In contrast , if a student is made to only learn facts with lesser importance given to ideas , then that student may not be able to contribute to many aspects that require thinking in his life .
If everyone were taught to do something but not told why it is done or what principle underlies it , then innovation would become an extinct concept .
I would next like to highlight another important result - innovation .
It is the only thing that has given us what we have today ; this PC that I am operating on , the ETS testing system and countless other things .
Complacency would really bring us back to the stone age .

In conclusion , if we were to only learn facts and figures , then we would not require schools in the first place .
Everyone would be academically equal or based on the capacity of his/her memory , which would be a large encumberance to progress .
This is the reason that all universities stress on concept learning than ` mugging up ' .
To conclude , I would say that this statement is perfectly right and that it should prevail .
The issue at hand is whether it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic fields or to specialize in one subject .
This question is not easy to answer , because I am convinced that this question is not able to be answered generally .

I believe that there are several points which do not support that knowledge of many subjects is the better option and there are several ones which do .
A disadvantage of having broad knowledge is that this sometimes means , that you are less familiar with each subject .
Sometimes in working life it is really important to have a subject you are really good at and not several ones you are less good at .
If a company is searching for a new translater for English , it does not help that an applicant is also able to speak French and Italian , if the result is that the English skills are only good instead of very good .

But I am also quite sure that specializing on only one subject could be disadvantagable , because it is always important to be interested in and to have skills except your specific subject .
Some jobs require skills in many different fields .
Teachers are a good example .
For being a good English teacher it is not enough to speak English very well .
A teacher should also have knowledge about didactics , psychology and pedagogics , because he must be able to teach , to communicate and to handle students in a appropriate way .

Additionally , there are some skills , called soft skills , everbodz should have and which is more important that acedamic knowledge .
Being able to work in a team is a good example .
It does not help you to know everything about a knowledge , if you are not able to work in a project group .

In conclusion , I am quite certain that a mix of both , specializing in a subject and also having a broad knowledge is the best option .
In essence , I totally agree that a broad span of knowledge of many subjects is better than specialization in one subject .

A broad knowledge span of many academic fields contributes to the overall scholarly status , or level of education , of a person .
The world we live in revolves around everything we can perceive from science to literature to general knowledge .
For example , a physicist who can only talk about physics and the very technical areas of his field of study is , at least to me , very difficult to be called a scholarly person .
It is true that he may excel in his own field of specialization but he will find it to earn respect from people in the society in general , partly because his lack of knowledge of ` other ' subjects implicitly implies his disregard for the people engaged in these ` other ' subjects .
To me , this physicist can not be called an educated person .

In my opinion , no one field of specialization can evolve and flourish solely on its own .
After all , whatever ideas , however abstract , that are involved in that field are developed and perceived by human beings who live in the real world that comprises of all different things .
It is inevitable that even the most abstract of ideas in one field should have the slightest association to another idea most likely in another field .
Since these can be linked in some way or another , it is apparently condusive to know other fields in order to see these links and perhaps also to better the field of specialization .

Another advantage of a broad knowledge span is different approaches and perspectives to viewing a problem .
Different academic areas implement different ways of thinking about problems .
For example , maths mainly adopts logic and reasoning , while literature may use a more elegant and artistic style to viewing the world .
Realizing this should make a person more flexible in solving problems in general and better understand the things around us , or concepts in his field of specialization , in multiple perspectives .

The above re-emphasizes the fact that single specialization is not desirable .
Learning is based on too main tecniques , understanding the ideas and concepts and learning facts .
Understanding the ideas and concepts is a very important step in the learning process , it helps students absorbe the essence of the topic .
For example : Jenny has to study science , the first thing she should do is read all the information , digest it and make her oun conclusions based on her knowledge .
Tis step is more general , it includes more aspects than the next one .

After getting the main points of a lesson , students learn the facts .
this provides them with a solid base when the use of the previos knowledge is requied .
In contrast with understandind the ideas , learning facts is a specific activity , where you memorize selected aspects of your interest .

In my opinion understanding the ideas and concepts is as important as learning the facts .
I have been in contact with both of the ways of studiyng and I have got better grades when I learn the facts than when I focuse on understanding the lesson .
Even though when I learn the facts I usually dont get the esence of the lesson , I get better grades .
It is a little absurd but almost all of my classmates had the same problem .
That is why I state in my personal opinion that the understanding is as important as memorizing .
It is a way of itegrating two proceses that complete each other and forming a whole , joining both steps .
As a result the flaws of one would be covered by the good thing of the other and viceversa .

For me , the perfect learning process would be the one which includes both of the steps mentioned above , linking them by relating the overview of a lesson with the specific facts that support it .
An advertisement is something that present people new products .
These products can be cars , lipsticks , foods and many other things .
They can be seen in newspapers , magazines or on television .
People , who prepare them , give a certain shape to these new products so that they can be seen more attractive to people .
Actually , the problem begins here because this may lead to the fact that advertisements may make products seem much better than they really are .

In order to testify the validity of this argument , it is better to analyze it with an example .
A famous car producer designed a new car for people who are married and have children .
In order to attract their target market , the car producers make a deal with an advertising agent .
The agent prepares an advertisement that will be shown on TV .
In this advertisement , the most beautiful and thin housewife who gave birth just two months ago and his very handsome husband go into their new car with their very cute children .
The car , although it is designed for middle-class families looks like a BMW in order to emphasize its excellence .
At the end , this wonderful middle-class family who owns this car , which looks like a BMW , lives happily ever after .

This example may sound a bit exaggerated but this is the case that is created by advertisements .
In advertisements usually everything seems in their best shape .
The women , men , babies look always perfect , which cannot be realistic .
I am wondering how many women , who gave birth just two months ago can be so thin as the woman in the advertisement appears .
Also , the products seem much more better than their real shape .
Most of the people who are attracted by this car advertisement go to the shops and think that they will have a car that is more luxurious than it seems .
However , this is not the case because when they see the car by themselves , they are disappointed because the car is in reality much more modest .

All in all , these do not mean that advertisements are not necessary .
On the contrary , they are very useful for people to know new products but this should not be in the form of convincing them .
Advertisements should reflect the truth about the products so that people are not disappointed .
I would have to say it is more important to understand ideas , I will explain to you why .

First of all we have the memory problem .
Most of the schools around the world and also most of the universities want their students to learn facts and concepts , and every student is capable of doing so in an affective way , however this is just temporary knowledge , those concepts and facts will be erased from their brains probably right after the test , if not , they wil be there for jsut a little longer but not enought .

On the other hand , when a student understands the ideas he does not have to memorice anything , because he uses he logic to infer things .
That is the kind of knowledge that will remain with him for a longer amount of time .

Second , we have the learning and applying factor .
When a student memorice or learn facts , is perfectly able to approve the tests and gradute , but when this student turns into a proffesional , a doctor for example , if the only thing he did in college was learning by heart avery little concept and fact , when he gets to the real life as a proffesional , he wo n't be able to give a diagnosis as good as someone that actually understood instead of learn .
why ?
because not every case , and every problem ( not just in medicine but in any other major ) is exactly the same as the one before , and most of them are not exactly the same as the ones we saw on the text book or the ones we learned by heart .
So the student , now proffesional , that undestood the material will not tight himself to the definition he learned but he will take into account all possible explanations while the one that just memoriced will see the problem within a fence .

Finally , it is cientifically proved that understand concepts helps the knowledge to prevail with time .
I 'm not saying memoricing is bad , I 'm just saying that it should n't be the only thing to take into account when you are training a future professional , because at the end , the most important thing is not the knowledge you have or how many text books you learned by heart when you were in college , but the way you use all that knowledge .
I think first that both the younger and older people both enjoy their lives but I think that older people enjoy thier life more .
I am convinced with that for several reasons .
One important reason is that in order to enjoy your life you should feel secure and relax .
I think older people feel more secure because they have already featured their lives .
Another reason of why old people enjoy their lives more is their financial status as generally the old people are richer than younger ones which helps them going on trips or performing a lot of activities .

I think that the older people will not have as much commitments as the younger people have as in young age the person is always in stress looking towards building a successfull future , this of course takes a lot of his time as he has to study many courses and prepare himself for entering the professional life .
After that the young people become busy with thier new jobs they try to progress in their carreers and make money .
They after that become concerned with building their own families by marriage and having babies .
They remain always like this living in stress trying to accomplish many tasks and reach many goals until they reach to a relatively comfortable life .

At this time only the begin thinking about enjoying their lives and spending a good time performing activities .
Taking myself as an example I think I am not enjoying my life uptill the moment because I am always struggling to have a good life I wish for myself and my small family .
I have always to study additional courses , I spend my money in this courses but I think this is mandatory to earn a degree as well as to increase my experience so that I get better job with higher salary .

But if I look to my parents I find that they enjoy their lives now , they go regularly to trips , they attend live performances and they enjoy practicing their hobbies as drawing and reading .

But of course I think that if I had a lot of money and a good job while I am young this will be the best option as I can enjoy travelling , playing soccer matches and practicing some risky activities as climbing mountains and diving .

But I believe that man ca n't get all what he wants at the same time , so I am building my future now and I wish I can enjoy my life at a later period .
In my opinion , the statement given is partly true and partly false .
Although the sense of community service has decresed to some extent among the young people , the number of people who conciously take up community service has not decreased .
I would like to support my view with the following reasoning .

Firstly , I think that this statement is not completely true because , in the past , community service was mandatory in many countries .
For example , in Germany , every individual had to serve in the army for a minimum of two years .
This was not a concious decision taken by the individual but by the government .
Presently , there is no such rule .
So , when it comes to statistically comparing the number of individuals who on their own , take up community service of some kind or the other , there is no big change in the numbers .
Also , in the past , the number of people who remained dedicated to community service is very small compared to the number of young people who were exposed to it .

Secondly , the reason why I think the statement is valid to certain extent is : Due to a drastic change in the pace of life in the present era of globalization , young people spend most of their time building up their careers and catching up with the rapidly changing world .
In this process , they find very less time to devote to community service .
And even if they do devote some time , it is not a concious effort .
That is , because of the less time they get to devote to community service , young people do not understand the joy , purpose and responsiblity involved in the process of community service .
So , to certain extent the stament is infact true .

To sum up , I would like to state that statement is partly false because the percentage of people commiting to community service these days is more or less the same as the percentage of people who conciously commited to community service in the past .
Also , the statement is partly true to a certain extent in putting forward that young people these days do not involve in service because of the reasons put forward above .
I agree with the statement that `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn facts '' .
It is mainly because by understanding the main idea and the concept we can try answer a few questions rather than keep learning the facts .

Like for example in Mathematics there are several problems that we go through and there might be many other ways in order to solve these problems .
It all depends on the person who is solving the problem .
Every person might have a different idea for solving the same problem .
For example in a class of 30 students if a question is given and the students are asked to solve that question then all the students might be able to solve the question and also get the answer but the method in which they solve is different .

If we just understand how to solve the problem thats more than enough we need not learn the different ways in which we can solve the problems .
Just understanding the problem is enough .

Even in the exams if we have just started a topic and cant remember even a single thing that we have learned then just understand what that topic is mainly about and write what you have understood about the topic .

Another example can be in seminars .
We cannot everything and anything that the speaker says on the stage but just understand the main idea and concepts that are being covered in the seminar .
In this way it will be easy for us to understand the seminar topic in a better way and if have any doubts also they can be clarified .

If the main idea of the problem is understood then everything else is easy to handle .
So it is definitely better for us to just understand the ideas and concepts instead of learning the facts .
Sometimes it might be too late for us to learn facts about something rather to understand the main ideas and concepts about the same thing .
Like in the example of exams we cannot learn everything and remember everything while we are writing the exam .
Instead it is better that we understand the main idea and concept of the topic .
In this way we can remember the topic for a longer time and can also recollect points about that particular topic where ever it is needed for us to and also give our opinions about the topic .

So in my opinion `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than learn facts '' .
So it is better for a student to understand the main idea of the problem and work towards that problem rather than sit and learn about the problem .
Who knows it might be too late to solve that particular problem .
I agree that it is the best way to travel in a group led by a tour guide even though some people might prefer travelling on their own .
First , people can make new friends in the tourist group .
When one person travels alone or with his or her family members only , it is quite possible that he or she willl get bored .
If people travel in a group , they can meet different people and make new friends with the group members during the trip .
Generally , tourists will remain in the group till the end of the trip , which provides adequate time for people to get to know each other and make new friends .

Second , to travel in a group would bring more fun .
When people travel alone , they might feel it is a pity that nobody shares this experince with them .
While in a group , people can share this wonderful experience with the group members .
The lasting memory of travelling would be enriched by the happiness added by the group members .

Third , it would be efficient and organized when the tourist group is led by a guide .
The guide would arrange the travel in the best way , which means travellers need not spend a lot of time to plan for the travelling .
Travellers do not need to find information themselves and they do not need to worry about where to sleep at night , how to find the direction or how to take the transportation .
In addition , the tourist guide can provide adquate information for the history and uniqueness of the scenic spots .
The tourists only need to listen to the guide and enjoy themselves .

Because people can make new friends , enjoy and share the travelling experience with others and tourist agency would offer the best arrangement and high efficiency for travelling , I support the idea that the best way to travel is to travel in a group led by a tour guide .
` Community ' is the sole of any civilization .
The stronger the community is the better would be the civilization .
Since community consructs the society and socity has a big impact on the life style of the people living in the society and the literature written , and all these things reflect the progress and prosperity of the nation .
As far as the role of young people in the developmant of the society or community is concern , I am completely agree with the fact that young people are not paying much attentions towards their society now days .
Young people act as the base for any society because thay have the energy and courage .
They are the flag carries of their community .
Any commuinity is reflected by its younger generations .

But now days young people are not understanding their duties towards their community and their nation .
People are geeting more and more self centred and this selfishness is leading them towards this .
People should realize that its only the community that is going to help them .
One cannot live in isolation .
Let us take a example to explain this point .
Suppose if we isolate a person from a community then would the person will servive ?
The answer is definitely negative .
One cannot survive without an environment .
The person is dependent on the community for his basic needs .
All the functions of a community are inter-dependent .
One cannot perform all the fuctions alone .
So here the youths need to understant the fact that they cannot survive without a society .

Secondly , if you are living in an environment then there would be a proper balance between you and the environment .
Your environment must be a developed one in the same way as you are .
To explain this point let us take the example of a tree surrounded by a dirty land then definetly that dirty surroundings are going to hinder the growth of the tree .
So we must learn here the importance of community and its development .

Nowdays youths are not contributing towards the development of their community .
They must reallize the fact that development cannot be made alone .
You wo n't be cosidered as the developed person until unless you belong to a developed nation .

So in conclusion of my view I would like to state that young people , including me as well , should reallize their duties towards their communities and should come forward to uplift it .
I would like to urge them to work for the prosperity and development of their community .
The first questions that comes to my mind after reading that statement is `` Did people in the past spend more time helping their communities ? ''
.
To answer that question we should take a short look at the society in earlier times .
A hundred years ago the communties where much smaller than these days .
300 years ago there was no supermarket in small villages .
People had to work together to survive .
The farmer had to grow food , the tailor had to produce clothes .
Everyone was interested in getting the best out of what they were doing .
Therefore they often contributed something to help their community .
That has changed .
Today a lot of people do n't really care about their neighbors and/or surroundings .
For example we have a big house with 6 floors .
20 Families are living in this house .
The house is very dirty inside , when you step outside you can find dog 's excrements everywhere .
Neighbors call the police all the time , because they think their neighbor is too noisy .
Here we can see that even in a small community like the house in my example is not working together .
They are not helping eachother and instead try to make life harder for everyone around .
The country Germany is another example for a community .
We have many different provinces in this country and they usually do n't work together that much .
Every province tries to get the best result for themselves , but instead of doing that through helping other provinces and contributing something to the community they just try to get the most amount of money they can .
So why is it that people nowadays do not spend a lot of time to help their communities ?
We all know that people have the time .
People watch many hours T.V. everyday due to boredom .
They could use that time to help the community .
The problem is that a lot of people do n't feel responsible for their community anymore .
They see that the house is dirty , but they are not willing to do anything about it .
Either because they think `` I 'm not going to do it , someone else can do it. '' or they think `` If nobody is cleaning it , why should I ? ''
.
A way to solve this issue could be to encourage people to contribute something for their community and make life better for everyone .
Traveling in a group with a tour guide , a way of taking a trip with a group of people with one guide attached , is an effective way of traveling for the people who do n't know well about the region .
However , since this way of travelling restricts the personal freedom and chances to meet the local people , it is certain that traveling in indiviual is a better way of traveling .

When traveling in a group , you have to respect other people , and travel the region according to the guide 's plan .
Because of that , even if you really like one place and wants to stay more in the place , you get no luxury to choose whether to move to the other place or to stay in one place .
A good example of this is when you visit Louvre Museum in Paris as a group .
Since Louvre Museum is a gorgeous museum that needs more than a day to see everything , because of the tour guide 's schedule , you have to move to the other place when the time is up , and some tour guides set the time for the Louvre Museum for only few hours , making travellers impossible to see many things from the museum .
On the other hand , traveling in individual grants travelers the most freedom .
The one traveling alone can choose to stay in one region as long as their time allows , and also can skip a place according to his will .
For instance , when an individual traveller finds the Louvre Museum very interesting , he can choose to spend few days for the Museum , skipping his chances to see the other places , such as the Versailles Palace .
Due to that , the person can make and adjust his own schedule to achieve the best pleasure in given time .

Not only achieving freedom , but travelling as an individual can give travellers chance to meet many local people .
Some people might claim that travelling as an individual can make the person unable to find the places that the person wants to go .
However , travelling is not just about seeing places and take pictures .
True meaning of travelling is feeling cultures of places , and meet people and communicate with them .
By doing that , the person can widen his/her view about the world .
Furthermore , if a person cannot reach to the place because he does n't know the way , then he can ask local people using his body languages and gestures .
By doing that , even though the trip might be a little tougher , but the trip will be more meaningful and will help the person to grow mentally .

Many people tend to travel in group because of the various reasons .
One might decides to travel in group because he/she has no time to plan for his own trip .
One might decides to travel in group because he ca n't speak the language of the region .
However , despite of all the disadvantages of travelling alone , Travelling individually will help you to understand better about the culture as well as widening your viewpoints about the world .
Due to that , it is certain that travel as an individual is the best way to travel .
It is difficult to answer this question .
Young people have all their lifes ahead , everything is new .
They have their dreams that they hold on to , and they are , usually , full of hope .

Older people on the other hand , have learned a lot already , and acquiered some wisdom .
They see life and certain things like love less complicated .
They had their experiences and are much cooler than when they were young .

But young people have the advantage to be healthier and full of power and strength to live their youth and to make experiences themselfes .
Older people are more likely to get sick and to feel tired and weak .
So maybe their bodys are not what they used to be .
But the expierences they made and what they have learned about life and about themselfes helps them to take it easy .
Their mind is stronger .
A old man laughs about this childish young guy who is so desperatly in love that he is not able to eat or to think , because he can only think of his girl .
But he also envies him for being so strong and active and to have such intense feelings .

This is something he lost on his way becoming a mature man .
Being young is an adventure , and you may enjoy it or you may regret it .
It is full of action and impressions , but for me , maybe because I m young and have not experienced being old , i still believe that the future , in wich i will be old , offers me plenty of happyness .

It will be different , though .
I am quite sure it depends on every single person whether they are happier when they are young or old .
But I have to admit , that even if I think that it only gets better , most of the old people miss their youth very much .
But it can be joyfull to remember to !
I think you should enjoy every age .
But as the youth is more intense , I think that for most people the youth is the part of their lifes that they enjoy the most .
Do young people just worry about their life and academic courses , and not worry about the society ?
Are young people so selfish that they cannot contribute just a little bit of their time to the society they live in ?
How about all the homeless people who have nowhere to go ?
What about the old beggars who do not have money to support their family ?
Even as young people , we do help our communities by creating clubs such as UNICEF , and cleaning up places for a better environment .

In my school just a year ago , a teacher , Ms. Levine , started an organization called UNICEF .
It is an organization where we help the children that need help .
Mostly , the children who need help are the ones who have no place to stay , no money to support medication , or no proper education .
When this club was introduced , a lot of young people joined , not because they could get community service credits , but because they could actually help by devoting their time to it .
Just by dedicating time to provide service , we could raise money to save a child from neumonia or starvation , and that 's what 's most important .

The environment , a place where we 're all affected , is gradually polluting the place .
Every year , the school decides to take students to the beach to clear up glass pieces , plastic bags that are polluting the environment .
The students who joins this event every year did not join because they could ditch one day of class , because the event is on a saturday .
The young students are willing to give up their weekend to stay under the boiling sun and clean up in the beach and make the world a better place .

Time is unlimited .
Young people have time for themselves , but they would also find time to help the community .
If not , they would n't be willing to go to the beach on a saturday morning to clean up , nor would they join UNICEF to help children who have no affiliation with them .
Most young people would actually enjoy helping the community rather than take it as a threat .
`` We should try everything as possible as many things before he become old . ''
My parents used to tell me since i was young .
It means that we can not do everything , which we want to do , when we become old , becasue old people can not have the power of life , eventhough they have exprienced knowledge and money .
I aagree with the following statement . ''
Young people enjoy life more than older peole do . ''

Firstly , when we are young , we have the important things for living our life , such as power of life and youngness .
Therefore , the two things can help us challeng and try everything in our life .
In the news , sometimes we could hear about news that young people challenge something incredible or accomplish something .
Few monthes age , i heard a news about handcapped group of peole challege to swim .
And they finally accomplished their goal , such as making short time records .
I believed that if we do not have the power of our life and youngness , we can out challenge and try to do everything .

Secondly , if we are young , we do not know abour fear .
if could make us enjoying life more than older people .
Usually , older people know fear of life well , becaseu they have much more expereices and hear about more happendings many times .
Thus older people know more fear about everything .
But , for young peole they are inexperienced about everything our life .
Thus young peole do not have much fear than older people .
We could see many examples world widely well , young people loves to try very wild and dangerous sports , such as sky diving and snow bording .
When i went ski and snow bording place , i could see the 95 percent of snow border was youg people , who want to feel the danger and speed .
Young people loves to feel fear and always want to challenge wildness in the world .

Lastly , eventhough older people usually have money , they can not evjoy their life than young people , becasue they think their future too much .
Older people think about their future , death , family and other suff alot , becasue they know their responsibilities .
But usually , for young people they do not think about theur future , job , family or other suff , becasue bascailly they have much time than older peole .
Young people could do their stuffs in their future , but for older people , they do nopt have much time , so they have to spend their time more valuably .
It always makes stoping older people enjoy their life .
For my personal example , just next my house , there is one family .
The family has old parents and two youg childrens .
Since last year , they all wanted to go travel every places in the world , the all family tried to go travel , but only their two children could go travel , becasue when they were living travel , parenst were start thinking anout their time , money , future , and everythings .
But their childrens did not thinkg about their suddroundings , and just decided to go travel , finally only their chidrlen could go travel .
Older peole can not enjoy their life , becasue they care about their surroudning problems too much , espeicially time .

In other words , young people enjoy life more than older people do , becasue young people have the power of life and youngness , these two things make them challenging .
Young people are unexperienced people , so they do not know the fear of life .
Thus sometimes , they could be very brave .
Lastly , everhtough older peole usually have much more money , h \ they can not enjoy life , becasue they care about their surrounging problems , such as time .
I totally agree with the statement .
Ads do `` make products seem much better that they really are '' .
That 's the whole point , is it not ?
To entice customers , to lure them to buy something .
To somehow convince the buying masses that life will be oh-so-much-better with such-and-such a product .
To do that , advertisers and other assorted marketing types must make the product stand out from the plethora of goods out there in the market place .
And what better way to do that than to try to convince Joe Q. Public that his life will be dramatically improved , in mysterious ways , if he buys widget A or gizmo B ?

Two examples that come to mind in that regard are car ads and cosmetics .
Most car ads ( there are exceptions , of course ) do not focus on fuel economy or the quality of the seat belts .
That would be factual .
That would also be boring .
Instead those ads show the car in a variety of dramatic settings -- the desert , rugged mountains , a curvy sea-side road -- going at high speed , and generally doing all kinds of things that a sane , normal , suburban driver would never do .
And at the end of the commercial , in tiny letters at the bottom of the screen , you get the standard disclaimer : `` Professional drivers on a closed course .
Do not try this at home . ''
If that is not ` making the product seem much better ' than it really is , I don ' t know what would be .
But it makes the car look cool , and that 's the whole point .

The other , even more egregious example is provided by skin-cream ads .
Specifically , those that claim , for instance , that one 's skin will be `` 62 % smoother '' or `` 43 % brighter '' or somesuch nonsense .
Of course , those ads never actually explain how one measures skin smoothness or brightness .
Or what that `` smoother '' refers to .
Smoother than sandpaper ?
Who knows .
But using a number , and ideally featuring someone in a white coat , will give a serious , scentific aura to a product which would otherwise be yet another skin cream .
Heck , if it makes my skin 62 % smoother , it has got to be more than twice as good as the competing product that only claims a 30 % improvement , right ?
In my openion young people do enjoy life more than older people .
This is a very evident fact and can be said based on reasons .

Firstly , Younger people have more risk taking and dander facing tendancy than older people .
Young people are carefree and more enthuziastic than older people and hence they tend to perform any activity for just the sake of enjoyment .
While older people do not have that carefree and risk taking attitude .
Older people are much mature and tend to focus more on the danger and possibility of damage or accident that lays ahead .
So , younger people many times enjoy themselves by taking up risky sports like car and motor-bike racing , bungy jumping and para-sailing .

Secondly , the phsical conditions of older people does not many times allow them to move to different places and perform many fun related activities .
While the body of younger people is more flexible and strong so they get less tired .
So , they can enjoy by taking up sports , long country tour and other similar activities as a source of enjoyment for themselves .
Also , young people are more flexible an adaptable towards the changes in the culture and in technology and hence more by going to a disco , pub , getting tattoos , playing games on computer and using various eletronic items like i-pods and mp3 player .

Lastly , though it is possible for older people to enjoy life but they are not able to enjoy as much as younger people due to other limitations .
Older people have many responsibilities of family , work and society on them .
So , they are not able to enjoy themselves as much as young people who are free from these responsibilities and have much more time to enjoy .

Therefore , it can be said that due to carefree , flexible and risk taking nature of young people it is possibe for them to enjoy more than the adults who are less flexible and have much more responsibilities on themselves .
Opting for general academic knowledge instead of a more specific one is a defining choice .
It will undoubtedly have a significant impact on the student 's future professional career .
While broad knowledge is often prefered , I personally think that focusing on specific topics is more relevant .
Indeed , I am convinced that it is essential in order to become competent in a field .
Moreover , a freshly graduate student with very specific skills is more likely to match an employer expectations .
Nevertheless , in the particular case of management , broader knowledge is still preferable .

First and foremost , going deep into a subject allows students to master perfectly a field , while surfacing it results in the end in useless skills .
By tackling everything , we finally stop working on a subject when it is getting interesting .
For instance , in high school , we discover many things : just enough to have a vague understanding of how things work .
I would have loved to go further on biology , physics ...
But we lacked time .
In order to go further on a subject , making a choice is needed .

Then , I think that a student who is specialized will better fit a company needs than if he had general background academic knowledge .
Indeed , in the modern industry , what is needed is very focused people , working on tiny tasks .
The gathering of those tiny tasks , with each of them perfectly performed , makes the final result great .
For instance , a friend of mine was specialized in micro frequence wave lengths , or close .
He had no difficulty to be hired for a top level position in a military company because his profile was very rare .

Finally , I would underline the fact that there is one field where broad competences are better : management .
As a matter of fact , what a manager is asked for is not doing things well .
He is expected to be able to make his team deliver a great job .
So he should understand the tasks of each of his teammates in order to manage them properly .
The higher his position , the broader his skills .
For instance it would be a non sense to ask a CEO in a pharmaceutical company to having very deep knowledge of drugs composition .

To conclude , I would say that having a specific approach is a winning solution for any student .
Then , if he is to reach managerial positions , he will have the opportunity to get an MBA in order to learn broader things for instance .

| More competent : surfacing topics vs having an in6deep knozledge .
Zith broad learnings : stop zhen it starts getting interesting .

Specialized : today co ; panies , research specific knowledge for efficiency

The exception : management .
Need to be able to anyone and understand
People who have broad knowledge of many academic subjects are usually considered as intelligent people .
Why ?
Most probably because they will be able to have and give an opinion on any kind of topics discussed in society .

In my opinion , the fact of aknowledging a variety of issues in different fields is the key to an effective and constructive open-mindedness .
This open-mindedness is constituted by the gathering of informations from different academic subjects studied and the synthesis one can makes with them .
As an example , I would feel more comfortable debating on a President 's policy if I took a class about the contemporary history of the country he is leading to understand how he got elected , a sociology class to understand who elected him and a political sciences class to analyse the way he communicates his ideas and wht conclusion I can draw based upon his behaviour .
By contrast , if I only studied one of these subjects , I probably wo n't be able to have a wide view over all the issues that a policy involves .

However , being specialized in a particular academic field will provide me with the ability to elaborate an expert answer , that is to say deliver an in depth analyse based upon a more specific knowledge .

I personally think it is essential to get specialized in some academic field .
Variety is good for general culture and open-midedness but specialization is more useful in the professional field .
Becoming an expert in one field provides you with more skills and proficiency in the subject studied .
This reason makes specialization be a better choice when it comes to the application for a job .
For example , if I want to be a lawyer , I need to have a law degree .
By contrast , if I want to be a business manager , I can get experienced in a company as an in house consel and still be qualified for that job .
A lecture may be a useful , but boring way to teach a person about a country or a city .
Travelling , on the other hand , is a very unique way to learn because people gain the knowledge while having fun .
Not only does it teach about a historical aspect or a specific condition in the country or city , but it also gives the people the opportunity to live within what they are learning , and to actually be able to see , feel and even touch what they are learning about .
A person , however , cannot learn just by seeing or being in the place ; the best way to get the most out of the travel is to travel in a group led by a tour guide .

A tour guide is an expert who will give all the interesting historical , technological and even social facts and beauties of the place a person visits .
It is more fun if you listen to a person talking than just reading a book or asking people .
A tour guide will show you places you may not be able to reach or know about by yourself .
Also , if you have any questions about anything in a trip , the tour guide is a person who is already there to help you .

Travelling with a tour guide and a group is much safer than travelling alone , especially if it is a place not familiar or is not being visited before by the traveller .
There is a lesser chance for a person to get lost in a new place if the person was with a group led by a tour guide .
The place may also be dangerous , such as theft or kidnapping .
When you are with a group and a tour guide , it is less likely for you to be kidnapped or rubbed .

And so , travelling alone may be fun , but the consequences of it can be dangerous or less useful for the individual .
However , travelling with a group and a tour guide is both a fun means and an affective way of gaining knowledge .
Broad knowledge on all the areas of knowing allows an individual to have intellect over many subjects , which are the academic subjects .
Primary and Secondary schools provide a person with the basic knowledge of all the areas concerning academic subjects .
However , when the individual enters an university level of education , the person starts to focus on a specific area , still making reference to others , but refering and specialazing in one area .
I believe that even though this focus on an area allows an individuals to develop a career on that topic where the individual 's interest is ; a broad knowledge of all academic subjects is fundamental and neccesary for the development and growth of the individual throughout its life .
Some of the areas of knowledge are the following : math , history , social sciences , natural sciences , and the arts ( literature , music , and plastic arts ) .
For an individual to entirely comprehend world conflicts and life situations it is demanded an atleast a general comprehension of these subjects .

Besides the knowledge of all these academics areas enhance the comprehension of the individual towards life , it permits the creation of connections between events through reason between them and to contribute more to the society .

Someone does not need to be an historian or an artist to comprehend these areas , but a basic knowledge on these amiliorate any difficulty in understanding them .
As a preceptor , the individual has to make use of reason and logic to make those conneccions which allow to understand , and also to create their own theories , their own conclusions regarding a topic .

Academic subjects are the tools given to individuals to have the start , the spark to create and make up its own criteria towards and subject , also the ability to discuss among a group of persons a topic and have basis to take and defend a stand .

For example , those members that work in the United Nations must have hollistic knowledge of the happenings of the world and must have the ability of recognize them , and to use all the areas of knowledge , along with the ways of knowing , to find possible solutions through the making of resolutions .
Even though there are the committes of human rights , E.C.O.S.O.C , disarmament and enviroment ; each member of this committe cant be stuck on only one of the subjects involved .
When looking to a conflict each one of them has to have the ability to look at the panoramic view , denominated the birds view , from that of the narrow view , the ants view .
This is what separates us from animals , the ability to reason , to identify a problem and search for a solution , using our most valuable tool which is our knowledge .

In conclusion , to have a better comprehension of the world , of conflicts , of life the individual must have a broad knowledge of all the acaemic topics , because they are all interrelated , and this builds up the persons own personal criteria towards anything , this makes it possible for discussions between U.N. memebers concerning possible solutions towards the impovement of a better world .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
What will happen with the development of cars ?
Will the amount of driving cars in 2030 increase or decrease ?

Let 's take a short look on the fast development of cars .
They were invented in about the 1920s and became more and more popular for all people all over the world within the last century .

Nowadays , it is unbelieveable not to have car or a possibility to lend one , if you need one .
People got used to their drivable possibility to get from point A to point B whenever they want to and how often they want to .
They do n't depend on any busses , trains or even flights .
Even think of the high taxes and fees one has to pay if he uses any public traffics .

Beside the fact , a car is one 's chance to get form A to B , a car enables you to feel free and independent .
If you want to go on vacation , get your car ready and leave your homecountry .
But this , unfortunately , is luxuary , especially in times like this when oil-price is as high as it has never been before .
One has to effort his or her car .
Having a car , turns out to be a question of money and the possibility to effort it .
It 'll be senseless , to spend all your loan on gas , would n't it ? !

Furthermore , the amount of gas that pollutions the air everyday , every minute , exactly every second , is still rising and does n't seem to get less in future .
Although there are several techniqual developments and inventions , it 'll be a problem and influences the environment a lot .

What will be in about 20 years ?
Will people think about this facts and problems and turn into another development of enviromental and social thinking ?
Will there be a chance to be fewer cars used than they are today ?
In my opinion , I do n't believe in this solution , being fewer cars in 2030 than they are now .
People more and more get selfish , always want the best and newest version of an invention ( car ) and they probably will change a certain way of group , social and enviromental thinking but they wo n't change their behavior towards car-using .

In my opinion , there are only two things that will lead a change in the amount of cars used .
First the changing of laws by the government enforcing people to fullfill certain policies in car using ( such as car sharing , car-free days , etc . )
and second if the oil price is still increasing !
I disagree with the prior statement for several reasons .
When we say that is is better to do this or that , we should ask ourselves : better for whom ?
Is it better for me , for the others , for society as a whole ?
I think that altough a broad knowledge of many academic subjects can be fruitful for individuals , societies rely more and more on specialized knowledge .
And this is why i disagree with the statement .

The first argument is that if a society values knowledge , and ours does , then it should realize that the pursuit of knowledge is fostered by intense research in areas that become by necessity the object of further and further specialization .
To increase our knowledge about things , be it nature , or the social realm , or just abstract math , we need researchers to constantly go beyond what they already know .
It is only by being at the forefront of a given discipline that we can gain more knowledge about it .

The second argument in support of specialized knowledge is that we , as a society - even though there are relevant exceptions - , do not pursue knowledge only for knowledge 's sake .
We use knowledge in order to satisfy an objective , be it the improvement of our societies , or of our health , or whatever it is we want to improve .
Doctors want to heal people , engineers want to build bridges .
Most of our society 's needs depend on specialized knowledge .
Broad knowledge of many subjects can serve the spirit , but the well-being of modern societies requires more than well-educated , well-rounded citizens .

Last but not least , our societies , which we value , as we have already said , need to be sustainable in the long term .
Sustainability - economic , social , ecological - is a complex issue and we as a society need to educate people that should be able to treat this complex phenomena .

These are some of the reasons why we can say that specialized knowledge is better for our societies and therefore that is is better to have this kind of knowledge than having broad knowledge of many subjects .
That said , individuals should be interested in areas in which they are not specialized , because thirst of knowledge is part of being human and it makes our societies richer in variety and more interesting .
That is actually a topic which is dicussed by a lot of students I know year after year .
A lot of them argue that lerning facts have nothing to do with the intelligence of a person and are rarley needed in one 's future job .
To a certain degree I agree with their opinion because an engineer should understand that he is not allowed to use a weak material for the fondation of a house but that he rather has to choose a strong material one can build on .
That is nothing one have to learn but what is rather logical .

Others , on the conrary argue that some facts are necessarly to understand a certain idea .
My favourite example is that an engineer who finished his study will not be able to build a house or even a machine if he does not know which components exist to build or to construct them .
That is why engineers have a special subject in which they learn which range of components can be used to construct a machine or to build a house .

To be honnnest , I believe that there has to be something in between .
I know a lot of students who learn a lot and thus know many specific facts in their fields but they do not have a structure for their knowledge .
One could say : `` They cannot see the forest because of the trees . ''
They have problems to analyse a new situation because they are not openminded but caught by their thoughts .

On the other hand I know quite a few students who actually do not learn at all but they still can analyse a situation properly and give a good answer .
Nevertheless , they lose ground as soon as a dicussion becomes more detailed .

Finally , I have to say that I do not agree with that answer because I believe that understanding ideas is as important as lerning facts are .
To be more precisely , I believe that one have to learn facts in the beginning to understand a concept or an idea properly .
That is the way I used to learn during my study and that is what I would recommend to everyone .
Although travelling in a group led by a tour guide could have a great positive impact on the travellers experience and knowledge base , such perks are more that often diminished in comparison to the manifold problems and distractions that arise from such trips .
It is true that tour guides , especially local ones , are more knowledgeable when it comes to their cities and provide deeper insights and plausible suggestions on what and where to see and do .
Futhermore , in a group situation , being part of events and trips is usually more interesting and enjoyable and provides a great opportunity to meet other people and make new friends .
However having a tour guide and being part of a group could hinder the overall experience of a city or place due to the numerous formalities and regulations they tend to emphasize .

With tour guides comes cast in concrete planning of every minute and hour of every day , week and month .
Since tour guides are managing large groups of people it is very important to keep time and schedule for every aspect of the trip ; from visiting monuments and tourist sites to dining and sleeping .
Unfortunately , this would take away all the spontaneaity from the trip rendering it very systematic , dry and simply boring .
Not knowing what you are going to do for the day , or sleeping in in another might be all that you need to rejuvenate yourself during your travels .

Paralleling such arguments and in response to the dynamics of group travelling , many other negative aspects usually arise .
Having too many people would usually result in conflict ; it is very hard to get consensus in the case of a decision making situation .
Furthermore , it is the nature of a group to include people from diverse backgrounds and value systems .
This would more than often surface at some point and cause some kind of disagreement that would result in a bigger complication that both parties would have to keep up with until the end of the trip .

Therefore , one can avoid such problems when travelling by choosing to travel with a couple of friends or family members instead of being part of large highly organized systematic group experirnce .
Having a guide book or asking locals for suggestions would adequately substiture for a nagging tour guide .
Now a person could be more spontaneas and not governed by rules and regulations on the only true break he/she might get per year .
I believe I have strong convictions towards my opinions for the reason that I was part of a group trip that was led by a tour guide for too long period of time during one of my summer vacations and that certainly did not turn out to be a good experience .
I totally agree with the statement .
The basic purpose of an advertisement is - publicity .
And the more flashy an advertisement is the better publicity it attains .

It all derives from the fundamental rule of business and marketing , that is , making profit .
when a product is launched into the market , stress is laid on how wel it is advertised so that it catches the attention and interest of the masses and not on how wel it is going to stand upto their expectations .
So the ground rule laid for the advertising companies is to make the advertisements ( or ` ads ' as it is more preferably addressed ) as luring as possible .
And hence , most of the times the ads end up promising much more than what the products actually deliver .
On quite a number of occasions the ads have been found guilty of misleading the masses .
They lead people to believe how safe and benefitial the product is when actually the safety front has been compromised .
The recent decline in the number of people indulging in soft drinks after some toxic chemicals were found in their contents is a good example of how the advertisements blow the products out of proportion .
In order to make huge profits every product is depicted as an ideal one but the the flaws only start appearing after a while when it is actually used for a period of time .
the sad part is they prey on the most comely bait i.e. the common people .
They are the one who have to bear the brunt of all the false claims made in the advertisements .

Making advertisements is a very innovative work its true , but it should never compromise on its ethics which on most number of occasions it does .
It should always be kept in mind that in a way it is also a means of serving the people as it lets them know about the things that are available to them and that can make their lives better in one way or the other .
Today most of the advertisements do not seem to realise this and are evasive of their responsibility towards the people and the society .
The utmost intention of school lessons is to provide the pupil with the sufficient understanding and knowledge that they can make their way in the sometimes rough and high demanding world .
This suggests that pepole learn to get along with problems coming up and they should thereby retain the things they learned during school time .
As the issues in your life differ quite much from those examples which an average pupil learns at school , I highly agree with the statement that it is more important to learn concepts and ideas rather than to retain simple facts .
I will highline my reasons to believe this in the following passages .

First off , as I already mentioned above it is highly likely to face a situation it which you are demanded to apply your knowledge on different topics .
Therefore the understanding of ideas and underlying schemes is crucial .
As an simple example there are signs and rules you ought to have learned during acquiring the drivers licence .
Other countries obey different traffic rules but maybe use the same signs .
So you are able to adjust to the new challenges and go along with the traffic ideas .

Secondly , understanding ideas broadens your mind and challenges it simultanouesly .
You are much more likely to see connecting and corresponding points in an interdisciplinar matter and thus you are able to gain quicker insight into new fields or topics .
This can elevate your understanding of miscellainious issues .

At third , understanding ideas and concepts may constitute the basis and platform for vital discussions among students .
If you have gained the crucial point of what a topic is all about you are able to exchange thoughts and can thereby help others to apprehend the problem or even take benefit for yourself by reconsidering your own opinion .

Overall I am a strong believer in the didactic target to catch the ideas rather than to retain pure facts .
By shaping the peoples mind this method is much more effective to prepare students to find their way in the challenging world .
It may be that due to this assumption this concept is the underlying structure and principle of all sophisticated schools .
Today , the car industry is at a decisive turn in its history .
While the population in urban areas keeps growing , and there are more and more people that need transportation in their everyday life , the industry is facing both economic and environmental challenges : how will it take up these challenges ?
Will the world become a place saturated by cars , and totally polluted by car gas emissions ?

The car industry has enjoyed a tremendous growth since the Post War period .
It developped at a fast pace , and many industrialized countries adopted the individual car as the answer to meet the rising need of citizens for transportation .
During the last half century , cars have spreaded everywhere in the world , becoming the number one way for people to move .
The example of the US society is relevant to show how car is playing a major part not only from a practical point of view , but also on a symbolic level , as the first individual cars were the Ford T and this technological advance contributed greatly to develop the US influence all over the world .

However today , regarding the economic context and the environmental situation of the planet , I think it is high time we think about what I would call the `` Post Car Era '' .
Indeed , the whole car industry success lies on the fact that people have easy access to affordable fuel , a fact which is today increasingly questionned regarding the political situation in many oil-producing countries .
Besides , today people seem to be more aware of the dramatic ecological impact cars have on the environment .
I often reflect upon what would next generations think of our irresponsible behaviour , because although we know it is a suicide on the long run , we keep using individual cars even when it could be replaced by environment-friendly means of transport .

Anyway , I am confident and I think that soon there should be major changes in our daily habits regarding the use of cars , which should lead to a sharp decrease of their number .
But I know it will take time , and I think such goal cannot be reached without a prior global reflexion on what we , as human beeings , are currently doing to the planet we live on , and on what the alternatives to the massive use of individual cars are .
What is at stake , the future of the planet , is far too important to be overlooked .
last year I took a course which is the electromagnetic theory .
many students who took this course , memorized the questions and answer in order to take high grade in the exam and at the end of the course they took high grades .
however they remember nothing from course and they study very hard in this year course which is the continued course .
I and my friends did n't take high grades but we remember all the concept of the courses .
because we studied very hard on understanding the concepts last year and the second course is quite simple for us because of last years studies .
also we use our information about the concepts of the course on the final project .
altough learning facts provides a high grade , learning the concepts is more important according to two reasons which are understanding the continueing courses and applying the information to the other areas .

fisrtly , understanding ideas amd concepts are strickly necessary for being succesfull on the other courses which related to the course .
if someone does not know the concepts of the one special topic , he/she will not understand the other topics related to special topic and he/she will not do good researches because of not understanding the research topic very well .

secondy , using the concepts of the courses on the other areas .
when we graduate from university , we will work on a company as engineer .
there will be many projects that we will deal with , and we will want to do the best project .
we will use our information and do research in order to find the solution to the project .
if someone know the concepts , he/she will easily connect the information that find in his/her researhes and his / her knowledge of the concepts .

to conclude , it should be more important for students to understand ideas and concepst than it is for them to earn facts .
using the concepts on the other areas and understanding the coming c
i believe espeacially collage students should have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
For example in my university called Sabanci university , we have two years to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
No matter which faculty the student will continue with , all students should learn a bit from everything such as chemistry , biology , mathematics , politics , history \ design ect .
For example i made a good useage of this system , by learning what i really want to study .
As for me , I would never choose visual communication and design department if there was no such a system .
I have choosen this department by knowing what it includes , what the requirements are and for sure what pleases me more .
By looking from this perspective , i think that to have broad knowledge helps to open peoples minds and create more well cultural backgrounded people .
The more well cultural backgrounded people means the more civilized people .
Perhaps this would lead to a better , pieceful enviroment for living .
By the help of this system , people take more confidential steps to their future jobs .
As we see today , most people do not work at the same field that they were graduaded from , moreover they do not enjoy their jobs .
As a conclusion , this system can be the solution of this problem .
However i believe that after having broad knowledge of many academic subjects , people should specialize in one subject , because it is also important to have specialized people on specific subjects .
If knowledge of everyone is on the same level , the scientific approaches or artistic innovations would not be possible .
As a result of all , my oppinion is , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Young mindes and the energy associated with them are the nations greatest resources .
A `` Youth '' has the power to change the complete outlook of the society over any topic .
I believe that youth can turn governments , ideas , style of leaving and any thing that one can imagine about .
But , the sadest part of todays complex society comes when we realize that youths of today are much more involved in there own lives , struggling with there own problems and therby restricting there potential towards changing the society for the betterment of it .
There are several resons for these changing behaviour as listed below .

Firstly , in todays complex life , Where the life has gone so busy ; it is becoming hard to find time with your our own family 's , how can one think about changing society outlook and helping the society for its benefit .
Mostly youths are into some form of educatiuonal institute and as the competition and technology improves more and more material gets added to their syllabus and in turn landing them with lesser and lesser time for other activities .

Secondly , most of the nations today are ruled by corrupted officers and governing bobies .
Most of the young population at that age seems to be seeking to learn more about like and its principals ; but when they realise this ugly corrupt reality of today 's society they often tend to ignore it and show disinterest in it .
This not only leads to the deterioration of youths courage and moral but also prevents society from any improvemnt over the current corrupt situation .

Thirdly , sometimes it is found that in many educational systems the youth is never encouraged and exposed to the real society around him .
He/She is mostly in his own world thinking about his local problems and never developing broader outlook towards like .
this prevents society from the benefits they can achieve out of youths .

So , all in all I agree with the statement that today `` Youths '' do not give enough time to help the communities .
The major reasons for these behaviour can be identified as much complex and busy life , disinterest in the current corrupt society and lack of encouragment to do community welfare services .
What road for cars

Is it possible to predict the future ?
To some extent , of course , no is a definitive answer ; yet , if there is a way to do that , it is by looking back at the past , and infer from it the trends that are likely to continue and those that are likely to stop .
So , in order to try to give an answer to the much-discussed question concerning the future of cars , we must refer to history .

After their invention at the beginning of last century , cars have mad a long road ( pun intended ) : although considered for a while a futureless object ( as it happened for most of other inventions ) , or even a terribly dangerous monster , they became more and more common , and by the half of the 20th century ( in the western world ) had started to became a popular way of transportation .
So , should we look only to this phase of cars ' history , we would probably be lead to think that they are bound to grow in number more and more with the expansion of richness from industrialized , western countrie , to the rest of the world .

Yet , somehow surprisingy , the last decades of the 20th century have witnessed the increase in the number of circulating cars getting slower and slower in the industrialized world , and especially in the so-called third-sector based societies .
In other terms , it seems that , if the number of cars gets higher proportionally to the welfare of a people , it also reaches a certain level when it stops growing , or even starts getting smaller .
This phoenomenon accounts for the fact that apart for the micro-states , the highest ratio of cars to inhabitants can today be found not in the richest countries such as the U.S. or Canada or the U.K , but in countries that have started to develop a little later ( such as Italy , or Ireland ) , and where the inversion of the process has not still occurred .

But how can we explain such a trend ?
The answer is quite easy : when a people starts to get richer it can afford cars and so buys them ; but connected with wealthy often comes the realization of the importance of such ends as clean air or comfortable , pleasant cities , which leads more and more people to prefer public transportation ( the use of which has increased drammatically in the industrialized world over the years ) .
Also , other easier and more practical means of transportation become accessible to the masses ( let just think of low-cost air companies ) .

All this considered , the only way to decide whether cars will become more in the next twenty years is state which will be the level of wealthy and its distribution around the world at that time .
If it s in fact fair to say that the number of cars in developed countries will have decreased , it is much more difficult to consider teh case of developing countries .
In twenty years , in fact , they will hopefully have began a process that will make them richer , which will increase the number of cars worldwide ; yet , if some of them at least will have done so much faster than we can now predict , by that time they will probably also start to show the signs of the opposite trend .
The statement at hand expresses a strongly generalized opinion on a nowadays very fervent issue .
It states that young people are disinclined to get involved in their communities .
One must pay special attention to the fact that the statement only concerns a particular group in society , which is defined by age , and disregards any other group .

At first , I want to point out my personal opinion : I do completely agree with the statement at hand .
But for generalization reasons , one must explain why young people behave the way they do .

To utterly comprehend the everyday life of young people and the prodigious amount of stress and challenges a young person faces today , one must view the world through the eyes of a young person :
One might assume that academic achievement and the fulfillment of the need for social interaction are the only two major challenges youth is facing nowadays .
This is , however , slightly superficial .

The competition in times of economic hardship and rising unemployment is tough .
In order to maintain the hope of being able to compete against lots of applicants for all sorts of institutions , one must maintain excellent grades .
This is putting the current generation under severe pressure .

Moreover , there is a growing gap between the individual and his/her parents .
The relationship with one 's family is increasingly troubled , which leads to a loss of love and personal support .
Friends have to compensate for this .

The world of today is fast-moving and seldom is there a moment to settle down comfortably .
Youth has to overcome obstacles which range from suffering support by one 's family to drugs and loss of orientation .
Youth faces much .

Consequently , helping one 's community is not a thing most young people pay particular attention to , because they are overly concerned with much more `` important '' issues .
I disagree with the statement because I do n't think that enjoying life has anything to do with age .

I believe there are more issues that have to be take into consideration in order to establish whether a person at any particular age does or does not enjoy life .
Health , for instance , is crucial for happiness and therefore can be determinant for enjoying or not enjoying life .
One 's character and emotional stability are also important factors .
I 'm sure there are old people that suffer from bad health and are not able to enjoy life fully , but this could also be the case of a teenager suffering from Leuchemia and feeling miserable .
He is young but not necessarily enjoys life .
On the other hand , there must be people that being old , have the blessing of having the best health and therefore enjoy life more than troubled teenagers struggling with their banalities .

Other factors can infuence the conception of self-hapiness of a person like family , social or cultural class , opportunities , income level , etc .
All these factors impact people of all ages .

I also think that it is a matter of attitude .
While there are outer factors that influence the way we enjoy life or feel happy , it is what everyone makes out of the siuations what at the end of the day determines their conception of happiness .
The way we deal with problems and our ability to solve them , the very thought of ourselves as free living beings and the attitude we have towards our enviroment , are factors that will make the people that sorround us decide whether we are enjoying life or not .

The statement is misleading beacise it inferrs that young people can do more things than old people and can therefore enjoy life more .
In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
To a lay man this statement might sound too optimistic .
But as a visionary i completely believe in it and i whole heartedly support the statement .

I believe that twenty years down the line the infrastructural facilities would have improved so much that it would eliminate travel by car to a greater extent .
To state the facts , most of the cars plying on the road today belong to the city dwellers , people who live in a city .
In another twenty years almost all the cities of the world would boast of such an efficient system of public transport that not only it would be more convinient to travel by such modes but also it would be more economical .
Naturally people will be discouraged to use cars not only because of the high running costs ( we should not forget the rising fuel prices ) but also the maintenance cost .

Besides the development of public transport , nowadys a different concept is gaining popularity , ` Walk to Work ' .
It is mainly based on providing the employees home near their respective offices .
Now facts suggest that most of the rush hour traffic is constituted of the people commuting between their offices and home .
So if this need is eliminated then people wouldnt be forced to keep a car .

Moreover , the technological advances made in other forms of transportation especially railways and airways would completely eliminate the need of commuting between two different towns or cities by car .
Railways and airways would present the people with means of transport that is not only faster , more comfortable but also cheaper as compared to a travel by car .

Finally , judging by the way technology is making advancements we can assume that twenty years later we may have the ability of transporting a person from one place to other by personal flying objects or transporting him through a virtual domain in no time .
Now these statements might seem a little high flying right now but who knows that twenty years from now these may be the most popular means of travel .

It does not matter whether science advances so far as to transport a person from one point to other through virtual domain but science would have certainly progressed enough to discourage people from using cars by providing them with ample of other transportation facilities which would finally lead to a reduction in number of cars in use twenty years later then there are today .
I disagree with the statement .
I believe that older people enjoy life much more than younger people do .
There are several reasons why , first of all is that older people have more experience and can have a better idea of what they really want out of life .
On the other hand , young peple tend to be undicided on what they want .

Second , older people knowing what they want , tend to be more appreciate of life since they probably have encountered hardships to get to the point where they can enjoy life .
With young people is the opposite .
They do not have the experience nor have faced as many hardships ( if any ) in life to realize how difficult life can be .

Moreover , older people have worked very hard and have been patient enough to wait and enjoy life .
It is true that young people have more energy and probably are eager to enjoy life but older people have been waiting a long time and they can cherish and enjoy the the moment inmensely when it arrives .
I recognize that older people are more skeptical and less likely to take risks compared with a younger person so the way of life an older person might live is less intense and thrilled with emotion but and older people can enjoy their way of life as much as any young person .

Thirdly , let us not forget that older people were once young people .
They can look back and judge wether they are enjoying life more at an older age than at a younger age .
They probably would come to the conclusion that life is better at a older age just for the fact that they survived and reached an older age .

Finally , older adults certainly are , phisically , older than younger adults , but they can be young adults in spirit .
They can enjoy life inmensely knowing that they had a great life and that the best part is yet to come .
From my own experience , I will have to agree with the idea that older people enjoy life more than younger people do for different reasons such as money , time independance , previous life experience and even wisdom .

People usually say that money can not buy happiness , but i say that money can certanly helps a lot .
Older people usually have paying jobs that allow them to safe money through life , money that a young person can not easily obtain .
One can use money to buy tickets to music concerts , to go to expensive restaurants or even to travel all around the world .
These activities enhance the experience of life .

Time is another good reasong why old people enjoy life more than young people , because when young , someone has activities that can not be avoided .
For example , a kid can not choose to go or not to go to school , the parents do .
Time is an asset that only old people have lots of .
Older people can engage in activities such as art , traveling , cooking and studing because they do not depend of a school or work schedule to live their live by .

Old people also have more experience , a quality that i personally believe that increases the possibilities to enjoy life .
For example , if a young man travels to Paris , he will see thing in a way that may differ from the perspective of an old man .
The young man will probably see only an old city full of old bouilding and museums , but under the experiences eyes of an old man , Paris is full of art , culture and history .
The old man will enjoy more the trip beacuse his years of experience .

Finally , wisdow may not apper to be a good reason to support that older people enjoy life more than others , but i think that wisdow can help a person to take the right decisions in life , this will contribute to a more rich life experience .
I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide because I think both with and without a tour guide are different forms and each one has its difference on the time and money one have in order to spend on the trip .

Through my experience , I have learned that travel in a group led by a tour guide implies to adapt at the different situations and activities suggested ( or scheduled in advance when you book your trip ) by the travel agency and to the different interests not only personal but also of the other members of the group whom will be asking the whole travel to go to unscheduled places or to waste more time in somewhere else not mentioned by the tour guide , but you will be sure to spend your whole trip in places already planned and with a sum of money already paid .

However , travel without a tour guide is more flexible in order to choose where you want to go and for how long you want to stay .
In other words , you have the only responsibility of looking for information and taking care of your own , and of course of enjoying your journey .
Tha fact of going without a group does not mean that you are exempt of loking for your own interest .
While you are traveling , you have to realize that all you are doing , visiting , or discovering is based on what you want to do and no one else is there to tell you where are you going to go next and why .

In addition to the places to go and the interest you have , it is going to be very important to realize how much money one has , and how many time one wants or is able to spend .
Not all the people have the same possibilities in these topics and each one ( based on the rolls each one has in the daily life of oneself ) will have the exact answer to respond to this question .

Therefore , traveling with or without a tour guide is different and each one has the opportunity to decide in which form is going to be the best way to accomplish one 's interest based on the time and money to our disposal .
From my personal experience and those of people around me , I strongly disagree with the opinion that `` young people enjoy life more than older people do '' .
First of all , in order for one to really enjoy something , such as life or any kind of sport , he/she must first know what it truly is .
When people say that they really enjoy doing something the first time they are doing it , what they really mean is that they like , rather than enjoy , doing it .
When people getting older , they see the rise and down of the life , and they have a better idea about what life is and what the most important thing is in their lives .
I think such a deep understanding about the life is exactly the prerequisite for anyone to enjoy it .
After all , how can one really enjoy something when he has little or no ideaabout it ?

Secondly , when people become older , they have more things to appreciate and enjoy .
For example , family might mean much less for a young man than going to the party and hangging out with friends .
However , as people mature , they see their responsiblities they owe to people around them and those they love and cherish .
They could still go out to the party and play with friends , but they also have some truly enjoyable thing that most young people do not know to appreciate , such as family .

Certainly , there are many interesting things that can said to be franchise to young people .
For example , while many youngsters are fascianted about the extreme sports , there are a significantly lower percentage of older people who would dare to try .
Their health conditions might not allow them as well .

In conclusion , I disgree with the assertion that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I believe that the following modification would be more appropriate : `` Young peple experience life , but older people enjoy life . ''
Cars have different meaning for different individuals .
For some its a neccessity , an object insperable .
For others its a status symbol , an object that expresses their power , success and wealth .
What ever might be the perceptions , a car is surely one of the most fascinating objects created by man .

When Henry Ford invented the car , he did not fathom how important it will become in our daily life .

The demand is high and the number of cars being added on the roads is increasing at a dramatic rate .
In the developed countries as compared to the developing countries this rate is much higher .
Some countries take it positively as its an evidence of their economic prosperity .
More cars on the road implies more earning power for a common man .

However , lately the opinion has been changing as people are starting to realise the adverse effects that are being caused due to cars .
One of them being traffic jams which are very common in large cities like New York , London or New Delhi .
A lot of time gets wasted due to this reason , as drivers get stuck in them .
People have surely realised this problem and are preferring car pooling , buses or even bicycles as means of commuting .
This means that in future there is a big possiblity of reduction of the number of cars on roads as the other mediums would mean reaching the destination faster .

One other factor is noise and air pollution being caused by cars .
This is a very big problem for people who live close to a main road where the density of cars is very high .
On the other hand it is also a nuisance for the car drivers or the passengers as the pollution causes harm to their health .
Imagine , monday morning when everyone goes to work , the traffic jams and pollution start the day .
This will surely lead to a decline in the number of cars .

Another strong reason could be the rising fuel consumption which is increasing the fuel prices .
This is making people to look out for alternative mediums to travel .
This will surely lead to a decrement in the number of cars as people would prefer buying a buss pass which would prove to be lighter on their pockets as compared to purchasing fuel for their cars .
Even if an alternative cheap fuel is invented , increase in traffic jams and pollution will definitely lower the number of cars .

Finally , the number of accidents being caused by cars are inreasing day by day .
Due to this reason people are preferring trains and buses which are comparitively safer .

All the major reasons mentioned above will surely bring a drop in the number of cars , and twenty years down the line we can expect fewer cars in use than there are today .
People have different dreams and goals .
Some desire to be a journalist , while some set themselves the goal of becoming a scientist .
Different dreams and goals decide if it 's better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects or to specialize in one specific subject .
For a person who wants to be an expert in a speical field such as in bio-chemistry , it 's better to be specialize in his/her own specific subject .
However , for the general public , I deem it better to have a broad range of knowledge of many academic subjects .

Firstly , acquiring a broad knowledge of many subjects means bigger and better prospects of employment .
For example , if a person has a broad range of knowledge , he/she can apply to a variety of job positions and have the chance to choose from the job offers avaible and take the best one .
Whereas a person specializing in just one subject is confined to job opportunities in only that particular field .

Secondly , people with a broad knowledge can work more efficiently .
Lots of knowledge are inter-related .
You never know when you are going to need the knowledge in one field to help work in another field .
This is particularly true in the profession of journalists .
If a reporter only has knowledge in bio-science , what if he/she is assigned to cover a story about GDP growth ?
An all-round knowledge is needed here to ensure the reporter to accomplish his/her task .

Thirdly , people with a broad knowledge can enjoy better social relationship and win more respects .
People will enjoy talking to them because they can always provide reliable and interesting information on whatever topic is engaged .

In conclusion , having a broad knowledge tends to help a person to become more successful and respected in today 's society .
Is the enthusiasm of a person decrease proportional to time ?
It is certain that this assertion depends on the personality or situation of the considered person .
However , the people lose their hopes from life as they get old and live an ordinary and boring life .
Therefore , I agree that life is more enjoyable for the youngs rather than olds since I believe in that the enthusiasm inside a person goes far away as days passed .

First of all , it is probably true for most of the people living on the earth , the experince of a young person is less compared to an old person .
Think that , when you get a question , you will immediately want to learn the answer of this question .
On the other hand , if you heard this question before , you would not get excited to hear the answer of the question .
Thus , I claim that the life is composed of lots of questions which all of them have answers aroun the world .
In fact , experience means that you learn the answers of most of these questions .
Thus , this question lost its significance for your aspect .
Besides , a younger person will have lots of questions related to life in many different areas .
It is certain that not all of the questions will draw the attention but the attractive ones will lead to discovering the enjoyability of the life .

On a different aspect , enjoying life risks your life in most of the activities and these activities require a definite energy level .
It can not be denied that as the person gets older , the metabolism of the body decreases in a continuous manner .
Let 's consider the bungee jumping , it is very enjoyable , but not suitable for the olds since it may not be suitable for their health .
In fact , the body , itself , does not let the person do some enjoyable activities .
Thus , sometimes it may not be related to lose of enthusaism due to age of person .
It limits the activities that can be done .
Moreover , as a person leaves out doing this type of exciting things , it results in a continuous cycle that leads to an ordinary life .

To sum up , I think that enthusiasm makes life more enjoyable .
Besides , sometimes due to some limitations such as health , the people may not perform exciting activities .
Moreover , when the people learned the answers of the questions that are interesting for them , they do not take part in enjoyment of the life .
Although it may not be possible due to limitations of the life , the person should enjoy life .
I agree that successful people try new things and take risks than only doing what they already know how to do well .
Trying new things may involve risk but could be more beneficial from financial perspective , fame and recognition .

For example , if a person is currently working for a company as a salaried employee , he or she may draw a predetermined salary for a particular period which is a guaranteed earning .
But , someone trying something new may be at risk of losing the current job .
However , this person is inclined and determined to start up a small parts company .
He or she establishes a company with loans from banks , assistance form legal advisors , collaboration with other firms in the same or similar field .
By doing this , the person gets in contact with various people , agencies and customers through which he or she learns different things at different times from time to time .
Also , this person now provides employment to a small group initially which may eventually become a larger firm .
With the establishment in place , the person strives hard taking new risks on a continuous basis in the process of becoming a bigger firm through diferent expansions using his or her multiple contacts .
To rise to this stage , the person 's determination coupled with risks taken is an important factor .

Having not taken the risk , the person would be still working an 8 hour shift with a small paycheck With huge risk taken and conferring the growth of the firm , the person now contributes to the economy by providing employment for a larger group resulting in more tax dollars to the treasury .
With the personal finacial growth and contribution to the economy , the person is recognised for his or her hard work with instant fame and recognition .
Supporting the statement , US has a number of exmples to state starting from Sears to Bill Gates .
All the famous personalities have proved that they took tons of risk before they were recognised for what they are today .
There are many ways to learn and to exapand students minds today .
Whether it is teaching them facts or taking the time to make them understand the ideas and concepts .

Firstly , in the case of teaching students the facts , for the students and the teachers themselves it is quite a boring task .
There would be no interaction and communication between the teacher and their students .
Students will become less interested and may not participate in class , choose not to attend or decide to misbehave , making the teaher 's job much , much more difficult raising the pressure and stress of the teacher to make sure that the students walk out of the class room knowning the facts .

On the other hand , teaching the students to understand the idea and concepts make the students more confident and confortable in the future when they come to study the certain subject or to take an exam on the topic .
Moreover , it makes the subject more enjoyable to learn as the teacher and the studnts exchange ideas and thoughts to unravel the concepts of the topic .
In addition , it also helps the teacher to become closer to his or hers students , to get to know them , understand their way of thinking , to understand themselves where the students weak points lye , and how in the future help their students to improve in their acadamics .

Overall , in my opinion , i believe that students should have the best of both arguments , the facts and the understanding of ideas , for the following reasons ; Using the facts make sure that we have accurate information , to use whether its in an essay or in aswering questions in an exam or simply in a disscussion .
Side along with that , i believe having talks and debates on topics help the student to feel for the subject more and more and make them feel more involved .
A very good example , is in a history class , where the proffessor talks about a certain piece of history like World War Two .
You must have accurate data such as times and dates and chronological orders of events .
Aswell as disscussing the thoughts and emotions of the leaders of the war and the people of the countries that were involved in the war at the time .
Another example is in english litrature , that i personally take myself .
One of William Shakesphere 's play Macbeth , there is plenty of space to debate and discuss , such as his concience throughout the play as he kills the king .
If i could not share any of my opinions or thoughts i would feel so bored and not as emphusiastic as i am about the play now .

Finally , i go back once more , i believe that knowning the facts is much important as understanding them aswell .
It is the hardest choice on everyone 's academic path .
Someone thinks it is better to specialize as soon as possible , others think it is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I think children and teenagers should learn as much as possible on many different subjects and during university they should specialize in one specific subject .

When I think about great scientists in the past century I am surprised .
They all had a broad knoweldge in many different fields sometimes very different from each other .
For example Leonardo DaVinci was the greatest painter , philosopher and scientist of his time .
I thinks nowadays it is not possible to reach a deep knowledge in many different field because of the increasing complexity in every subject , furthermore I think it is better to gain a deep knowledge in something than to have broad and superficial knowledge of many different subjects .

Specializing in one field is very usefull for two different reasons .
The fisrt one is that specialized student likely will find job easier because our society is interested in woorkers with specialized and advenced skill .
The second reason is that if you specialize you bacame aware of the complexity of the subject .
Even if a person will work in a different field with respect to the field in which he has studied , he has learned to face difficult and complex problem and it is will turn to be extremely helpfull .
If one learns many different subjects he likely will know just the basic ideas and he will not develop his ability to fix complex problems .

Althought I thinks it is important to specialize in one subject I also belive students should be able to try many different subjects before choosing their field .
It is difficult to inderstand what you are really interested in .
Trying is the best way to make a good choice .
For this reason I think university should allowed first year student to change their major without any charge or penalties .
With progressing generations comes the progression of ideas .
It is commonly said today , that the young generation is very ignorant of what 's happening in its communities .
But i do not believe that this statement is always true .
The mindset of the young generation is highly influenced by its predecessors .
I belive that it is upto the community and the parents ( that is , the older generation ) to instill the values of helpfullness and service in their children .
I would like to illustrate the above , using my own experiences as an example .

I have lived in India all my life and service done by children is not as rooted into the culture as it is in Singapore where i know live .
Since the very beginning , even when i wa sin India , my parents always taught me to helpful not only towards my family and friends but also the environment and the community .
ven when i was in India , i was one of the few kids who went to old age homes to work with the elderly or try my hand at teaching the poor kids how to read .
And these valeus were embibed in me by my parents and hence , my parents were responsible for framing my mindset .

I belive that this culture is more prevelent in Singapore .
Walking across the street , one often comes across a young boy helping an old who 's trying to cross the road .
There are various programs in SIngapore that encourage the youth to help the less privelidged children , help the elderly or the sick in hospitals .
Some time back , i cam across an advertisement that asked for students volunteers to offer some of their time to playing with sick children in the `` National University Hospital '' of Singapore .
The icing on the cake was the long list of names of young people from all over Singaproe who were willing to do this .

Hence , i belive that the above examples , beautifully illustrate that its not always the young people who do not give time to the community .
If the virtues of service and helpfullness are instilled by the community in them , as in the case of Singapore , the young people can be extremely caring and helpful .
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things instead of doing what they already know how to do well .
In today 's changing and competitive world , people who are not willing to try new innovative things will get left behind .
I cite the example of Microsoft Corporation as a company that has thrived because they were willing to take risks .
They took a contract to develop an operating system for IBM even when they had no product in hand .
After signing the contract , they found the appropriate piece of software called DOS , and developed it sufficiently to meet all the contract requrements of IBM .
If they had not taken that risk , who knows where that company would have been today .
They contrinued to take enormous monetary and other risks to develop all their subsequent products , especially MS Word , even when other word processing products like Word Perfect were more popular at the time .
By showing a desire to change and try new methods , Microsoft has reached the pinnacle of its glory in the PC business .
My personal experience in the field of engineering has led me to similar conclusions .
Our company stayed around 60 employees and grew at a 2-3 % growth rate for the 1st 35 years of existence .
However , the advent of another CEO changed the fortunes of the company .
After about 10 years since he took over , we now have about 400 employees and have more than quadrupled our revenue .
This happened because the new CEO expanded the business into other areas deemed risky like telecommunication , water resources and control solutions .
He even opened a `` build '' component to the original `` design '' organization , which was very risky because of many unknowns .
The `` build '' component of the company proved to be the biggest revenue grosser at the company .
Hence , because of the two examples provided above , I am convinced that most successful people try new things instead of just doing things they already know .
They may not always succeed , but as the saying goes , bigger the risk , bigger the benefit .
In my opinion , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
Having broad knowledge of many acedemic subjects gives us a lot of information about various topics .
This helps us to identify the area or subject in which we are interested .
For example , an individual who has knowledge in Arts , History , Economics and Sciences will have a larger scope to select his interested area of study and pursue his higher education in that domain .
But by specializing in one specific subject , the scope of selection of other interested subjects is lost .

Also , broad knowledge of various subjects gives us a larger scope for inter-disiplinary work .
Having considerable knowledge of two inter-relating topics , can help us understand the subjects much better .
For example , having knowledge of Mathematics can help a lot in studying Physics .
Modern world demands integration of more than one technology .

Also , it would improve the job oppurtunities .
As the world moves towards development , the companies which hire individuals wants them to be flexible enough to work on more than one project at a time .
Individuals who have broad knowledge of various academic subjects are helpful in this regard .
Moreover , having knowledge of more than one subject will always be helpful in job search .
Also there are certain jobs which require the knowledge of more than one subject .
For example , for an effective design of an automobile , it would be better to hire a person who have knowledge of Mechanical Engineering and also who can simulate designs on a Computer system there by reducing the manufacturing costs by a great deal .

From the above facts , I conclude that it is better to have broad knowledge of various academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject .
We need individuals who are multi-talented to make innovations and make society a better place to live .
I agree with the statement : The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .

Firstly i agree with it because a tour guide is a one who knows exactly the in and out of the tour plan and where , when and how to go , it is this tour guide who helps us get aware of all the minute nuiances which are part of the tour and not be missed out , the important point being he is a professional trained in that arena than a person who is venturing out himself .

Secondly i have a reason to support it as when i visited golconda fort which is in India , i ventured on my own into the fort without having a clue of how to and where to start off couldnt get to know many of the fort corners where to get out and the history and culture of the place , i was even conned by few people there .
next time i went with a tour guide and it was fabulous i knew the dynasity the culture and living of people and every detail of the emperor , how they lived and the way they ruled the kingdom , minute to minute detail was covered , which made the trip very fulfilling and informative .

thirdly a group could be managed effectively by a tour guide as one person would want to go to right other to left few of them wanna sit and relax , a tour guide would comprehend all the requirements of the group and could suggest effectively what needs to be done and he is the one who could be reliable for every piece of information .

lastly we travel with an ulterior motive to know the place and to enjoy in a group within the time frame .
so if we try to venture on our own we could consume a lot of time and the possibility that the information about the place you gain would be much more less compared to the the group who move around with a guide .
Although understanding the concept and organize the process of the study is always necessary for the student , still the learning of the actual facts and examples is even more valuable .
The reason can be divided in two main points ; studying has to be more practical and useful for the student , and they have to get the ability to develop the idea for the real study .

Understanding only the concept is not practical .
Student have to be able to reflect that concept in the actual example .
When we study the Sonata-form in the music theory class , the first idea we get is the form of exposition , development , and recaputuation sections .
Then we get more detail , which is the key-relationship and even more structual matters such as introduction and coda .
However , to really understand this formal structure , we have to look at the actual Sonata-form music .
Where the exposition starts and ends , how the development is ...
etc .
Music is maybe longer than you think , or more complicated than you think .
To deal with that , not only just memorizing the form , but also we have to handle how to discover them in the actual music and how you would musically response when you actually play that music .
Then , we can be confident to say `` I know what the sonata-form is . ''

Consequencely , the actual studying always require how to develop the idea by our own way .
We cannot do it without the acknowledge of actual facts .
Studying the concept of Schubert 's songs in the music history class is quite interesting but they are usually introduced really brief - students do not even know the German language , which the texts are usually in .
It is good to get the idea how Schubert linked the text and music , but to play it , we have to develop the idea even more .
Finding where the text and music matches , and then , you need to think `` Why Schubert did this ?
To get the answer , maybe we can look at another example or other music too .
What did he tried to imply here ? ''
When you get the answer for that , you can really say that we could develop the idea with the facts .

Neverthless the understanding of concept and idea is very necessary to organize the studying process , still the details - facts and examples - has much more important role in order to get the real knowledge .
Nowadays young generations are involved in a lot of activities , which absorb all their energy .
These activities can range from something related to their studies , to something completely different as sports .
All of them , however , are really demanding , and , therefore , they have to choose what to do .
Besides that , nowadays all young people like me are more interested in themselves , and in what they have to do in order to increase the number of skills they have , rather than in what other people are doing .
This is also related to our society which is becoming more and more individualistic .
All these things lead the young generations not to take care of the needs of other people , and , therefore , not to help them .

This is what I experienced few days ago .
I was walking with some friends of mine in one of the main streets in the city center of Frankfurt , and , all of a sudden , a poor joung guy came to us asking for money .
He stated he was very poor as his father lost his job , and , therefore , his family did not even have the money to buy some food .
I felt very sad and I tried to give him some money .
I am not rich , but when it comes to help someone , who is less lucky than me , I usually try to do it .
On the contrary , the other young people who were with me did not even look at him and just passed by .
They did not even took care .
It was unbeliavable .
They told me that , as they are working hard every day and have to face a lot of problems at work , they do not see the point in helping someone who is not trying , as they do , to work hard and improve their life .
This is only a small example , but I personally believe that nowadays we have no time and aver all we are not anymore , as in the past , willing to help one another .
This can also be seen in the decreasing number of young people who do not anymore take part in social activities within their community .
One of the factor that the successful people have is their eagerness to challenge and try new things in order to advance themselves .
Even though it might seem safe to stay where one is , and stay inside of the box of self-satisfaction , I believe challenging is the key to make oneself better and more valuable .
From adage , my own , and sombody else 's experiences , my belief towards challenging can be supported .

One said , `` The greatest sin that the young can commit is to become ordinary . ''
To be the same with the others will not make one more successful .
The eagerness and enthusiasm to become unique and different from others are what can inspire one to be more valuable .
This adage has been my motto since I decided to come to United States to pursue my dream , and it was what motivated me to pursue career of filmmaking instead of being lawyer or doctor which are the career favored by most fellows around me .

Challenge in the field of filmmaking took very significant role and led me to make movie with higher quality .
One day , I was trasferring the movie I filmed to my computer .
Then I realized that the quality of my movies were very low compared to the movies in theater or in TV .
Then I realize that the cable and the receiving system in my computer were too antiquated .
I fell into dillema .
I had to pay much money to renew the system , and had to take a risk that it might not work with my camera .
However , I bought a cable , and rebuild the receiving station of the computer , and it turned out very successful ; the quality of the film was amazingly ameliorated and I was very satisfied .
From the experience of my own , I learned that I always had to challenge or I will be antiquated .

In business , being creative , and different is the key to be successful .
One of the renown entrepreneur , Howard Hughes was very challenging person .
He , who made a lot of money from oil business , turned his interest to movie business , and made movie `` Hell 's Angels '' , which was considered gigantic in scale of budget or size .
His entusiasm was never stopped and was continued to airplane , and he became one of the most successful person in business .

Even though , taking risk and challenging might look very dangerousm and reckless , trying new thing and enhancing oneself to better value was what makes people , such as Howard Hughes or me , to be passionate and eventually successful .
Therefore , I believe that trying new things and never staying satisfied are what could make people more valuable and more successful .
In my opinion it is more important to understand ideas and concepts .
Students must deal with this mental buildings , as i would call them , all the time .
They have to be flexible and have to know how to use them .
If a student , or later as an employee , is short on facts he or she could always look them up .
Of course a base of facts is needed to understand ideas and concepts aswell as it is important to be flexible .
If you do not know anything about your task you can not be flexible without a certain knowledge .
But this should be just the basis on which one has to act .
Students have to know and understand the ideas and concepts with which they are working .
For example in history you have to know what happend when but if you know what happend why and you do not know the date you can put the dates in a propper order because you know the idea behind it .
You do not have to know the propper date of the Boston Tea Party but if you know who did what and why it had been done you know that it was one of the crucial points to American Independence .
Or if you can understand the differences between to ideas you can make up your own opinion on them .
Learning by just learning facts gives you big knowledge but no own opinion or own way of dealing with ideas or developing ideas or concepts .
If one just knows the key facts one could still deal with the idea .
You just have to know a little about the crucial points as for example Marx and Engles picture of human being to know the problems of communism .
The facts of the way the communism devloped and the ideas differed are helpful later on but not necessarly .

To sum up facts and ideas have got their place but the empasis should lie on the ideas .
I agree that successful people try to do new things and take risks rather than doing only one thing that they know well .

First of all , I think that learning is a life-long job .
Every person who wants to succed has to learn new things very hard .
I believe that having an open mind , trying to be adventurous and taking risks are the key to success .
If I am afraid of change and do n't want to give it a try on new things , I will not be able to develop myself .
For instance , say that I am afraid of water , so I avoid learning how to swim .
I never try to learn so I do n't know how to swim .
But one day , I was on a boat or a ship and the boat was on fire .
Or , I fell from the boat and I 'm in the middle of the sea , not being able to move .
What will happen then ?
I am a foreigner , good at my native language .
But since I am good at what I already know and do n't learn foreign language such as English , I will not be able to study in the states nor communicate with people from abroad .
I will be stuck in a little world .

Second , I think that people who resist to make changes become lazy and outdated .
They do not develop nor improve themselves and just sit idle only doing what they know how to do well .
I have seen many pople around me who become outdated and fall behind other people .
For example , many korean people who came to the states do not know how to speak English .
I was very shocked when I met some Koreans , who lived in the US for more than 10 years , not being able to speak English well .
The reason that they could n't speak was because they were comfortable with their life .
They did n't want to try new things or learn a new language .
Nor do they wanted to take risks to adapt in the American society .
They were just doing what was easy for them .
They only hang out with Koreans and watch Korean TV shows , and do not know what is going around in the US .
No self improvement nor development .

All in all , people who sit idle and just do what they already know well will not be able to succeed .
Only the ones who try new things and learn consistently will flourish and succeed .

If a person only does what he wants and does n't learn anything else but what he knows , the outdated person will not be able to succeed .
Traveling is a major booming industry in modern society .
A myriad number of People travel abroad even though they have to spend a lot of money .
There is a ongoing debate whether people need tour guides when people travel exotic places .
A substancial number of people prefer traveling with tour guides to traveling by themselves .
However contrary to this opinion , I strongly believe that traveling with out a tour guide is better because of more exciting experiences and saving budgets .

First of all , people who visit new places will experience more amazing experience .
People will venture enexpected situations that they have never suspected .
The rationale benind this is that if people follow the tour guide who know all the schedules and places , people wil lose their interests and curiosities .
By exploring new places without any experienced knowledge people will feel the freedoms and excitements .
When I when to Sydney without a tour guide , I could understand that city by exploring myself step-by-step .
Therefore visiting without a tour guide is enjoyable .

On top of that , People who do not travel in a group led by a tour guide save a lot of money .
Tour guide job is high-paying job .
So tourists should be responsible for hiring them .
One of my friend went to Japan for two times , she said that she could save more than 1000 dollars when she went to Japan independently even though she stayed longer .
In this sense , traveling without a tour guide is more recommendable for the people who try to save money .

In conclusion , the best way to travel is not in a group led by a tour guide .
People can experience more staggering experience and can save funds .
Traveling is really appeling but needs much money .
All in all , people can obtain beneficial profits by traveling themselves .
without a tour guide 's help .
`` You only live once , so live life to the fullest '' is a well known saying , echoed across cultures and countries all over the world .
People are probably tired of hearing it .
It basically means that everyone can enjoy life no matter how old or young they are .
And they should .
Because lost time wo n't be found again .

If someone were to say to me that young people enjoy life more than older people , I 'd have to completely disagree .
There are definitely big advantages being an older person .
For one , you 'd probably have your own money to spend and I 'm pretty sure there 's no better feeling than earning your own bread and butter and then going about spending it .
For example , there 's a strapping young 15 year old lad who likes nothing but to spend his day at the arcade and throw away all his allowance playing a pinball machine .
Allowance .
That 's all .
Now let 's take the example of a millionaire who has n't managed to let go of his childish ways .
He just bought an arcade ( and an amusement park ) and had a few pinball machines moved to his sprawling 12 bedroom , 14 bathroom mansion .
Seems like these oldies have all the fun .
Let 's take into account that in most countries you have be over 21 years of age to go bungee jumping .
Not that bungee jumping is something that every young person wants to do but even if he wanted to do it he probably would n't be able to .

Enter electronic media and technology .
Ever so often we 're subjected to watching millionaires and billionaires on television .
They always seem so happy .
Sure they ca n't really ride a skateboard or a bike but they 've managed to replace that with a more than adequate automatic scooter that they just have to stand on .
I can imagine them zipping around on their little scooter , looking at kids on skateboards and thinking that they 're having way more fun .
In fact to some extent , I even think that older people are `` allowed '' to have more fun .
Yes , it 's unfair .
But such is life .
It goes without saying that with age comes responsibility and I think a complete person is one who accepts his age and his responsibilities towards himself and the society he lives in .
But that does n't mean the fun comes to an end .
It almost never does .
Bad health , beer bellies and balding are a few deterrents from that life of fun , fun , fun .
But then again , you only live once and older people know that better than anyone .
They 're trying to get as much in while they can .

I ca n't wait for my days as an old man kicking back in a comfortable chair and watching soccer on the television .
The fun never stops .
Hey , look who just bought a yacht .
It 's the travel time , do you prefer travel alone or with a group led by a tour guide ?
A good question , I would not hesitate to go with a group led by a tour guide .

There are too many advantages to travel with the group led by a tours guide .
First , the efficiency issue .
We are busying on studying , working or anyother things , or you even can not imagine how we can spare ten or more minutes to google all the travel information and accomadation .
Preparation of travel is a time-consuming process , and it may get you stressed out when there 's no hotel room or air ticket available on a particular day .
If it 's with a group led by a tour guide , no worries , they arrange every single detail for you in advance .
So they reduce your effort and save your energy .

Second , the safety issue .
If we travel alone , we may choose driving for sightseeing among nearby place .
As we know , people are fatigue when they travel around , in the meantime , their focus on driving is distracted by views or landscapes outside of the car window .
Car accident probability during travel time ranks the top among other accidents situation according to our national survey .
I was involved in the exactly same situation once when I drived with my boyfriend , that 's a nightmare , you may never want to experience .

Third , the travel perception issue .
It 's no doubt that tour guides are real experts for explaination of tour sites .
As we may experienced , you are more exposed to the thorough information about specific place than you travel alone .
In addition , the tour guides are more informed about regulations or price change for relative sighseeing issue , therefore we can avoid some useless rush .
That 's why the tourist industry keep booming these years in our city for these 4 consecutive years .

Nevertheless , we embrace all intrinsic advantages of traveling with group led by tour guide , we may still have some pity for its inconvenience and comfortable concern .
We are not allowed to go wherever we feel like to go since it 's hard for tour guide to organize a huge group , we follow tour guide 's preference other than our owns .
Also , sitting in a tour bus with 40 people interrupted by any of their snoring or other noise seems not as enjoyable as driving my own car with my friends .

Even so , I still would jump up to choose travel with a group led by a tour guide if I were given a chance to select comparing with travel alone , and it 's obvious advantages outweigh its shortcomings , Travel with the group led by a tour guide can also foster our networking opportunity during the trip and may learn across culture .
What a good chance to know people beyond the above attractive conditions !
I firmly believe that , in the twenty-first century , specializing in a specific subject is much more important than having broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
This is for the reason that with developing technology and the accumulated knowledge of humankind through centuries , having broad knowledge on any subject is not sufficient to make researches , experiments or , consequently , any developments .

It is known that Aristo worked on various branches of science from psychology to biology and physics .
However , when the circumstances of the Ancient Greek civilization is compared to those of 20th century it will be quite clear why Einstein did not follow the footsteps of Aristo and merely , specialized in Physics .

In Aristo 's era , humanity had not developed at all and was living its early stages .
In this context , Aristo had the opportunity to bringforth the most basic concepts which were valuable then , but are a part of our daily life , now .
Considering the technological conditions and the level of the knowledge of humanity , Einstein conceived that in order to step up he should focus on a single subject .
Because being a member of the 20-century-old humanity he should learn a subject by heart , not only the main topics related to it but also the very details .
That is , learning physics is a stepping stone to learn modern or quantum physics .

The general behaviour of the disciplines of science is supporting this idea .
As the researchers continue and the developments are achieved new disciplines are born from an existing branch of science .
Physics was just physics at all , but as it is understood that there is something more to it , Electronics , Mechanics , Metallurgy etc. began to be considered as different branches .

To sum up , I should say that I agree with the idea of knowing single subject but being the expert of that field , is far more better than having broad knowledge of many subjects which is identical to being able to talk of many subjects at first but is not able to keep pace with the real experts of that particular subject .
It should not be disregarded that every effective person in today 's world , whether a politician , an academic person , soldier or a sportsman is specialized in single subject and that is why the people around the world know them .
Personally I strongly disagree with the idea that successful people try new things or are risky people .
Mistakenly since the beginning of the century , it has been believed that the reasons for success of some people who had started large companies were that they had introduced new concepts doing something different , and had taken risks .
On the other hand , I believe that the reason for success are hard work , motivation and imagination .

First I think that hard work usually fosters success .
For example athlets are clear examples .
The more and the harder they train , the better results they get .
It is clear that athlets that get first positions in swimming races are not just risk people .
Furthermore in academics or labor enviroument , the continuous effort is a valued factor .
For instance Novel prizes are awared for work along several years and not just for one isolated paper or idea .

In the second place , imagination ( and not just trying something new ) is crucial for success ( which is reaching a goal ) .
Some people who we consider successful such as Thomas Edison , or Albet Einstain , were people with a huge imagination , and therefore they were able to introduce innovations or new theories .

Finally , motivation is the main factor for success .
Even if a person has the skill , the discipline and imagination , if s/he is not motivated nothing will show up .
Motivation is the willingness or the reaons for reaching a goal .
For example several history acadamics explain that successfull people as athlets , business men , or scientist usually are inspired in a fact as solving a problem , illness , or to honor their parents , etc .

Consequently agreeing that success in only related to people who are just risky or just try new things , will only capture a narrow view of sources success .
Success depend on deeper and wider things that the two thing named in the prompt .
I think that it is correct to say that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Young people are more energitic and dynamic than the old people .
Young people enjoy in different ways by engaging in different activities .
For example they enjoy by playing basket ball , soccer , rugby and so on but the old people who are not that much energitic cannot get engaged in the sports as much as the young .

Also the young people have no resposibilities as they are mostly dependant on their parents for the money so they enjoy as they wish .
The older people will be mostly retired from the work and they need to save the for their future purposes .
Example for health care needs , food , shelter and so on .

The old people are more prone to diseases than the younger people as they tend to have lesser immunity than the young .
So they will be spending more time in the hospital than outside .
For example you take a old man who is suffering from pains of the joint due to osteoarthritis he will not get cured during his life span but it can be suppressed by using medicines .
The diseases like carcinoma , gout , arthritis occur more comonly in older people as their immune system has degraded with age .

The old people also may have their wives or husbands who is not a working partner may increase the rensponsibility of the other person .
The old people also have lot of thoughts in their brain might be family problems or the bussiness tensions but such things are not there for young .
They can enjoy to the maximum as no opposing forces like money might not be a real problem .

I conclude by saying that old people are the people who have many responsibilities and mutilated by so many factors but on the other hand young people donot have so many tensions and problems .
So there is more chance for the young people to enjoy than the older ones .
I do not agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do because of several reasons .
In general , it is because that young people nowadays have so more much responsibilities than they did in the past .
First , they are expected to achieve academic success .
This means that middle school and high schoolers have tremendously pressure in school because they are expected to get straight As and do all the community works in hope to get into their ideal colleges .
Second , young people have tremendous peer pressure in school .
This is true particularly as many of them strive to fit in by wearing the right clothes and using the right terms .
Thirdly , after finishing their education , which is generally expected to be a minimum of a bachelor 's degree from a considerably respectable university or college , they are expected to find a job with decent amount of salaries .
Ideally , because of the way Hollywood protraits the so-called `` American dream , '' they should be able to buy a big house , own a couple of nice cars , and start a family .
Thirdly , after getting their first jobs , they have to work day in and day out and at the same time deal with pressures of uncertainties in their future , including the possibilities that they might never be successful in their careers or could even lose their jobs .

On the other hand , older people that retired from their works are much more at ease with their lives .
First , they have a peace of mind because they have already done most of the challenging tasks in life , including school and work .
Second , their daily schedules are much simpler are less task-oriented .
Rather constantly worrying about getting done with the next thing to study for or attend to , they can just enjoy life and be without the pressure to keep up with a schedule .
As going to museums , listening to concerts , taking a walk on the street , day dreaming , or reading simply for enjoyment are part of their daily activities , they can simply enjoy life for the beauty of its simplicity .
Since the younger people have more energy , some may argue that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Personally , I disagree with the statement .
I belive that the older people have better understanding of life and therefore are capable to enjoy their life more .

First , as people get older they experience different situations and learn various things .
Older people tend to know more about how life works and be capable of accepting things as they are .
Younger people , on the other hand , tend to complain about their lives more .
They are always dissatisfied with their lives and things happening around them .
They spend more time on questioning and complaining about things than on accepting things and moving on .

Older people , having experienced in different situation , can look at things more objectively and move on faster .
Second , younger people spend more time on different things such as studying and working than the older people .
Young people are often too busy trying to achieve what they want to take a closer look at their life and understand what they really need for their lives .

In the novel , Tuesdays with Morrie by Mitch Albom , for expample , Morrie , the old professor who was dying , tells the reader how young people tend to waste their time trying to earn more money when what they really need is each other .
As people get older , they learn the valuable things in their lives and tend to enjoy theri life more than the younger ones who are often stressed out about their jobs or status .

Finally , one may argue that young people often are capable of spending their time and engergy on doing something wild and therefore can enjoy their life more .
Who says doing something wild is the only way to enjoy one 's life ?
Sitting around at home and having a relaxing converstion with some friends could be more enjoyable than trying to jump off a bridge with a rope attached to oneself .
Everytime you watch a science-fiction movie which is supposed to take place in the 21st century , you ca n't help but notice that all the cars seems to have been replaced by super space-ships , teleportation devices and similar revolutionary things .
But this is the 21st century , and apparently cars are still holding on , even though we sometimes find their presence questionable seeing the global oil crisis and the environmental problems .
Are cars going to become less and less used until they disappear ?
I rather think that the car as we know it is about to go through a major change , which does n't obviously means its end : it just needs to adapt to the world 's new conditions .

First of all , it seems rather clear that in a few years , 50 or so , there wo n't be any oil left for us to extract .
What will we do when our ressources are out ?
It 's going to be a huge problem for cars , because they ca n't work without oil .
Will we have to abandon them for another means of transport , one based on a different carburant ?
Well , maybe we just need to find a way to make cars work with something else .
Actually , the process has already started : more and more cars are built as to work with oil combined with a natural product .
In the future , it may be possible that oil wo n't be needed at all , and therefore we will be able to keep on using as many cars as nowadays .

Still , another problem remains : what about the environment ?
While people buy more and more cars , it has become obvious that the quality of the air in big cities like Bombay or Paris has been increasingly dreadful .
The solution seems to be to forbid the use of car in those cities , and to use instead other means such as the subway .
But wo n't the problem be solved if we find a new carburant for cars , one that does n't pollute the atmosphere ?
Once again , this possibility is already studied by many scientists in the world , and it might come true one day .

As a conclusion , I would then say that there really is a need to change the way cars work if we want to keep using them .
It 's their quality , not their quantity , which has to be modified : they will still exist in 20 years , but maybe under a different form .
Everybody will admit that a birthday celebration with young people is generally more cheerful , colorful and full of fun than a birthday with older people .
Same goes for a sports event , a concert and into many social activities .
Therefore , it could be said that young people enjoy life more than older people do because they have more means for that .
These three means are eagerness , health conditions and new opportunities provided by technology .

First , young people are eager to live .
They are hungry for life .
They could travel all over the world , try new sports and meet new people .
They have not consumed the joys of life .
They are not prudent and ready to take risks which hopefully increases enjoyment .
However , older people are generally static both in mind and pysically .
They have rules set for their life .
There are nothing much left for them to discover .
Discovery itself is a big enjoy and young people could easily discover .

Second , young people 's health conditions provide them that joy .
When they got home from school or work , they do not feel any aches like the elderly do .
Even they drink a lot on the previous night , they find the stamina to get up and continue their life , whereas older people suffer from countless sickness even in their normal days .
Poor health conditions , which most of the older people have , is a great barrier to enjoy life .

Thirdly , for every new young generation , there are more opportunities to enjoy life than the older generations since there have been a lot improvements in communication technology and transport .
Fourty years ago it was almost impossible for an American girl to meet with an Indonesian boy .
With the improvements in computer technology , a lot people have a lot of friends in different continents whom they shared their feelings , expectations and so on .
Therefore , their taste for life increases .
They could also easily to travel in order to meet these people face to face .
There are much more planes travelling all around the world .
No one could argue that finding and getting together with the people you understand each other is

In conclusion , even though there are exceptional older people who could enjoy life , I agree with the idea that young people have more opportunities to enjoy and they certainly do .
The concept is the base of life .
Indeed , our world and our way of thinking are built on ideas or concepts .
We often associate school as a place where pupils have to learn facts by heart .
But where should we place the limit between a wisdom acquierd by learning the facts and a knowledge based on concepts ?

A History class would be the best example to answer this question .
Indeed , while pupils are studying a certain period of history , the most important for them is to understand the way of thinking of the people living at that time , their ideas , the circumpstances , what happened before , the consequences i.e. , the whole context .
However , I think that it is also very important for them to be able to structure every thing .
Therefore students should have to learn precise dates and events in order to illustrate by concreat examples their ideas .

The concept is the first thing that we should learn , because it is what we keep in mind after a lesson .
But if this concept is not associated to a date or illustrated by a fact , the concept does not worth anything anylonger .
On top of that , how could we explain a concept without giving any example ?
It 's just impossible .
Phylosophy , which is the science of concepts is based on example and thus on facts .

This leads me to say that it is really important for a student to have a good memory and that is why children have to learn poems by heart .
As far as I am concerned , ideas and facts are deeply linked .
We could even go further by saying that very often we start by learning the fact and then we understand the idea which is behind this fact .
In mathematics for example we learn the formules of the sinus and the cosinus before even knowing what they represent .

It follows then that even if ideas are more important when we take a step back , we do not understand them right away without any facts or dates .

To sum up I would say that after having learnt and understood something , the idea is more important , but while learing this particular thing , we cannot separate the idea and the fact .
Find the success

Who is successful nowadays ?
What does success mean to me ?

Who is more successful , a person who takes risks or a person who does not ?

In my opinion , if you are successful in your job , in your career , in you social life is because you have been developing some skills and situations that you already control and you know that they work .
In my personal experience , I am a general dental practitioner , or a normal dentist .
I know how to do my work in order to obtain good results .
I would never try something new or risky in order to be more brave if I do not know for sure it will end successfully .

Those who take risks to `` try '' to find success is because they have nothing to loose .

For instance , imagine I had a business and for any reason it just failed .
I would loose all my investment and I would be in bankrupcy .
I have lost eveything .
In this case if someone told me that he/she had an exeptional opportunity for me to start a business from the very beginning I would take the risk becuase I have nothing to loose .

Let 's see another example in my professional life .
A patient comes into my surgery complaining of pain in the central incisor .
I take an x-ray and has a very big infection in the root .
I have never done an apiceptomy ( open the gum and cut the root ) and I would never try to do one without the appropiate training as it can be dangerous for the patient .
I would never take this risk to be successful in this case .

In sum , I completely disagree with the statement as I believe success is something you can find in your day by day life without taking any risk .
Look for it !
The car industry has long been a central issue for most western countries ' economy , and constitutes even some of the most powerful and influent firms such as General Motors .
The case being such , the future twenty-year tendancy , apart for being of a critical importance for such firms , should be a good clue for the industry and economy evolution .

Some long term tendancies support the increase thesis .
The cars are becoming cheaper everyday ; and driving is becoming easier : thanks to technology cars are more safe et easier to drive , and the motorway web is developing and improving almost everywhere .
Cars have became unspareable nowadays , even apart from the deep countryside prejudice showing that poor lost farmer who cannot have his daughter 's medicine delivered in time without a car .
For the companies cars and trucks is the fastest and most flexible way to make employees and materials move , and being the best way to do it , it as became unspareable .

But some other tendancies leads to the opposite .
Today is the first time in 30 years that the car production is decreasing .
Moreover , in some of the major cities cars have been forbidden or submitted to a tax in the city center , such as in London .
In most of the major western cities , such as Paris , cars have become much more slower than public transportation .
And the increasing of public transportation is another heavy tendancy .
Of course the dramatically increasing oil price would probably enhance these tendancies .
However , and concidering these antagonists points , cars would certainly not disapear , but probably decrease in number .

These considerations were mainly theoric and concerning western countries .
From a more technical point of view of just basically counting the cars and giving interpretation , there are two facts : In western countries we have reached a peak and then should be decreasing from now ; in China and in India the car number will simply explode before twenty years .
And two billion people buying a car have more effect that 300 million americans not buying a third car .

Even if several complex tendancies will compete in western countries , and probably end up as a decrease , these evolutions will be nothing compared to the thirld world cars ' consumption which is very likely to explode in the next few years .
A day will come when there will be no automobiles because of the pollution they cause and the depletion of the fuel resources .
I totally agree with the topic that in 20 years there will be no cars unless some major action is taken by the government to reduce the polution that is caused by the cars .

Man invented car thinking that he would help the fellow beings in using easy means of the transport but , he never thought about the consequences that the planet earth might face due to excess usage of cars .

Initially , cars were actually used by the rich because it was costly .
But nowadays cars are available at affordable prices and are available in a wide range so this has resulted in excess usage of cars .

Firstly , The problems caused by the usage of cars and thier effects are humangus .
The car drinks fuel to run so there is a need for excavation of fuel resources in the earth which has resulted in soil erosion , land sliding and depletion of the natural resources .
so unless a method to conserve these resouces are adopted the cars may not be able to get the fuel to run in the future .

Secondly , Another major problem caused by cars are the pollution they create when their engine uses fuel for combustion and gives out highly dangerous exhaust gas which results in ozone layer depletion .
As a result of this we are facing the problem of global warming .

The solution to this is now being majorly thought about .
New Hybrid cars are being designed so that they make use of less fuel .
Cars driven by electricity and Fuel cells ( Water ) are in a devoloping stage so that they reduce the pollution caused by their engines .

Only if these problems of using cars are awnsered with good solutions , the next generation can enjoy the thrill of traveling in a car .
I would like to take my children 20 years down the line in a car which is100 percent pollution free .
Hope this happens !
its always good to have broad knowledge of many subjects as this is going to help the individual to deal with a variety of situations .
one can always increase his or her knowledge by going through a variety of topics , so that he/she should not be naive to a particular topic .
one can always improve on the basis of knowledge by going through the topic in a detailed way .
as it does n't hurt to try things in many fields of life .
its always good to know about various aspects of life similarly its always good to have knowledge about various academic fields thats why we have all the subjects when we are in junior classes but as we grow the subjects However , i strongly believe that one should specialize in one particular subject .
but its also better to have an indepth knowledge of a particular subject , one can be a master of a particular topic as that is going to help oneself professionally .
success depends on indepth knowledge and skills and with knowledge one can be master of one 's own destiny .
its always important to apply knowledge in one particular direction .
the second step to specialization is updation .
one should always keep a track on the current events on his/her field of interest .

say forexample a Pharmacist should know about all the medicines that he/she is dispensing .
It is an additional advantage for him to have knowledge about the disease but he should not afford to not to have in depth knowledge about medicine as itsgoing to cost a patient his / her life .
And its his/her responsibility to guide a patient about all the medicine .

Aquiring knowledge about new fields is always good but not at the cost of one 's own field of specialization .
But its always discouraged to be `` Jack of all and master of none ''
Global warming , cold , the ozone layer becoming thinner ...
etc .
What do you think is causing these problems ?
Yes .
It 's mostly because of cars .
We all know that cars are polluting environment and causes many diseases .
And yet , we 're still using cars very often .
Why ?
It 's because it 's fast and comfortable when it takes us to our destination .

I disagree that there will be fewer cars 20 years later .
In my opinion , even the time goes to 2026 , the cars will still be our number one trasportion .
There are some reasons why I think this way .

First , cars are very fast .
It 's much fast than running and walking and biking .
Even though there are buses and trains , it 's crowdy and also too big and slow for us to use for our daily lives .
But cars are different .
It 's fast and comfortable .
It can took us to the destination in short period of time .
Unless we can invent transportation which is as fast and comfortalble as car , I think we will still use car in 2026 .

Second , cars are private for one or one 's family .
You ca n't really talk private things in the bus and train because it can annoy people around you .
Also , you ca n't really talk privately since there are many people listening .
However , in car , you can talk freely since there are only your mate or your family in the space .
Not to mention that you can use car anytime you want .

Third , cars have unique design .
Some rich people even collect many cars .
Unlike other transportation , you can decorate your car in what fassion or color you like because it 's quite small and cheaper than the other transportation .
Nowadays , as technology developed , you can also do many things in car .
For example , you can listen to music , watch TV , cook some food , etc .
I think even the time flows 20 years , we will still ca n't find transportation like cars , which has unique design and many uses .

I think cars are great transportation to humans even though time flows to 2026 .
But , polluting the environment got to be stopped .
Many scientists are developing new ways to find resourses , such as solar energy , wind energy , tide energy and so on .
I hope to see a wonderful car without polluting air in 2026 .
It is always discussed whether young people enjoy life more than older people .
Old people may have the experience but young people have all the fun .
It is clear that young people enjoy life more than older people do .

Firstly , young people are more open-minded as opposed to older people .
older people have always that prejudice about a new topic .
On the other hand young people are always eager to try and experience new things which are very likely to be amusing .
But old people generally do not want to try new things , instead they prefer to sit at home and watch tv .

Moreover young people have the ability to perform hard physical tasks but on the contrary old people are not able to skydive for example .
A young person can easily do it but an old person cannot .
There are various examples like : diving , horseriding , mountclimbing etc .

As the time passes the society changes , the traditions change .
Young people are more familiar with the trends than old people are .
For example my grandfather does not know what an ipod is .
That would make them behind of the social phenomenas .
They cannot keep track of the changes that young people can easily adapt to .
Technology advances , we all know how to use computer and chat but my grandmother does not know what chatting is .
Young people are more familiar with the technology and they use it for fun on the other hand old people ca n't .

Young people may experience new things .
That is what is great about being young , you do not make mistakes , you experience .

Young people do not have restrictions such as kids , they do not work as the older people do .
So they can go where ever they want and whenever they want .
They can travel more freely than older people do .
They do not have the responsibility of the kids and they have much more time for themselves .
They do not have to go to work everyday instead they may go see a football game in a different city .
They do not have to make money , their parents send them money .
As the time passes people get lonelier but young people have all their friends to be with or to talk to .

To sum up older people may have the experience that young people do n't have but it is clearly obvious that young people enjoy life more than old people do .
All living creatures get old , but they should live and enjoy their life while they are still young .
Iam in complete agreement with this statement .
Nowadays , young people are not devoting sufficient time to helping their communities .
There are several reasons why I believe so and I shall put forth some of them .
I shall also try to cite some reasons why I believe such a behavior is prevalent today .

There are several examples that illustrate the declining devotion to the communities .
Earlier in India , there used to be a lot of institutions that used to help out the poor people .
A primary example is the service institute run by Mother Teresa .
But such instances are on a rapid decline these days .
In our school , we were required to complete 20 compulsory hours of community service , where we had to teach illiterate people , young or old .
To me , this presented us with an excellent opportunity of putting our knowledge to good use , doing something that would benefit our community and our country .
But a lot of students used to bunk these classes and used some unfair means to put in the attendance .
As a result , this requirement of community service was removed after we passed out , which clearly illustrates the feeling the young people have towards their communities .

It is true that a number of institutions are coming up in India that aim to help out the elder members of the society .
This might be considered to be a positive development .
But when we look closely , we notice an alarming fact .
Why are these institutes needed .
The reason is that young people do not stay around to help and support their parents .
The parents , when they get old , need some help , and since their own sons/daughters are not around to help , they seek refuge in such institutions .
This demonstrates the level of selfishness that prevails amongst the youth of our country .

To me , my community also comprises of my family members , relatives and neighbors .
People have even stopped caring for their parents these days .
Lot of students graduate and go abroad and then forget their parents .
They do n't come back , do n't enquire about their health and do n't send money that their parents may require .
Selfish attitude has become prevalent in the Indian society these days , where you do n't care for anyone else but for yourself .
The parents , who have sacrificed so much in bringing you up , are not given the respect and attention they deserve in old age .
Little can one expect the youth to go around helping the communities they belong to .

If we look closely , we might be able to find the reasons why young people are neglecting their communities these days .
The world has become extremely competetive and as a result , people need to work a lot harder than those of say 50 years back .
The competetion has become very stiff and as a result , a lot of time has to be devoted for personal things like studying for various exams , working overtime at work places , etc .
So , the increasing competetion might be one of the major factors why young people do n't devote enough time for their communities these days .

Increasing job opportunities abroad might also be a reason for this kind of behavior .
The kind of money that is offered in some jobs abroad is extremely tempting .
Young people flee from their countries , never to return .
They become intoxicated wth the new way of life and forget all their obligations towards their parents , friends , relatives and their other communitites .

Thus , in my opinion it is true that the young people of today are not devoting enough time , if any , in helping out their communities .
I do n't agree with the idea that the best way of traveling is to join a group led by a tour guide for several reasons .
First of all , no matter how many people are contributing to the group , hiring a tour guide is always a lot more pricy than traveling by yourself or with a friend or two .
Indeed , I find these tours as tourist traps because the tourists pay double or triple price when they visit museums with the ` knowlegable ' tour guides , compared to the amount they pay at the door .
For example , I went to Moscow last year and at the Kremlin Palace I noticed that the visitors are given two options , either you can hire a guide at the door for an outrageous price or you buy an audio guide for only three dolars .
Is n't it obvious which one makes more sense ?

Some people might argue that a tour guide has a lot of information about the city that is being visited , so it is essential to be led by one .
However a well-writen guide book would compensate the need for a tour guide and these guide books could easily be obtained from the bookstores or even tourist information offices .
Recently these guide books are being written by locals of the place and they contain all the valuable information that a visitor may need .
Furthermore they are being updated as new places open or anything changes in the place .

Also traveling with a group has the inevitable disadvantage of moving as a group .
Despite of the fact that each individual has there own interests and their own preferences , the group has a certain schedule for the entire trip and mostly it is required to follow this schedule .
This requirement leds people to see places that they have no interest in and in a way it turns the trip into an unpleasent event .
It is highly probable that people who have reached success in life have taken certain risks that others were not inclined to undertake .
In my opinion this statement could have a certain credibility , even if a satisfying scientific evidence seems hard to be obtained .

On the onset , the issue is to define the term `` success '' .
There could not be clear agreement on its significance .
If for many success means the holding of personal properties or of large quanitity of material goods ( money and the like ) , for others could be exactly the opposite .
Success for them is simply the reaching of a happy life , being satisfied within the family and the close community .

It is true , however , that we could agree in general terms on its perception .
A successful person is the one who has reached a certain social prestige , who maybe has a certain public visibility or has influenced in some way the lives of other members of the community or the society .

In my opinion , it could be true for certain persons to socially succeed ( attaining a social visibility ) and become known by others .
This is so because curiousity as well as capability of taking risks are part of humanity .
Intellect makes human curious and willing to explore new territories .
The natural qualities of humans make them to aspire to reach new goals thorugh specific projects .

For sure we have examples of successful people in many fields , like the humanities the finacial and industries and similar .

We can think about Plato or Aristoteles or Enstein or great leaders , like Julius Cesar or poets like Dante .
They did something that distinguished them from the others .
They tried new things .
Einstein explored what was unthinkable before him .
Dante left us one of the most complex and inspired poem .

For many of them , however , it seems that the driving force is not the search of a personal reward for its sake , but the search of an interst in life coupled by curiosity and service to the society .
In breif , if we know today that they gained success , it would be very interesting to explore what were ( and still are in successful people today ) the motivations at the base of their projects and risks .
The question of whether young people or older people enjoy life more than the others do requires important consideration .
To my mind there are two mains reasons explaining why this question is difficult to answer .
First what does ` enjoying life ' means ?
Secondly , do you think that enjoying life is an issue of age ?
All these questions considered , personally I tend to think that young people enjoy life and benefit from life pleasure more than older people do .

Firstly , it advisable to explain my way of thinking about ` enjoying life ' : during the seventies , all around the world , many young people were expressing their fancy for liberty and pleasure .
At this time young people craved for enjoying life .
That was the first time in the history that the pleasure took a very important place in everyone life .
In my opinion , enjoying life deals with enjoying every pleasure , every good moment of our life .
Enjoying life should express hope , whishes and dreams , in other world , every day of my young life , I try to think and dream of a better future , when all my dreams will be possible .
With this way of thinking , it esay to understand why when you are young , it seems to be more easy to enjoy life , much more easy than you get older .
Because adulthood deserves more seriousness , more patience , more reflection .
Older people often have children to take care , and children become their priority far before their own pleasure .
Professional word requires also seriousness and reflection , it could be difficul for older people to give up all their obligations for taking time to enjoy life .

Secondly , enjoying life could depond on the age , but not really your civil age but your mental one .
I mean , if you think as a young people , you can act as a young people .
Thus , you can give up your activities if you feel boring , with the condition you are free , you do not have personal , familial obligations .
Even if enjoying life could be affordable for everyone , it ' s much easier when you are young

Always being young is not a wishfull thinking , do not forget the better is coming .
You will agree to Live fast , anddie young
Every body knows Jetsons the cartoon where you dont find any cars people travel in jets but then that may not an hypothetical situation in the near future .
In twenty years there can be a lot of development that can even be dared to think of .
Now if you look back at the start of the century we you have the feeling that we sailed a lot .

I take the stand that there will be fewer cars in the next twenty years than now , the replacememt of the cars can take the following course .

First , as there is huge surge in number of cars in all the country 's they tend to expand there infrastructure but after reaching the saturation point you just do n't have any land left out to fulfill your residential and infrastrucute needs .
Besides , the pollution caused due to the emmision from cars needs to be cut down as we have the impending threat of ozone layer depletion .
Thus , we arrive at situation where cars are neccessary evils .

Then to nullify the pollution effect we go for cars that are hybrid , eco-friendly , electrically charged , water operated .
But we still have the infrastructure problem , so to have effective commutation in busy traffic regions people will go for bikes or bicycles we see that today in China , we also see hybrid models of cars being launched .
We also have a situation where mass commutation is becoming popular day by day and is proving to be more effective than having a own car .

Second step is when even with the hybrid cars doe n't serve your purpose they do n't help you in getting any faster to your place .
So , you naturally tend to look at the other options we have lots of air space .
There is a research going on how to effectively use ion combination for transportation this process is less harmful to the environment and is effective to have air borne vehicles .
This slowly but surely replaces the cars in the next 20 or odd years .
Where naturally first the upper class people gets hold of it then it reaches the common man later .

If i 'm not over exaggerating recently Denmark scientists have a break thtough in teletransportation of material for a few meters there might be a day we can use the fruits of this when even the air traffic is also difficult to handle but it 's certainly not in the near future as it is in budding state .

Thus , I conclude that cars will be lesser than there are today because of the above mentioned reasons .
In my opinion , young people enjoy life more than older people do for three reasons : the younger people have more energy to do something fun , they have greater choices in living their lives , and lastly they are not as serious about life as the older people are .

The youg people enjoy life more than old people do because they have more energy to do something fun than older people .
When people are young they have better body structure for producing energy therefore young people can do anything they want to do with that energy whereas old people can not because of their age and health problems .

Another reason why I think young people enjoy life more than older people do is because young people have greater choices .
While people are young , they like doing something adventurous therefore they tend to bring in as many choices as they can in to their lives .
In the other hand , most older people does n't like to do adventurous things because they usually have families under their control and they do n't want to risk their family and settled life being advantageous .

Lastly , because young people are not as serious about their lives as the old people are I think the young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Usually young people do n't worry about being so mature and serious as much as the old people do .
As a result , they are more progressive in living thier lives .
When old people often think what they should do and not in deciding something , the young people just try to do whatever they want do to .
Therefor
I agree with the statement that successful people try new things rarther than only doing what they already know how to do well .
There are two reasons , first succesfull people try and achieve new accomplishments in order to continue to be succesful .
The second reason is without taking risk you can not be succesful .

To begin with , in my opinion a successful person is some one who tries and achives new accomplishments each time .
If you continue doing the same thing , you are not successful because you are not achieveing something .
For example , you are playing a game and you reached to the 15th level , that is a success for the first time and your are successful for that instant but if you continue the game and could not go beyond 15th level then you are not successful anymore .
Because you succeded up to level 15 in order to continue your success you need to try and achieve new and harder levels .
If you could not achive to go beyond level 15 then they will talk about your ` past ' sucesses .
You need to update your successes every time you begin a new challenge .
If you are able of doing that then you are a successful person in your life .

Moreover , you need to take risk in order to be successful .
For example , Galatasaray , a Turkish football team , won a Uefa Cup for the first time and the only time in the Turkish football history .
Team 's manager Fatih Terim came to Galatasaray four years ago the Uefa cup victory .
In the beginning he take risk of playing with lots of young , talented however less known players .
All of the media critized Fatih Terim , however he did not changed his point of view on the subject .
He continued to play with those players .
Because he had a goal to reach .
He needs to make his successful not only nationaly but also internationally .
After four have past young players get the courage and ability of playing in international games and Galatasaray won the Uefa cup for the first and the only time in Turkish history .
We can clearly see from this example that success can not and will not come without taking risk .
I disagree with the statement for many reasons but I must agree with the fact that a tour guide can provide useful information about certain places that you can visit and that you may not know about .
I , being a very curious person , prefer to be left on my own to explore a certain place and learn about it by myself or at least accompanied by a friend or a family member .

By exploring a tourist atraction by yourself such as an ancient palace or castle , for example , you could wind up discovering several curious nooks or rooms not offered in a normal touring schedule .
If I 'm exploring a castle without the guidance of a tour guide , I might want to carry some sort of map or written information about the place so I can not only satiate my curiosity but also learn interesting facts in the process .

A teacher of mine once told me an experience she had when she visited some turkish palace some time ago .
She did not enjoy following the crowd of tourists around so she lagged behind of the tour group .
As they found themselves in some room , she struck up a conversation with one of the gaurds .
The gaurd liked her and told her that he could show her one of the rooms the `` regulars '' did n't have any access to .
The gaurd took my teacher through a door into one of the most gorgeous gold-laminated , ruby-studded room she had ever seen .

Tour guides can often be boring an monotonous and herd people along through different places as if they were a flock of sheep .
They will give the usual tour to the usual type tourists , one after another , after another , after another .
There is no dynamism involved in a guided tour , no interaction between the people , the guide and the location .
It 's the same routine for the tour guide : look here , take a picture there , here X person died , room after room .

By exploring a place on your own with a propper , written , guide you can learn a lot more and also enjoy some degree of independence .
If I ever visit the chateaus of France or the pagodas in Japan , I would largely prefer to be left on my own to inspect and explore every hidden room , corner and passageway .
As we know , young people are more energetic , enthusiastic , and enjoy better health , then it is true that young people enjoy life more than older people do ?
Personally speaking , I do not agree with such a contention .

First , the lives of young people are much more streassful than that of older people .
The generations of our parents or grandparents were born in the 1930s to 1950s , when the population in China was relatively small .
By contrast , most young people nowadays were born during the birth boost in 1980s , therefore , the competition for education opportunity and job positions are much more fierce for them .
They have to work day and night to support themselves financially .

Second , young people are in a specific phase of their lives when there are more troubles and frustrations than older people .
For example , young people would feel overwhelmed with anxiety or stress when first falling in love , when getting married , when expecting a baby , all of which are new to them , so that they are not sure whether they can handle .
However , the life for older people is more peaceful and smooth , without such anxieties .
What 's more , young people might probably have some financial problems , especially when they are frustrated in job hunting .
By contrast , most older people have pension and they are covered by social welfare system , such as Medcare , so that they are emaciated from such financial troubles and are living a more secured and decent life .

Third , older people are carefully protected and highly respected by the whole society , however , young people tend to be neglected in some way .
Nowadays , young people are encouraged or even forced to move out of their parents ' houses and begin an independent life by themselves .
Sometimes they are living in detachness , loneless and isolation .
By contrast , older people are respected by the whole soceity , and they are refrently visited by his children as well as social workers .
In numerous family get-togethers , it is not hard to tell how happy they are , with a pride of self-accomplishment .

In sum , although we must admit that young people are more health , energetic and enthusiastic than older people , at the same time , they are facing more stress , competition and anxiety .
What 's more , older people are carefully protected and highly respected by the whole society , but young people are negelected in some way .
Thus , I do not think young people are living a better life than older people .
Success in life is determined by the work you do and the amount of time you put toward that work .
Everyone has a dream of becoming successful one day and achieving all their goals in life .
Sucessful people do n't just become sucessful overnight , they work hard and have strategies which they follow very closely .
According to me , it is important for successful people to try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

People who have the courage and the will to become successful will take risks .
Life never works the same way all the time .
What one has learned might not be useful in the real world setting .
They might have to change themselves or modify their ideas to make themselves eligible for the real work setting .
For example , as successful chef that person must have taken all kinds of risks .
If the chef is a vegetarian chef , he/she would have taken the risk to work with non-vegetarian food .
If the chef had only been working on vegetarian dishes and never tried cooking non-vegetarian dishes he/she might not be a competitve chef .
Taking risks and trying out new things makes people look and stand out as better and more knowing candidates .

Trying new things might not always result in a success but it is worth an experience .
It is this experience that teaches people great lessons in life .
For example , the most famous Thomas Edison was asked a question when he applied for a loan to a bank one more time for his experiments which were failing .
He was asked , what is the guarantee that this time your experiment will succeed .
Mr. Edison replied that he has 228 reasons why they will not succeed .
This reply shows that successful people take risks and fail but still take risks because they know exactly what they are doing and are confident enought to justify everything .
If successful people like Mr. Edison never took risks we would n't have bene able to see these innovative inventions around us .

Success is marked by one 's efforts and hard work .
In order for those efforts and hard work to work a person must be willing to take risks to become a better and a competitve candidate in his/her field of expertise .
Also , to gain an experience and achieve more in life .
I believe that , it is never good to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
You always get the best when you specialize in one specific subject .
Specializtion in one particular subject that helps you build your career will not only bring interest during the study but will also give you the satisfaction when working through it .

First let me state that generally all the subjects are vast , and studying these vast subject in which a person is not interested may lead to improper knowledge about the subject .
As an old saying saying says `` HALF KNOWLEDGE IS ALWAYS DANGEROUS '' , it would turn dangerous .
Furthurmore no person could cover all the things in all the subjects in a given academic time .
Practically , a doctor has to go through those subjects that are totally different from what a biologist go through .
A doctor has 5 years of academic time to study and master all the things about the human body and a biologist has around 3-4 years to study about all the animals .
Now if a person thinking to have a broad knowledge and knowing all the subjects in this 5 years , is it possible for the person to master either of these ?
He would neither become a perfect doctor nor a good biologist .

In general keeping academic time aside , interest of person matters a lot .
He must be focused on what he is interested .
Most of the people they will not be interested in all the sujects , say , i never liked math and programming , i always liked biology , now will a person like me , will he be interested in learning all the other sujects effectively say math ?
He will concentrate on only those subjects that yield him benefit , its like when a person goes furthur in his career would the other subjects really help him ?
Its mere waste of time , if this time is utlilized for improving his knowledge in the field he is interested , this would help him better for his career , and in career job satisfaction is always much more important than any other thing .
Let us consider a biotechnologist , his work is discovering new vaccines , relating pathology etc. , if he would have learned law during his academics would that thing really help him in any way ?
There are other people who can do that job efficiently than this person who is not at all interested in doin that job .
So for this reason too i say that having proficiency in a particular subject is always better than wasting time in learning all the unnecessary stuff and having a broad knowledge of the academic subjects .

Finally , the implications in the passage would state clearly that , it is not important for a person to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects , but its really very good for a person to gain profieciency in one particular subject that helps him inbuilding his career and do better in his job , in all required aspects .
Its always good be a master instead of calling ourselves `` THE JACK OF ALL TRADES BUT MASTER OF NONE '' .
The issue of to be successful , whether people should try new things and take risks or do what they already know , is a controversial one .
On the one hand , by doing what one knows well , the results of the actions are predictable and the methods are probably already proven .
On the other hand , risk taking and tyring new things opens new and unexplored avenues to success which one could never have imagined .
On final analysis , I belive trying new things and taking risks is more rewarding and brings about more success than doing what one already knows .

Successful people have always looked to the new ways to success , which were not necessarily the areas that they were experts in .
These people venture into doing new things , learning a great deal in the processs , and then end up creating a new path to success .
Microsoft Corporation is one such example of one such creation .
Created by a group of people , who belived in something new , in a time when the term ` software ' was known only to a handful .
Today , that belief held by that group of people has given us a software that has changed the way our life functions .

Inventions and breakthroughs did not happen because of people who did what they did well .
It happened because of people who moved out of their comfort zone , confroned norms , broke shakles , to prove a point .
And have these people been successful ?
Most certainly so .
Right from Albert Einstein to Micheal Dell of Dell Computers .

The argument in favor of doing what one does well is that one can predict the results , be assured of a short term success and then claim to be successful .
But to achieve the next level of success , one needs to go further and foray into territories which are less trodden than others .
If we take a look around the world , we will realize that the most successful people have always been at the edge of tecnology and have accomplish their goals by taking risks and trying out new things .
It is necessary just to read any successful man 's biography to understand what this means .

We all need to learn how to do things the best way we can and I think sometimes it can be quite scary to go into an unknown field , because there is a big chance we might fail .
But failure is always a possibility and is present through our whole life and we have to learn to deal with it , because if we all stick to what we do and do n't try out new things , then the world would stop growing and developing and we would be inmerse in a place where there is no innovation .

For instance , in bussiness , the best way to be successful is to come out with some product that nobody else has , that makes you unique .
But most of the time , there is a big chance people wo n't like it .
That 's why even if you do marketing studies , there 's always a risk factor that involves making decissions based on what you believe in without knowing the results .
And in spite of how difficult it looks , it is necessary to keep going and make it happen , just to see how it turns out to be .

In conclusion , the key to success is to innovate and take risks , this is the only way we will be able to build a better world , not only getting money , but also helping society , because in my opinion , success is not only defined by how rich you are , but by how much you have done for the world we live in .
I fully agree with the statement that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than it is for them to learn facts .

Of course , facts are important .
It is essential to know certain basic facts in almost all fields of study : for instance , a literature student must know about the main epoques of literature through the centuries , a science student must know certain formulae by heart .

Yet a knowledge of facts that goes beyond these basics is not as important as having understood the underlying ideas and concepts .
Facts may be changing .
New styles of literature will develop , new engineering techniques will evolve .
Yet the main concepts underlying these new developments will not change .
They can still be applied , be it in an academic environment when writing an essay or sitting an exam or be it in the workplace when new methods or production techniques will have to be understood and assessed .
I am a lawyer and therefore know very well that no scenario resembles the other .
Every case differs from the other , at least in nuances .
Therefore , in order to be able to find a solution to a case , one must have understood the rationales behind legal doctrines .
Only then will one be able to apply a doctrine to an unnknown set of facts .

Moreover , facts can be looked up in books or are available online .
Facts can also be digested fairly easily .
They may be complex , but they are hardly ever incomprehensible .
On the contrary , concepts cannot easily be looked up in a book .
They are often hard to understand .
They will often need explanation and in-depth reading .
That is why we actually study them , often for years .
This is why attend universities .
Understanding concepts and ideas is the key to organising the myriads of facts there are .
Human knowledge has multiplied over the past decades .
Facts are readily available over the internet .
Therefore I believe that it is even more important to understand ideas and concepts nowadays than it was 50 years ago .
Otherwise we are running the risk of being inundated with facts not knowing how to handle them .

It is for these reasons that I am convinced that understanding ideas and concepts is much more important for students than to learn facts .
As far as I am concerned , I totally agree with the statement stating that having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is better than to specialize in one specific subject .
The reasons that why I think like this , are the followings : general academic knowledge within a broad range is a required item for the increasing interdependency between certain academic fields and provides the ability for the people in order to adopt the common language in the academic environment .

Firstly , nowadays , academic fields begin to be very correlated with each other .
For instance , I am an undergraduate student in a bioinformatic major and I am taking courses from computer science , biology , electronics and statistics .
Since there begins to be believe that integrative approaches may be more successfrul from pure biological , computational and statistical approaches , lots of academicians from different fields come together , share their ideas and efforts to provide a productive effort .
In my internship , I witnessed this working environment very closely in Stanford University , because we are colloborating with the Medical School as the Statistics Department .
In order to understand these common approaches , I had to gain a knowledge about both medicine and statistics .

Apart from this increasing connection between certain fields , there is a common language in the academicians .
For the people aiming to be a academician in the future , it is a must to have a general knowledge .
Since they have a lot of friends of academicians from various areas , they have to interact their colleagues in the academic environment .
They must perceive even a little about what their friends are talking in their fields .
They must express their ideas about various fields in an academic talk .
They can obtain this ability by trying to learn about different fields .

Because of the above mentioned reasons , I would prefer to have a general knowledge than specializing in a specific field .
Personally , I agree with the statement that the number of cars would probably decrease in the future , as the contemporary situation already provides hints that the trend is going towards this direction .

First of all , the recent development of the gas price , shows that driving a car becomes more and more expensive .
Even today more and more people try to avoid to use their if it is not necessary .
Moreover , already today there are people who ca n't afford having a car .
I think that it is very likely that this trend will continue in the future .
Consequently it seems sensitive , as having a car becomes more and more expensive , that even the number of cars might decrease .

Moreover , cars cause pollution .
People are already aware that it is detrimental to the environment and thus in consequence also to health if the traffic is not reduced .
Campaigns try to raise the awareness something has to change .
Thus I can imagine that measures have to be taken to reduce the traffic .
One of the simplest is to reduce the number of cars .
Governments must and will have to take action , hence it appears reasonable that they will try anything to obtain a reduction of the number of cars .
One possibility to reduce the number of cars might be to raise the taxes which would in the end also make driving expensive , so that people might no use more public transports .
However , I can also imagine that as there is a need to reduce the number of cars in order to protect the environment , the costs for public transports might be lowered thereby encouraging more and more people to avoid buying a car .
This trend can already be observed in the big cities .
Car sharing and a stronger use of public transports such as subway and buses have become common hints that the number of cars is decreasing .

However , although I believe that the number of cars will decrease in the future , it is also possible that this does not happen .
A new technology based on regenerable resources that makes cars less dangerous for the environment may keep the number of cars stable .

We will see
Success is the biggest motivation in human life .
The human kind is always trying to be successful in order to show his or her potential .
Some people think that trying new things and taking risks are the biggest failures of life .
However , the others contradicts that and if people want to be successful , they should try new things to show how successful they are .
I agree with this second idea .
These are my following reasons .

Firstly , without trying new things , it is impossible to know what the success is .
Also , you ca n't evaluate yourself whether you are successful .
Success is closely related with the different aspects of you have .
For example , my manager in my office is not as successful as he should be and he ca n't see this fact because he has been doing the same job for thirty years .
The main of idea of it is that he ca n't compare himself from the other similar people in the industry .

Secondly , according to me , success means proving yourself in various tasks or jobs and having courage to change your current job .
For example , if you stuck into one job that you assume that you are doing well , you ca n't know what your performance will be in other jobs .
You can have predictions only for your current job .
In another example , a friend of mine

Thirdly , living in this life means that you are taking many risks .
Which idea can lead someone not to try new things or take risks ?
For example , as we all know , when we step into the streets , there are many possibilities to face with difficulties like accidents or crimes .
There is no need to worry to take risks .
However , if you do n't have a courage to try new things , it means that you are not living in this life .
For example , one of my friend did n't have a courage to change his job at first although he is offered three times of his current wages .
After my intensive force , he changed his job and now he become the manager of the company because of his success .

To sum up , if people want to be successful , they should try new things because they have to learn what success is and try new jobs and they have to know how to live .
The motto said that success is only motivation in life .
The statement mentioned here is quite an interesting one and it holds considerable importance in this modern era .
At first glance majority of people will feel that the young people do n't enjoy life more than older people but if the matter is taken more seriously then people will realise that that 's not the case .

Young people have the advantage of being young .
Age is one thing that 's in their favor .
Even the older people in their younger days would have enjoyed life more then what they are enjoying now .
I feel that health is an issue to be taken into consideration .
Most of the young people maintain better health then the older people and hence they can enjoy more .
I say this because I feel that it 's not possible to worry about health issues and enjoy life at the same time .

I feel that young people enjoy more then older people because with age comes responsibility .
As compared to the older people young people do n't have much responsibility .
Young people do n't have to think of family and jobs whereas older people have to do that .

Stress is another factor that should be taken into consideration .
According to me older people are more stressed then younger people and that affects their overall outlook of life .
I feel that a person without stress tends to enjoy life more then a person under stress .

I also feel that young people have more options to enjoy .
I say this because I feel that health does n't really permit old people to take part in various activities like sports .

So looking at the points mentioned above I am confident to say that young people enjoy life more then older people and among the various points mentioned above I feel that 's health is something thatreally against the older people is their heath .
i totally disagree with the statement that `` young people enjoy life more than the older people '' . as there is a famous saying `` still young at heart '' . the above statement suggests that there is no limitation of age to enjoy life .
it 's your life and one should enjoy it 's each and every single moment he lives , because life is precious and the time which has gone by will never return .
it is certainly old fashioned to think that once you get old , you have lost the authority to enjoy .
but in this stage of life one should enjoy life to the fullest as you have spend your whole life trying to make both ends meet both personally and professionally at several circumstances .
now when your children are grown up and you no longer hold their responsibility , one can spend this important part of his/her life by living upto each and every moment that passes by .

as when a person is young and full of energy , he gets into the grind of life facing this harsh world .
once he comes out of his college and start earning money , he is ultimately engaged with the chores of the family life and faces day to day problems .
and now in todays senario , where the world follows the express lifestyle , one has no time to spend with his/her family memebers neither get time for himself so that he can enjoy the variety of things that this life has to offer .
he works day and night to earn money just to buy that extra comfort for his retirement .
so that he can spend those last days in peace and enjoy rest of the days .

the very which shows us that we work hard all our lives to improve our retirement , then how can one say that young people enjoy more than older people do .
each person does this for himsel , for a secured life later .
he adds up mone so that one can enjoy lidfe with ones partner without hassels and problems of daily life .
A well known proverb says : `` Life is all about risks '' .many people adopt this concept and build up thier life around risk and exciting things .
Other prefer to do only what they already know how to do well .
I personally think that successful people try nwe things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .

Taking risks in life allows people to make discoveries .
This help them build up their knowledge on some areas that they were not even familiar with or enhance what they know about a subjet already .

Also by taking risk , you learn on your own and you mature quicly because you can critically thinking and solve problem from your own understanding .
You also gain experiences .
For example I recall having the task to take care of my two brothers when I was just fiftheen .
My parents have to go overseas for my father to received better medical treatment following a terrible accident .
I have to think on my own and provide good care to my brother while my parents were gone .
Sometimes I did n't know exactly what to do yet I took risk and I believe It paid off .
I know better than if my mother was to give me lessons the difficulties that parents encounter in raising up children and most importantly how they feel when children do n't listen to them .
In addition , taking risks help me progress intellectually because you need to focus on the strategies to use and the outcomes expected .

However , we need to learn from the mistakes of other so that we do n't find ourselves in the same situation .
Hence sometime it 's not wise to take risk if we know we will probably harm ourselves .
Also we need to keep in mind that we are different and wo n't always succeknow our limit and how far we can go in any situation so that we avoid deception
When we are in a highly industrilized booming society , how can we imagine the future ?
Will the quantity of cars be fewer in use in twenty years than there are today ?
I think the answer is an absolutely no for all the merits of them .

Cars are one of the most practical and useful inventions through the last centruries .
As the high technology soars up , cars also has been greatly modified for the benefit of people .
We can get a scenic spot far more quickly than before with cars which have save much time for us to rest or to stay in the right spot in the duration of our travelling .
We can enjoy the beautiful scenes we meet on our way , pull aside the car whenever and wherever you want .
This is impossible when you are on a train .

Cars make us feel more friendship between our friends and us .
We can call in on our friends who live far from us whenever we want .
We do not have to schedule our visit plans and be bothered by the unappropriate timetable of buses and trains .
When a friend is in trouble , we can drive a car immediately and help him .
Reversely , our friends will do all the favor for us with a car in hand .

Another merit is driving a car make us feel more self-satisfactory .
When you charge a car which you buy it with your salary and bring your whole family , how happy and self-accomplished you feel !
This can not be denied .

Admittedly , people will say that they bring us polluted air and unhealty , what 's more , some lung and cardiovascular diseases .
The traffic jams seem never stop .
The fossil fuel makes people feel disgust .
As to these , I 'd say that it is not car 's fault .
Cars do not originally be made to harm people .
They are beneficial machines .
Technology often brings good and bad , whether it is a curse or a blessing , depends on how to control and modify it , and just the technology itself can solve the problems .
So do cars .

We have to take out more measures than before as the increasing population which will really be possible that more people will charge a car .
More roads will be estabilished whatever are under the original roads or above .
More traffic administration should be put in force .
And the foremost , the alternative material for fuels should be invented to get rid of the demerit of cars-polluting emission .
If these problems have been settle , cars will be more welcome to people .
It is more than possible , every one want to own a car in twenty years .
I cannont agree with the given statement that there would be lesser number of cars , twenty years down the line .
infact according to my insight the number of cars in use would increase considerably in the course of the naxt two decades .

The possible arguements that i put forth would give the reasons as to why i think so .
firstly , talking about the economic choices that we make nowadays indicate that we spend a huge chunk of what we earn on the mordern gadgets which obviously makes our lives more easier .
and talking about a car ..
well that has become one obvious neccesity .
members who are from the same family would prefer a personal car than one being shared among many .
even students who tarvel far prefer thaown cars .
and why not , it increases convinience .

second factor is that its much easier to buy a car now than in the past .
the varoius loans available from banks , facility of paying in installments with small interest rates saves people from investing a lumpsum amount of money all at once .
people with smaller pay scales can afford to buy cars .

this indicates that there could be an increase in the number cars than the predicted decline .
the facrors that could lead to the decline dont seem like a big hurdle to me in the near future .
talking about the hiking price of petroleum which makes one think about the burden on expenditure by owning a car .
well that is hardly a concern to worry about because it can be dealt with prioritising the list of your expenditure .
running a personal car is more important to the present generation than perhaps spending on say ..
subscribing a costly book or buying a painting or even hanging out at expensive places with friends .
the advantage that owing a vehicle offers outweighs the cost of petrol .

the next possible concern which come come into the picture is that of environmental pollution that the fuel could cause. a major concern to all the environmentalists of the world .
well to see the broader picture no government law could prohibit people from buying a car !!
its a personal choice after all and how many of us actually think about this aspect , there are many other issues that the environmentalists could deal with-like defforestations , emmisions from factories contructions , nuclear wars ..
the list could go on .

and moreover the discovery of biofuels , solar powered cars , natural gases which are less hazardous options are now a real possibility .
this could perhaps lead to the manufacture of more cars , cheaper rates that would only lead to the number of cars increasing on the streets .
the increase in number of cars could also lead to heavy traffic jams , congestion , but do we actually mind getting stuck in a traffic jam for maybe a minute more ?
with the building of broader roads , highways , flyovers , multilaned roads would offer a solution .

thus it could be concluded , that by measuring all the issues concerned with the increase in the number of cars , there seems to be a more likely possibilty of increase in their number .
Advertisements , The Truth or False Exaggerations

Nowadays advertisements make products seem perfect and without any flaws .
But do these advertiements actually show the product 's true quality and worth ?

Recently I saw an andvertisement of a soap product that said that the soap would kill millions more bacteria and germs as compared to other soap products when used .
It stated that it contains certain chemicals , which had long and very `` flashy '' names .
Howewer this was not an exact detail , as even sunlight can destroy millions of germs and bacteria .
Later out of curiosity I checked the ingredients on the wrapper , And I saw that the ingredients were actually the same in almost every soap product of the similar type .
Another example is present within a soft drink company in India .
Several official reports stated that the product contained alarmingly high levels of pesticides , while the company continued to broadcast an advertisement which said that the drink had 0 % pesticides and was perfectly safe for human consumption .

Another advertisement was once brodcasted about a stock market fund .
It stated almost nothing about the risks involved in the investment , but only a very fine print at the bottom saying `` this investment is subject to market risks , please read the offer document carefully before investing '' .
The only thing it showed was celebrities saying that they would invest in the fund as they felt it right .

This is only a few of of many examples that a lot of people experience .
The truth is that the producers or the advertising Co. only want their product to be sold , irrespective of the truth about the product

Howewer this does no mean that all advertisements lie about their products .
Certain advertisements not only state the plus points about their products , but also the negative things , such as side effects , risks etc .

To conclude it can be said that , in the end it only depends on the consumer 's judgement to choose the product wisely and not fall for the exaggerations made by advertisements .
In the following I 'd like to explain my opinion to the statement : `` It is better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific subject . ''

When you talk to people about famous personalities like e.g. about the german inventor Albert Einstein , you often get to hear that he was good in what he did , but he totally failed in other things .
For instance he did develop a great theory in math , but he had difficulties in getting a diploma because he was really bad in all the other subjects when he went to school .

This is one example for someone who did specialize in one specific subject and therefore did not have a broad knowledge of many other academic subjects .
In my opinion the statement at the top is both , half right and half wrong .

On the one hand I think that the statement is right .
For example it 's much more interesting when you know a lot of things about a lot of different subjects .
It 's easier for you to have a conversation with other people or to be accepted in society .
As you can see with most nobel-prize winners ; they all are very clever in what they do , but since they are so specialized in what they do , they most of the time do n't have a lot of friends to share their knowledge with ( because it 's way too difficult for `` normal '' people to understand what they are talking about ) or even worse do n't even have their own family .
The specific knowledge of a subject makes them outsiders , and often outsiders are outlawed until they make a new invention or win any prizes .

On the other hand I do n't agree with the statement that it 's better to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to specialize in one specific one , because without persons who specialize in one specific subject there would not be progress in the world .
We would still be living in caves and using stones to light a fire if there had n't been someone who specialized in the subject of how to light a fire without first searching for firestones , and then hoping for good luck to make the firestones work properly to finally cook a meal .
There also would not be any help for people with a dangerous disease if there had n't been clever people who specialized in medicine and found out how to heal a bad disease like cancer .
They would not have been as successful as they are if they had n't just specialized in this one specific subject .
Many peole enjoy their lives and they all have differnet ways to fulfill it .
Enjoyment that young people can get from their lives is so much bigger and astonishing .
Old people can never enjoy their life as much as young people do because of their surroundings and age .

The old think too deeply for what they do compared to young people .
I am 18 years old now and i do not think much when i do something , which makes me enjoy my life more .
Young people often do what they want without thinking about the consequences it might cause .
For the old , they always think about the result of what they do since they always have to take a responsibility in any situation .
That makes their lives even more boring that it already is .
As an example if you are a father of two young children , you have to nuture them by earning money and offering them many educational stuff .
You always have to think about your childen .
Even if you want to give up your job and find some other job that you can actually enjoy , you just cannot , for it is a big risk for you to give up your job .
Young people might have something to worry about but they can do what they want without being in a postion where they have to support someone so the change that young people can enjoy their lives is much greater than the old .

As people grow older the abilities of their body cannot but help being decreased .
In nine cases out of ten old people are weak comapred to young people .
They cannot be as active as those young people who play soccer and basketball every day .
As an example you are 60 years old man who has a son .
One day you follow your son to take a walk .
All of a sudden you son starts to run fast .
It goes without saying that you cannot follow him since you are old .
It is something that you cannot control ; as you get older your body is weakened .
Old people might have a great desire for doing new , but to do that they need to be in a good shape .
In a word , they have to be healthy which is really difficulty for most old people .
But for young people they are always active and they do not get tired easily since they are young .
They have more chances to enjoy new things that they have never tired in their life before , which makes their life more intereting and exciting .

Some of old people might feel miserable as they get older and they are likely to find out that their life seems to be boring compared to young people .
But They always have to keep something in their mind , which is everything actually depends on their attitude towards something .
They can change their life in a better or a worse way .
Young peole might enjoy their lives more than the old ; however , that does not mean the old cannot enjoy their lives .
They need to stay postive and find some ways to be more enjoyful .
I disagree with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
In out real life , although we often travel with a tour guide , it is more fun to discover the excitment covered by the mask of the place you visit all by yourself .
Some of you might say that it is more fun to travel with a tour since you are not familiar with the place you are going to , but what I think is that traveling with a tour actually does n't give you more information about the local buildings or spot you are visiting than just travel by yourself .
If a finalized , perfect travel has to be accomplished , one has to collect all the information one needs and starts the unmasking discovery adventure not just paying lots of money and have to waiting for the buses in the morning and later found out that someone has troubles with the payment and the schedule is delayed .
Traveling with a guide tour usually has no personal space during the schedule .
Going with people scrambling together cannot genrantee your individual actions might be appropriate to others .
You might want to do some break dances during the break or listen to the music loudly , but there is always someone in your group might disagree with your actions .
You might experience peacefulness while you are along , and so does traveling .
If you travel with a group , you might have to endure the noise surrounding you since there are people talking or doing their personal stuff that you probably would explode and start complaining ; on the other hand , if you travel along , the problem does not exist anymore .
Accidents has more chances to happen between people than a person along , according our history that mobs are usually the headache of the government and accidents happen more frequently within the unstable group .
So if one traveled along , he might get a happy trip after the day off , but if one traveled with a group led by a tour guide , there absolutely will be accidents such as people missing , people fighting , or someone falls into the water and break his leg .
The last benefit provided by traveling along is no time restriction .
Since it is all by your own , you are the tour guide , it is you who decided where the trip is taking place and how the trip is going to be .
Traveling along has more benefits than traveling with a group of people led by a tour guide .
Today , the tourism has increased rapidly and it has become one of the biggest business in the world .
It is because the development of the technology allowed people go abroad much easier than before both physically and economically and even the people who do not have the enough ability to go around the foreign countries become to be able to do it .
For such people , the group travel with the tour guide can be the very strong help to have the good travel , however , this kind of travel is not best way to enjoy the travevel ; people can not feel the real atmosphere of the travel which is the precious for the traveling .
As the reason why the group travel can not feel the atmosphere , two reasons can be told .
First is because of the bus thay use for transition and the other is the fact that they can not touch with the real local culture .

People traveling in a group with a tour guide often use the bus to go around and seldom walk by themselves .
If they walk , the couse is decided by the guide and they have few opportunities to explore by themselves .
It causes that they can see only the famous points of the country , and sometimes causes the fact that people even do not know where they are in the country .
To walk and to exploring the city - not only the famous points but also the usual cities views - really helps to know the atmosphere there and this is also the part of the traveling .
So , using bus and going only the famous points with the tour guide can not feel the atmosphere and it might mean that people lose the very important part of the traveling .

Also , the traveling in the group with the tour guide never offer the opportunities to contact with the local people .
If there is , this is still the opprtunity which is managed by the tour guide ; so it is fake .
The experiences of the real contact with the local people and the problem that might occure sometimes are also precious to know the atmosphere and it is also very important part of the traveling .
In the group travelling , all things are decided by the guides and any surprising events to feel the atmosphere seldom happen .

So , in these sences , the traveling in a group with a tour guide does not offer the opportunities to feel the real atmosphere of the country , therefore , is not good way to have the precious experiences of the traveling .
I cannot agree with this statement for one simple reason : in my opinion , both youth and elderness are enjoyable if you are able to see the advantages of each age .
Happiness does not depend on age , but on a cumulus of decisions that make each indivudal 's life enjoyable or hateful .

Pleasures can be found at any age , it is just a question of finding them .
Many elders enjoy life despite the physical constraints imposed by age while many young people waste their life thinking on how life is horrible eventhough they have all the opportunities to change their personal lifes and their environment .
Although it is a common place , we should never forget that as long as the heart is young , the physical age is not a relevant factor .

One of the clearest examples of how life is nice at any age is travelling : almost everybody loves it and can be done by both young and old people .
At travelling , young people tend to walk a lot , visit museums , go out in the night and sleep for short periods of time in the same day .
This rythm is unsustainable for the average elder .
However , the elder may find pleasure on more refined activities ( such as eating in expensive restaurants , sleeping in comfortable hotels or luxurious tours through important zones ) that many young people cannot afford .

This example may suggest that the less enjoyable period of life is what is known as the `` productive life '' , which tends to go from university graduation to retirement .
However , the productive life offers many rewards too : having children and professional development are probably the two most known examples .
To summarize , I want to mention that life can be enjoyed regardless of age ; happiness is probably the last decision an individual can take in this age when there is nothing to discover and everything is sold in supermarkets .
Some people hold the opinion that young perople enjoy life more than older people do .
Others have the oppsite point of view .
This statement has caused a heat debate for a long time .
However , as far as I am concerned , I do agree with the statement that young people enjoy life more than older people do , at least it 's the case in China .

Since China is still a developping country , so by comparaison with the western developed countries , like the USA or the France , the generation of my grand parents are normally not rich .
As a result , they do not travel a lot as their children do .
They prefer to save money for later use .
Consequently , most of the chinese old people , after their retirement , choose to stay at home every day instead of going out to enjoy life as their children do .

Also , there is a tradition in China that grand-parents look after their grand-children .
This situation is considered rather common in the society .
Consequently , you can find a lot of young couples go for a trip alone and leave their children to their parents .

However , let 's take a look at how the young people enjoy their life .
Firstly , the young people have more liberty as they are more energetic .
As I have mentioned above , the young people do not need to worry about their children even when they are away since it is a tradition that the grand-parents take care of the grand-children when the parents are not there .
And relatively , this young generation is richer than their parents are , so they choose to spend their money on enjoying their lives , going for a trip for example .

Secondly , it is so commun that you find numbers of young people in the cinema after work or during the weekend .
And they go to a bar with their friends after work , or go to a gymnasium during the weekends .
Since they are young and energetic , they know how to take advantage of their spare time and enjoy their life .
However , it is so rare to find old people in pubs or in gymnasiums in China .

Maybe that 's not the case in Europe or in the USA .
However , I find in China , it is true that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Perhaps there will be a change in the near future ?
Who knows ?
Cars in these days are seen as an almost indispensable part of life in alomost all the countries .
With the expansion of cities around the globe and with the dependance of life on comfort and luxury , the car production rates as well as their buying rates have increased .
And i think that this trend is going to continue .
So i disagree with the statement that in twenty years from now there will be fewer cars than today .

Next twenty years are destined to see a sudden and great increase in industrilization and a massive and rapid expansion of world in terms of population , income etc .
With a increase in net world income the standard of life of people is going to come up which in turn will help boost the car industry as people would rather prefer expending on car rather than having discomfort .

With the industrilization growth the availibility of time to perform a certain action or say for example delivery of goods from one place to another or for example reaching the office on time and in less time , is gonna decrease so the dependance of people on faster and more reliable of modes of transport ( within a city or country ) is going to increase which is again going to help give car industry a stimulus .

One more reason which can be cited in this regard is the people 's love for high speed and scientifically styled and desgned cars .
This trend will also see an upsurge in the next twenty years with more of the world population entering the youth age .
This trend will be most common in highly developed coutries where people will be able to afford and maintain these kind of cars .

Also in countries like US where the public mode of transport is not that common and where people prefer travelling by rather than by train or bus , with the increase in population the number of cars are going to increase .

Though one of the negative impact of an increase in the number of cars would be the effect on enviornment .
an increase in the number of cars would result in a more polluted enviornment which would further see a rise in enviornment related diseases such as asthma , cancer etc .
It is also probably going to create parking problems with the explosion of world population and the world space being limted and finite .
Another problem associated with an increase in the number or cars is the fuel shortage problem .
with the global oil crisis it has become constantly difficult to meet the increase in oil demands .

But again i dont think that any of this is gonna hinder with the use of cars in the next twenty years .
I agree with the statement saying that most advertisements make products seem much better than they actually are .
Indeed , advertisements are made in order to sell a product , they are not based on objectivity .
In my opinion , advertisements are not a fair representations of the products they are proning .
Most of the time they emphasyse the good side of the product but they avoid mentionning the eventual problems that can be found when they are used .
For instance , an advertsiement for a piece of clothing will insist on the aesthetical aspect or on the fact that it follows the current fashion , but it wo n't insist on the fact that the fabric may be of bad quality .

Furthermore , advertisements make product seem better because , when it comes to clothing , the garment is advantaged by the fact that it is wore by a person who fits the aesthetic criteria of the population .
When a potential byer sees a piece of clothing , it is always presented to him in a way that it appears to perfectly shape the body whereas , in reality , the advertisors have certainly choosen the person who will make the garment look perfect .
It probably wo n't be the case when an average person wera it .

Last , the people who designed the advertisement often do surveys prior the release of the product .
The surveys are used to ask to a certain number of people , representative of the class aimed by the product , what they think about the product , what they like or dislike about the its shape .
This way of funcionning unables the designers to know what are the attracting sides of the product , it is easy then to highlight those aspects in the advertisement in order to attract the buyer .

That is why I think that people should not trust the advertisements they run accross .
Most of the time it has been designed to appeal to the customer and , when used , will prove to be much different than what one could have expected by seeing the advertisement .
I disagree with the statement , because I think , that older people enjoy their life more .

The problem is the definition of the word enjoy .
In my opinion is `` enjoy your life '' not , to do everything I could do in the less time a day spend .
Furthermore it is to select the important things , that take you further or let you become more lucky .

Young people sleep only less hours and use the time to make party , do a lot of sport or hang around .
That 's their definition of enjoy life .
The older ones have more experience in their life , because they are older and they also were young .
As they were young they tested everything , too .
And now , they know what kind of sport , cultural living , meetings they need to be lucky .

So they can concentrate themself on the real `` funny side of life '' .

I think , that young people not enjoy life more than older ones do .
I think , they are looking for the right answer , of what is the best thing I could do with my time .

On the other hand , older people normally have more money than younger ones .
So they can affort expensive sports , events or other happenings , which younger ones will never seen in that way .

And the main points of enjoying life are the family and long grown friendships !
I heard it a lot of times , that parents and grandparents said , that the greatest , the most amazing gift is a child !
And they never want to change the time they had before .
And they enjoy spending time with their family or friends .

That is an experience , which younger people cannot understand .
CITIES TWENTY YEARS LATER
How will our cities be in the future ?
How will people live twenty years from now ?
These are questions asked for so many years and we can see many different answers , theories and approaches through out history .
When trying to answer these questions , the key aspects of cities such as traffic and car use come into the picture .
I believe that , in terms on car use in the city , there will not be significant decrease in the number of cars used and even more cars will be used in twenty years .

There are several aspects effecting the car use today .
The main element is the car-dependent life style of modern people living in the cities .
I believe that the city life of the near future will as car dependant as today or even more .
Cities evolve and continue to get bigger counting on the mobility of the people .
As new suburbs are created and cities with multiple city centers away from each other , are developed ; as the current situation in Istanbul nowadays more and more people will need to use cars .

The only reason for fewer cars to be used in the near future would be the concept of working from home using the internet .
People can argue that when people will have the chance to live and work in one place - the home office concept , they will not need to use cars .
However the concept of a home ofiice is not that new and in the past 10 or 15 years many people tried to work from home but ended up going back to their offices .
Big companies are not supporting people working from home , on the contrary they are trying to create better and more confortable working environments in and around the city .

Based on what I see in my own country ( Turkey ) and many other developing countries I can say that more and a lot of money is invested in the car industry , highways , tunnels and bridges making it easier and necessary for people to use cars .
Therefore I believe that in twenty years there will be more cars in use than there are today .
In my opinion there is a need for specialists and generalists .
With generalists I refeere to people who have a broad knowledge .
If everyone is specializing on his topic no one has an overview of the total problem and on the other hand if all students focus on many academic subjects there wo n't be any specialists to do specialized work .

For students there sould be a choise wether to get a broad knowledge or specialiye on one subjet .
It is important that one can figure out what suits him or her best .
For me it is specializing on a specific subject , but I still want to have knowledge of the surrounding fields of study .
If there is quite a broad interest in subjects and a specialisation in one topic at the same time , it is possible to link one thing from one field to the specialised field and eventually come up with something new and inovative .

I think there are also some slight differences between the fields of study .
For business students it is neccesary to know a lot of a huge varyity of topics , but the need to go into detail is not that big .
This is different for students from engineering .
To bring the research or production forward it is vital to know all details of existing solutions .
So an engineering student must focus on one topic if he likes to contribute to that subject .
But still with specializing on one specific topic he sould not forget about the view of the total .

If the statement is taken as a general statement I have to say that I do not agree with it , but it is correct in specific fields of academics .
During my work expirience I saw that sometimes it has to many specialists and ofthen they forget about what the whole picture is .
In there cases the statement could lead some people to be a generalist .
These generalists then could help the specialist to work to gether and direct them to a good solution .

The statement has some truth withing but I ca n't agree with it totaly .
I believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because using cars could pollute the environment and makes people have less oppotunities to exercise .
Using cars could hurm and reduce nature that we live in and is essential for us to live .
As a lot of people know , driving cars could make CO2 , which is found to raise the temperature of earth .
In the fact , CO2 is considered as one of fron gas that could cause Greenhouse Effect .
This is a effect that fron gases that we use in our every day lives cover the earth and prevent it from releasing the heat from the sun to the space .
It is the fact that the the temperature of the surface of the earth is more and more raisig today , which already causes floods or droughts .
The act that is producing CO2 is actually said that driving car , so if use keep using them and producing CO2 , we do not know how much it is going to affect on the environment negatively .
Therefore , we have to come up with better rides other than cars .

More and more people have less oppotunities to exercise because of cars .
Nowadays , there are lot of people who do not exercise enough and who eat junk food like humbergers or pizza .
I understand that poeople are too busy working or going to schools beacuse they have to earm money for their families and to study to learn a lot of things which are good for them .
However , eating junk food and not exercising surely kill themselves .
I know a person who uses his car when he goes to a grocery store to get food although it is just 5 minutes far from his house .
I strongly think that he can walk , no , he has to walk .
If everybody rides a car wherever he or she goes , they are surely going to be out of shape and get diseases like heart attack or diabetes .
I blieve that we should use less cars and walk or ride bicyles if the directions are not so far away from we we are .

There are two reasons why people use leass car .
One is that using car could harm the earth because of CO2 that car produce .
The other one is because using cars make people have less oppotunities to exercise .
Even though sometimes , in particular when travelling for a short amount of time , being in an organized group with a guide can be more effective , I generally prefer to travel on my own .

The main reason why I like travelling is the fact that it provides an opportunity to be close to very different people , learn a language and eat new , unusual food .
In summary , to experience a different culture .
When you travel in a group , you often end up with people from your country , who speak your language and want to eat known food , in known places .
Also , tour guides generally focus on the typical tourist attractions , because that 's what most people are interested in .
This is almost the exact opposite of what I am looking for when I travel .

I like to read books about my destination before I travel , so that by the time I am there , I already have a rough mental plan of what I would like to see .
Doing so offers much more flexibility than traveling in a group .
You can choose exactly where to go and when , regardless of what the majority considers interesting .
Some people like to visit churches , others museums or even shopping malls .
When you travel in a group you almost always have to find a compromise and rarely end up being completely satisfied .

My dream vacation includes plenty of time to wander the streets of a new city , without the help of someone who already knows the place .
I like to get lost in interesting streets , to try to interact with local people and to see how they walk , shop and talk in their own country .
Even when I am not fluent in the local language , I always do my best to use as many words and expressions as possible .
I find it much more satisfying , than just using English or Italian , my mother tongue .

Based on my experience , I also believe that people react much better when they see that you are travelling on your own and that you respect their culture and try to blend in , instead of being in a large group , looking at them through the reassuring cultural lens of a guide , as if they were exotic animals in a zoo .
In my opinion , in the first part of our academic path , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subject than to specialize in one specific subject .
There are many reasons which support my point of view .
First of all , people need to have a good knowledge of the most of subjects in order to understand which is the one they like most .
How can we know what we like if we do n't know the distinct possibilities ?
Otherwise , without a 360 degrees view , he would n't be able to say which is his our favourite field of interest .

The second point regards the importance of any single subject .
Each one of those transmits something unique and unsubstitutable .
As mathematics developes our right part of the brain , literature and art work on the left one .
And the same concept could be inferred to all other subject .
The study of a given subject , does n't only increase our knowledge of it , but improves also some of our personal skills and I think we need any kind of capacities in order to to be successful in life .

Another important point is about the social consequences of a high bandwidth knowledge .
Being informed on a lot of subject opens us the chance to have conversations in distinct contexts and thus the chance of knowing distinct people .
I think it is very important in a man 's life to have a large variety of knowledges because it could lead to an active social life .

However , even if it has to be most consistent part , I think a horizontal study of many academic subject has to be necessarly followed by a more vertical phase .
After we have understood what we prefer we need to get specialized in something in order to create our main interest , upon which we might build our future and our job .
The topic at hand is whether in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
This topic is important from many points of view .
I disagree with the statement .
I think the number of cars will not decrease in twenty years down the line .

World is growing at a rapid pace .
Time is the utmost important factor .
Even though there is an increase in the pollution from the increase in number of cars , people will not avoid cars .
They are very much busy with their daily schedules .
They have things to be completed within the deadlines .
They cannot imagine themselves with out atleast an automobile .
They have to run with time .

People find other ways to reduce the pollution , but they cannot sacrifice their cars .
They would say that increase in the number of plants would decrease the pollution .
Even they would invent new methods to reduce the pollution but there would n't be any comprimise in the car usage .

Car number would decrease if car owners comes forward to disown their cars as the cars are creating the environmental pollution , which is impractical to considerable itself .
Maintaing a car is also important from esteem point of view .
There is a craze for the cars in the market .
Some people wants to buy cars as soon as a company releases the product .

Even there is a scarcity in the gas or petrol , new cars will be invented which do not require petrol or gas , instead uses the natural resources like the solar energy or biogas .
Besides `` As necessity is the mother of invention '' people would certainly do research to create new cars which solves the problems created from the existing cars

The technology is also supporting the increase in the number of cars .
With the ever growing technology , new cars with different power , style and with high efficiency are being invented daily .
There is a competition between the companies for producing the best car .
This competition and thrist to win the market will lead to increase in the number of cars in future .

In conclusion , I think the number of cars will increase with time , even though there are some negative effects from the increase in number of cars .
This effects are nullified from the advantages and necessity of the cars
I believe that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
It follows that , learning the facts is ineffective for the student as the memorized facts would easily be forgotten .
However , students will not forget what they learn if they understand the ideas or concepts .
Now I shall state the benefits of understanding ideas and concepts rather than facts .
Firstly , a student should try to understand the idea beneath a certain fact in order to remember how that idea works and leads to that fact .
What I mean by this is that , if a student learns the reasons-concepts of a fact it will be much easier for him to use that knowledge in the future as he can use the concepts to reach to the fact .
Secondly , learning concepts makes it easier for a student to see the whole picture or in other words to look in a broader perspective .
It follows that , learning through a systematic path will be more usefull for the student as through generalization and specialization students may learn better .
For instance , when I was in high school I was not able to memorize the mathematical facts such as theorems but then I found it more easy to learn these theorems through learning certain concepts and ideas that are related to those facts .
Furthermore , learning the concepts and ideas appear to be more important as the facts will not be used in daily life situations .
What I mean by this is that as people do need to cope with the problems of life by themselves , it will be more reasonable to teach them the ideas and concepts in order to provide them a model by dealing with their problems .
It follows that , facts do not make students clever although they make them wise .
However , the ideas and concepts can make the students clever if they try to adopt these in their lives .
To sum up , learning the concepts and ideas appear to be more important as they provide a long-lasting and effective learning .
Therefore , instead of learning facts students should try to learn the ideas and concepts as they can remember these in the future and use them for acquiring the facts they need .
Last but not least , systematical learning is the key to achieve success so learning ideas and concepts provide this systematical learning .
I very strongly disagree with the claim that the best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide .
Such a position relies on a few logical arguments , but also on the results of a personal experience , both of which I shall now try to highlight : First of all , any effective decision coming from a group has to be the result of a very long , slow and fastidious process of argumentation .
Also the decisions , once made , are known to level the number of exciting things to do , museums to visit , to a strict minimum .

Even if the presence of a guide would undoubtebly temper the problem of an effective decision as the result of a collective process , it would only do so by raising another kind of problem , quite more preoccupying really : tour guides are not always reliable , and actually often turn out to be quite deceptive if not fully mendacious .

True , to the extent that it allows the traveler not to worry about any plan or any decision to make , to rely on a tour guide can be an agreable way to enjoy a holiday .
Also to travel in a group can provide a sense of psychological comfort , by knowing that one will never be on her or his own .

In the end , it seems that the personality of the traveler plays a huge part in the answer to that claim .
In my opinion , the best way to travel is unquestionably on one 's own .
No tour guide , no group , just a backpack and a city map .
As paradoxical as it may sound , I have always experienced it to be the best way never to be alone .
It is stated by some that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In time we have seen that the use of cars has increased and in my opinion , the possibilities of it decreasing are very low .
The automobile industry is just starting to develope and improve its self .
They are finding new ways to satisfy a customer 's needs and to attrackt a variety of people .
Nowadays there are cars for all types of activities , which come in many shapes , colors and sizes .
They appeall to the young generation also , making cars that are equipped with the latest technologies .
Family cars are much more comfortable and the image of the traditional sports car has changed .
Since people are becoming more and more concerned with polution , car manufacturers have been trying to come up with a car that works on natural energy .
Of course , a car like this is really expensive , but it may soon become a most wanted car .

I believe that the car industry is evolving along with the needs of our times and is making out of cars a need to have object .
And as more people can afford a car , due to the economical improvement , sales will grow all around the world .
Car industry may one day reach places that are in state of poverty right now , but that in twenty years or more will step into a better economical situation .
So this can only increase sales .

We are also finding new ways to connect parts of the world that have been isolated from the rest of the world .
So as new roads to travel are made , needs to travel in will be extremely necessary .

Finally , I believe that in the future , although it might change its form , cars will always be used and even by a larger amount of people .
Marketers are facing an increasing competition .
As they do not want to see their market share decrease , they need to find more effective ways to sell their products .
That is why I really think that marketers develop techniques to make their products seem much better than they are .
I have noticed several of these techniques in various markets .

First , most of the products are shown in a nice environment that has nothing to do with them .
For example , most advertisements for clothes show a model in a nice place like a beach or a nice restaurant .
The overall impression is very good even if the product is not great .

Second , photography technologies enable the product to look better .
For example , small objects are shot closely in order to make it appear much bigger .
I have noticed that it is a common practice for people that are selling rings with diamonts .

Another way to embelish a product is to add creative copy to a product image .
Some advertisements are misleading the consumer .
They give partial information .
I often see advertisements for computer batteries .
Most of the time , the lifetime of the battery is not really communicated .
Instead , the copy says ` Long Lifetime ' .
It could be two years or six months .

In conclusion , I think that advertisers are using techniques that are often misleading .
It is very important to look precisely at an advertisement in order to get a real sense of what the product really is .
I think that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
This is so because of many reasons .

To start with , I think that facts origenate ( come originally ) from ideas and concepts .
This can be clearly shown in the physics field , for example .
When a person wants to prove something for somebody , through an expirement , he has to build his whole expirement on one or more idea or concept and then go on with the expirement to prove a specific fact .
From this point we can understand that ideas and concepts are more important than facts .

Moreover , through focusing on ideas and concepts the , student will develop a self thinking method based on reasoning .
This is basically done by schools and universities .
When these institutions are focusing on developing and improving the student 's ability to learn new facts and concepts , it is growing and feeding the student 's imagination to think in a different angle of view and thus discovering nem things .

But on the other hand , when schools and universities are just ( spoon feeding ) the student with ready made facts they are killing the imagination part of his thinking .
After that the student will grow up and continue in his education just depending on ready facts which are in his text books .
I neither agree or disagree with the previous statement ( or better I recognize its unavoidable reality ) , I will provide below my reasons ; I do n't appreciate this practice , even if I understand the reasons which lead the advertisers to adopt this technique to promote products .

The first reason is simply practical , many products do not look as nice in reality as they appear in advertisements , for example as regards pasta , usually experts use plastic copies of pasta in the making of their video advertisements , because pasta is difficult to be managed and to look in an acceptable way for the long times needed to record the videos .

The second and main reason is cause of marketing , people working in this field believe and know that people do not use a product because they need it , but because it represents a dream , an illusion , under which something else is hidden : the individual need to be socially recognized , the need to look in a better way , the need to look someone else , etc .

So usually advertisements depict an illusory image of products , full of colours and brightness , with dreamy contours , in a rich and pleasant environment , etc .
For example if we consider a car 's advertisement , we could notice that we do not see only the car , perhaps moving on a street , usually we would hear a very rithmic music , after we would see the car , perhaps in front of a luxury restaurant , a man in an elegant suit would come down and open the other car door to allow a beautiful , sexy , girl to join him entering the restaurant , perhaps at the end we would see the couple , inside a villa , on the border of a pool , drinking two glasses of , seemingly , champagne , naturally the car is always in front of the view .
Does this all reflect the real life of most of us ?
I would say no , but it reflects our dreams , our hidden desires of social power and recognition .
They do n't sell a product , they sell a dream .

Concluding my discussion , I think that the topic the question is about , better looking of products in advertisements than reality , depends on the way our society is structured , a way in which appearences predominate on essence ; so I think it 's just inevitable , it is not a matter of agreement or disagreement .
Nowadays advertisement became very popular for the companies .
Especially the bigger companies are using this argument very frequently .
In my opinion advirtesements make products seem better than they really are .
The goal of the companies which is maximizing the profits and the competition between the companies provides this stiuation .

Companies are using advirtesement arguments for increasing their profits .
To achieve their aim they are showing their products differently .
For example , once I saw an advertisement about a digital dictionary on the television .
When I saw the dictionary I decided to buy one .
Because It has a o lot of functions which are very beneficial for me .
It is also said that the use of the dictionary is very simple .
Next day I went to the shop to buy one .
When I saqw the real one I was shocked .
First it was not practical as it was said on the television .
On the other hand the size of the dictionary was very big which is a problem for carrying it .

Sometimes the competition between the companies may cause this situation .
Today a lot of company are competing bacuse they are producing the same products .
Each of them wants to raise their own profits .
There are two big companies in Turkey which are producing the same product , knifes .
They are emphasizing the sharpness of their knifes in the advirtesements .
Both of them want to prove that their knifes quality is better than other company 's knife .
For that reason sometimes they are giving untrue knowledge about the qualifications of their knifes .

It may claimed that an untrue advirtesement may be harmful for the company 's future improvement .
But It became a habbit for the com
Specialization was not the beginning of Academics but after the Industrial Revolution specialization became important .
The works of each worker identified after that time and professors as university workers have to obey that process .
However , I believe that specialization in academic areas is dangerous for free thought and for the improvement of revolutionary ideas .

If we look closer to history science in 20th century , most of the scientists who bring the revolutionary ideas are out of the academy or not from the discipline .
Einstein was a mathematician even he was just working on a scientific jurnal .
There are many examples that support my proposition .
Nevertheless , if we pay close attention to philosophy of Feyaraband , we can see that how our strong beliefs prevents the revolutionary ideas in science .
He claims that our deep belief in our science discourages people out of the field .

At first glance specialization will appear even it will bring the academic person possibility to improve himself in his area .
However , this idea forgets an important point , all fields in science are connected by the core idea of science and if an academician wants to improve himself he has to learn it with the connections of the field with other fields and t is the philosophy of the current science .
Most of us begin to think that the age of philosophy is over and science will take its place .
This proposition is true in a sence .
The prevailing academic approach may want that because positivist approach of academy claims that science is developing day by day .
The arguments used to claim that are mostly related to technological fields .
However , it must be seen that technology is the appliance of science not an extra knowledge for us .
Moreover , because the arguments given are all in their terms and confirming each other , there is no way to reject the improvement in technology .
In other words , technology is in close relationship with scientific beliefs that make it possible .
Thus , such an argument is meanless to show whether we are in the right way or not .

The overwhelmed belief in prevailing science prevents us to examine it .
Even it is epistemological perspective is not strong as it appears at first glance .
Therefore , if we want to improve ourselves and begin to think freely , we should rise our heads and ask questions to endeep our knowledge on anything .
In that way we may be able to see the connections .
I strongly agree that in twenty years there would be fewer cars in use than there are today .
To support and explain the stated point we have many reasons and lets review them logically .
The main point which hold the statement that in twenty years there would be lesser cars than used today would be since there is a drastic decrease in the natural fuel being used , such as peteroleum products .
To support this point the recent survey conducted by National Geographic expedition and their study shows that these natural reservers like peteroleum would last for not more than another 30 years , if the same rate of usage is continued .
This study also involves the different peteroleum products being used as fules , these include diesel , petrol , gassoline , LPG ( liqufied peteroleum gass ) and other minor fules .

We should also include the case of using natural solar power , or nuclear fuel , but at the present rate of financial investments and other government policies these donot look to spring up in the next recent years .
As for example starting up a nuclear plant in a place called Thungha in the north west part of India took five years .

So as a result of increase in the fule price and also the rate of growth of pollution caused by the burning of these petroleum products , people are highly encourached to use other modes of travel , for example using public transport , metro system , cycling for short distances .
As for example in China , employers are adoptinjg techniquies to reduce the usage of cars , like locating close to work place , using metro system for travel .

Also when we focus on the government policies being laid in recent times , we see that more encourangement is give for public transport than for purchase for cars .
As taking for example a place called Bangalore located in India , during the past five years then price for fuel has grown by more than hundred percentage , while to compensate for this issue , the government had activated more public transport , allocating industrial area next to be in one major location , where the fequency of public transport is concentrated .
This did lead to the decrease in the usage of cars in Bangalore .

Also we may raise the point of using sloar power and other modes of generating fuel for cars , like liquid fuels where water is a byproduct ( presently used to power up space flights and super sonic jets ) , also using electric cars which also need petroleum product to generate , but this demands for great amounts of revenue and also a mojor world collobration .
Also the research in these fileds donot show big progress form the past years for major car production .
So looking at these feature , this will take time and we cannot expect them to happen with in the next twenty years .
Parallely thier would also be the depletion of fuel in the world leading to minorty class of people to use cars ( those who could afford the high price of petroleum products ) .

Hence as stated and explained with examples , according to me I agree that in twenty years there would be fewer cars in use than there are as of today .
Successful people always challege new things rather than doing what they already know how to do .
In other words , those who do not take risks will never succeed .
First of all , people can get used to a variety of things if they always try new things .
It would be helpful to communicate with a person whom they do not know at all because it is much easier for them to choose a common topic between them than for those who do not try new things at all .
As communication is absolutely required to succeed in society , where peope live together , this is one of the reasons why people ought to try various things to succeed .
In addition to that , people who always trying out for a lot of things are able to deal with unexpected situation .
Since they try new things and have much more knowlegde than other people , it is more likely for them to be able to solve unexpected problems than others .

Secondly , as a proverb says , failure is mother of success .
Even successful people are just human beings .
Thus , they do make mistakes and failure some times .
By learning how to fail , however , they can make use of the experience for their next challenge so that they will not fail next time .
Therefore , successful people need to be intellegent enough to convert their failure to success .

Lastly , trying out for new things can bring opportunities to find a person 's possibility .
It is not rare at all that a person finds what he is good at at age of thirty when he trys out for a new thing .
My experience would support this idea .
Currently , I am senior at high school .
At the beginning year of the high school , I was so good at math that I recieved math award from math teachers .
Thus , I was planning to major in math at university and college .
Next year , however , I took the `` concert band '' class , which is a music class for brass and woodwind instruments .
Since the beginning of the class , I have been very much into it , and I am right now well enough to be chosen for the top eight musicians of my school .
This has totally changed my mind for future , and I am planning to major in music at an American university right now .
What I mentioned here is that if I had not tried out for the music , I would not have found the possiblity of my music talent .
In a way , I am now a successful person because I know what I can do well by learning from the challenge to the new thing .
I am not going to stop trying out for new things , and I am now planning to do a lot of musical things , such as mixing , recording and composition .

In conclusion , successful people always take risks and try new things to seek for their possiblity .
I have grown up with the expression `` Boys be ambitious ! ''
.
I have heard it from my parents and from my teachers who always put the emphasis on studying hard to lead our nation .
This is probably limited to Korean social situation but this makes students focus on just their study not on helping the community or else .

First of all , students in their teens which mostly consist of middle and high school students do not and can not ( due to the limited time frame ) pay much attention to the community .
Lack of information precipitates the problem further .
If they were informed about how life is going at other side of the world , they would have cared a little more .
But there are parents who always say to their children there is only one thing they have to care about , That 's study and get to the prestigious university .
Even when I was a high school student I did n't know what was coming and going in my town area .
Even when I became an adult I did n't know how to participate in the community affair .
These all come from the dearth of attention and care .

Second , unlike the system of the Untied Sates , we here in Korea do n't have any specified rules or encouragement to make youth participate in the work of community .
For example , students in the United Sates actively take part in the affairs outsides of the school for the persuit of getting hands-on experience before they actually embark on landing on jobs themselves .
This is faciliated by the whole atmospehere of the school students , The reason lies in the system of selecting students on the basis of egagement of social activity or voluntary work .
However , we in Korea can not see any benefit or incentives coming from being involved in affair outside of their school carriculum .

Third , the atittude and the atmosphere that the students have learned through their school years which amount to a total of 10 years or 14 years if you include university education provides the basis for the rest of their life and people still keep their old habit .

It is fairly impossible for people to join the community suddenly and help the community get going .
Even I myself who never joined the commuity activity before do n't know how to get the information and where to look for the area that might need help or even where to start even if I seriously want to engage in a community work .

In conclusion , lack of time through their school years and lack of incentives by the their targeted university and lastly ongoing habit of not being involved in a social affair prevent young people of modern times from actively taking part in the community service .
Starting from now , it might be helpful to encourage those young blood to care more about the community they are living in and make it a better place .
I personally agree that having broad knowledge of many academic subjects would be a good idea .
Students will be familiarized about broad knowledge of many academic subjects to increase his chances of getting a job after graduation or maybe during his studies .
Also , it might enable him after graduation to handle different tasks , which will eventually help him to be promoted faster and get higher performance evaluation .
Moreover , knowing many academic subjects will help all of us to create our own business upon graduation .

I graduated from the King Fahd University in Saudi Arabia back in year 2000 with a BS degree in the electrical field .
I took a broad knowledge of many academic subjects including power , control , communication , and from other fields .
It took me only one week to join Saudi Aramco company , which is considered one of the largest Oil producers in the world .
When I joined the comany , my management evaluated my qualifications .
They discovered that I have braod knowledge of many technical subjects .
My management nominated me to work in several investigation committess since I knew many technical subjects .
Also , I have been assigned to perform my technical studies in the power , control and communciations fields .
Recenly , I have been nominated to work in one of the largest projects that Saudi Aramco will construct , which is Manafia Project .
This project is considerd a mega-project and it will start in year 2007 .
This assignment is one of the challenge assessments that I might face .
However , it is considered a golden chance .

I presenting my story to demonstarate how broad knowledge of technical subject might create golden chances for us .
Therefore , it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects than to be specalized in one specific field .
Some people thinks that young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities while some others thinks that they do .
For those who think they does give the reason that lots of young people would go out and do free survices for orphanage as well as other non profitable survices in educational commities and etc .
For example we can see that lots of students enter clubs or teams that goes out around the neighborhood to help out those who are in need .
This can be seen much more clearly at US and North America .

However for those who think that the young people does n't do enough survices point out that most young people just focus on their own leisure activities when they have free time or just go and get more work to earn more money instead of paying attention to the communities .
For example they give out the fact that young people nowadays spend more and more time on surfing the internet as well as doing sport instead of free community survices since that they do n't actually get any benifit from it .

As for me , I personally agrees to the idea that young people nowadays do n't spend enough time to help out for their communities , on the conditions that they are living in Asia or non English speaking countries .
The fact is that in non speaking countries such as Asia young people tends to focus more on school work and how to get better degree such as master degree or PHD .
However in North America , the school requires the student to help out the communities at least 2 ~ 5 hours a semester , which means while those young people goes to school they receives the idea of helping out the communities instead of just focus on the academics .

In conclusion , I only agree to the condition of that the young people are not spending enough time to help out the communities when they are living in the non English speaking countries such as Europe or North America
I clearly disagree with the statement that `` In twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today '' .

The only constant thing in this world is `` change '' .
Things are changing from the way they used to be before .
Man is also changing .
The phase of his life , when he used to find it difficult to earn his daily bread has almost come to an end .
The living conditions have been improving .
Man is able to earn enough to support his , as well as , his families needs .

Man has become a very busy animal with his appointments , meetings , business and many more issues which demand most of his time , caliber , intellengence and effeciency .
He also has his daily chores which he has to finish before calling it a day .
To keep up with all this he needs fast and convinent transport to help him reach his destination on time .

Car is a convinent mode of transport for him .
It is no more a status symbol .
It has become a necessity .
It a very common thing , nowadays , to own a car .
The advancing technology and the need for fast transportation result in more people owing cars .
Apart from fossils being the primary source of fuels to ignite the engins , new forms of energy are also being developed .
One among them is , trapping of the solar energy .
Cars can now be run on solar energy .
This eco friendly development is a boon to man .
He need not spent mpre money to just fill his cars tank with gas .

Hence , I opine that there will be an increase in the number of cars rather than a decrease .
I agree with this statement because ideas are the primary form of the facts .
The facts were ideas before they becaome facts .
therefore , it is important to underdatnd the ideas first then develope them and make them work as facts .

In addition , ideas are felixable and can be more useful than the facts bacause simply we can discuss the ideas and develope them but we can not discuss all the facts especially those which became `` dogma '' .
So understanding the ideas is the door of the discussion skills that the students need .

students can use the idea and get what is beyond it and get deeply into it to get other ideas out from the orginal idea so they will be able to undersatnd it and use it effectly .
This method also help the students to keep all what they need in mind and not forget it .

focusing in ideas are most important because every thing starts with an idea .
Also we can be involve in the idea and we can add our own idea so we are sharing the thoughts .

All in all , the idea is the passage for every thing .
it leads us to the truth , the fact .
ideas are what we live for and at the end , life is an idea .
The term `` Knowledge '' as we see has a ample number of branches to be described .
One such branch that we are about to see is that of a students academics .
A man is simply a learner in his own life .

Lets consider the case of an individual when he is in childhood stage .
As a child he learns to crawl , eat , play etc .
In this context he is a learner to go through all the varied functionalities associated to him .
Later comes the stage of being a grown up boy .
Here would prefer to walk on the ground rather than crawling , thus his interest has got confined .

In a similar way when we consider the case of a individual pursuing his academics .
Its would be better to excel in one specific subject rather than going through various subjects .
This would be beneficial not only to the individual but also to the career that he opts for .
Consider the case of an Engineer , if he is made to go through the subjects like , Politics , Medicine etc. then it would be infered that the chances of becoming an Engineer are bleak .
The same case may not be applicable to all other cases .
When we take the above case of an sucessful Engeineer we can clearly state in the maximum cases that , the inividual has had a plenty of overview of his interest and the subjects that he has studied .

On the other hand a person with only confined knowledge would excel only in his choosed field rather than being aware of the happenings around him .
Lets take the case of any political leaders .
As we know leaders are not born as leaders , they are the people coming from different fields .
A leader may be a doctor , engineer , farmer etc .
So the individual as a leader has to be aware of all the happenings going around him and also his region , province , country etc .
Thus here in this case we can say that a mere confined knowledge is not enough to be a perfect individual .

So we can say that the method of having a broad knowlege of academic subjects depends upon how an individual approaches it , rather than making it a controversial methodology
Everyone at a point of time is and was young .
And a person who knows to appreciate the life can always learn and live life happily and enjoy every moment of it .

I do not really agree that young people can enjoy life more than older people , as enjoying life is no way related to age .
Age can pass but enjoyment remains the same , for example it is not that only young people can eat ice cream and enjoy it , ice cream is noway related to age even older people can have it and yet enjoy the taste .

The young people enjoy the life without thinking about any consequences , where as the older people grow wise and can analyse what is good and what can harm them .
For instance nowadays young people take all kinds of drugs and say they are having fun , where as they are paving way to their own end , with this regard older people can atleast judge what will be fruitful for them .

Another good example of young people enjoying the life by performing daredevil stunts with thier vehicles , where as an older man will be cautious about himself and his dependants unlike the youn people .

If it is about fitness where one can play games or do lot of sports activity then probably older people can also do it .
For example take cricket , tennis , where people who have maintained their fitness all throughout their life have managed to play even in the later part of their live 's and also won many titles and awards , such as S.Graff who played her last match at age of 40 plus and yet won the title .

I beleive enjoying life does n't really mean being reckless with life , taking drugs and going to prostitutes or indulging in unnecessary activities ..
Enjoying life means being happy , feel the happiness and make others happy , which will not only change you but but will bring a change in the society .
Where everyone can enjoy the life .
When a company designs or manufactures a product they need to be advertised .
Advertising is a way which helps people to know about the new product in the market .
When people come to know about the product , the sales increase .
This is the moto of the companies which are manufacturing the product : incresing their sale .
But are these companies advertising the product in the same way as it is to be ?
I do not think so .
To increase sale these companies show their product in a very appealing way so that the customers will buy them .

First , many advertisements we come accross hire a famous personality .
This is one way of getting the attention of customers about the produt .
Usually , when these famous personalites tell about the product many do not actually think about the product rather they psychologically relate themselves getting binded to the famous person .
As , his or her favourite person is shown with the product they think it is best .
Actually it might not be true .

Additionally , the advertisment uses the newer technologies to make the product more visually impressed so that the customer can buy it .
A bowl which is made up of clay can be demonstrated very artistically by placing a beautiful background and on a clean table and flowers beside it .
Even though it is a simple clay bowl , due to this demonstration people think it can give the same impression when they buy it and arrange in the same fashion .
But this might not be true because , they could have used the graphics to get the background of that advertisement .

Finally , sometimes the advertisements do not say about the diasadvantages of a product .
Usually advertisements put the good qualities in front of the coustmer .
So the customer may not be aware of the other face .
For instance when I had bought a rice cooker after seeing an advertisment ( in fact I was very impressed of how it was shown and the advantages of using that ) .
Later I realised that I had bought a bad one because it was n't convinent .
It was difficult to clean .
So somtimes the advertise do not say about the bad qualities of the product as , the reason for advertising is to improve the sale .

In conclussion , advertisements help to get to know about a new product in the market but they are usually shown to impress the customers to increase their sale .
So , people should be able to think about the disadvantages and facts about the product and make their choice .
When we peek outside our houses the thing we can find in abundance outside our houses and on the roads is unrefutedly the Cars in different designs and colors .
The cars have changed the way we travel .
The invention of cars have brought a kind of a revolution in the times .
In addition to making the conveyance easier to saving time to accessing the remote areas cars have done almost everything to make our life more comfortable .
With the changing technologies and increasing economic growth i dont believe that the next twenty years in any way see a reduction in the cars .
This will be mainly because of the demand , advancement and status these four wheeled wonder is going to bring about .

With the increase in the pocket income and incentives more and more people will be able to buy the cars .
After all who wants to experience the overcrowding in the buses and trains and the waste of precious time these inconvenient travelling measures bring about .
The another factor which will increase the demand is the population growth .
With the population of the world sky rocketing the number of people who can avail the benefits of cars will increase and so do the cars .

Also with the advancement in the technology we will witness a whole new genre of cars in the next twenty years .
When people see something new and innovative they have a urge to buy it even though they may be having an absolete version of it .
So there may be many people with two or three cars in the next coming years .

Cars are frequently being associated with the social status of the people .
The people try to get everything that will elevate their status .
In many families we see peolpe having many cars .
One for going to office and other for social parties , other for children and hence enhancing their status with each car .
With these kind of social attitudes the sale of cars is definitely going to increase .

So we dont see any reason why the sales of cars will decline and we will see fewer number of cars in the years to come .
Though the excessive use of cars will create problems like traffic jams , chaos for parking , pollution and petroleum problems .
But these problems will find a suitable solution .
It just only needs cooperative effort and thinking .
So in the next twenty years we will witness more and also attractive cars down the road .
Enjoyment is the basic ingredient of Life .
Enjoyment basically needs time , mood and the passion for it .
Enjoyment should not be trapped within the boundaries of age .
An old person can also enjoy just like a young person does and sometime can do even more than youngsters so , I do not agree with the statement .

Older people have more time to enjoy the life peacefully and comfortablly .
Most of them are retired and are over with their responsibilities .
They can always utilize this time in doing the thing they like and enjoy most .
Fo instance i have a friend whose grand parent remain free all the time and mostly they stay out of the house .
They have joined so many clubs and societies .
They visit some new tourist place every year for the sake of outing .
They are living life much better than there son who is always busy with the loads of work .

Old person does not have any responsibility on him so by that he can always enjoy his work , his trips better , regardless of what is happening back at home .
They can concentrate only on present without thinking about risks of future because of the major responsibilities like kids , business has been covered or being tranfered to the kids .

The enjoyment does not always means freaking out with the friends , dancing , clubing etc .
Every person has its own way to enjoy the life .
Some person do not do any evident thing but still they enjoy their life For example my aunty enjoys sitting home , listening and reading mythological topics .
She enjoys viewing her grand childrens activities a lot and these kind of things can only be tasted at the older age .

On the contrary older people are mostly the victims of some major health problems .
They fail to enjoy the time because of their disabilities .
They are not aware of the modern ways to enjoy and hence limit themselves to the limited sphere of influence .
They also have limited amount of money to finance their trips mandatory for the enjoyment .

Finally i would epitomize it by saying that enjoyment does not sees the age , it just goes after your passion for it .
However old you may be , however scarce you can be , you can always learn the ways to enjoy your life according to the circumstances
ENJOYMENT can be defined in different ways .
According to me , enjoyment or fun is the way one encounters the journey to achieve something , the satisfaction and pleasure with the people around you , etc .

Eventhough older people enjoy their lives in their own ways , I personally agree that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
The youth has enormous eagerness or enthusiasm to explore new things in their lives which they did not encounter in their lives and willingness to experience .
Enthusiasm combined with the energy provides them to explore different things in life such as the latest gadgets , technologies , people which makes their lives more adventurous as well as interesting .
The old people having already experienced much of their lives do not show much enthusiasm like the youth do .

The youth also have their big dreams which they fight to fulfill .
So , they plan their steps in such a way to build those dreams .
The journey they take makes their lives more interesting .
Older people , being already fulfilled or failed in their dreams , do not enjoy as much as younger people do as most of their life has been already used .

The other main point is regarding the risk they are ready to take .
The younger people prefer taking risks be it physical , financial or in any matter .
For an example regarding physical activity such as hiking , skiing , rock-climbing , etc are physical exercises which provides immense pleasure .
These activities cannot be done by older people .
In financial sense such as investments , the younger people prefer to take risks to achieve financial freedom as they wish they can resist the risk and can fall back into normal situation after some months or years .
Older people cannot afford these risks .

Lastly , there are many other things such as the communities , accessories , which younger people enjoy better than older people .
The above points show that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
Most people prefer to travel and get to visit other parts of the world .
Some people travel by their own where they do n't share their decisions with others or get led by them .
Other people travel in a group with a tour guide who can provide them with information about the area they are in if they needed .
A group led by a guide is an effecient and more workeable way of traveling .

When you are traveling with a tour guide who knows the area , you are probably more safe .
This is that the tour tells you what is good and where you should go .
For instant , if a person traveled to a certain city and this city have some places that get dangerous at night .
The tour guide will probably indicates for him the time that he should n't go there and what could happen to him .
Maybe he may get robbed or killed .

Another good aspect of a tour guide is that he will get to take you to the most beautiful places .
He would take you to places and tell you about things that city you are in is famous for .
It is like he will give you a background about it that you may not know .
He will also try to make you as comfortable as he could .

Moreover , you can get a tour guide for a small portion of money .
In other words , you pay little money for someone who will help you .
He would also help you solve some certain problems regarding locations .
For example , if you want to go to a favorite place or you want to do something like playing golf , he will guide you to all the golf clubs in that area and help you get in that club .
He would tell you what you would need to wear , carry , and so forth .

A tour guide is a helpful way of getting to know the area you are in if you are a stranger .
You will have someone who you depend on .
Someone who works as a pithy source of information regarding that particular area .
I dont personally believe that after twenty years there will be fewer cars than there are today .
There can be many claims supporting it .
The world is progressing fast and making advancement in each and every field .
The major advancements are in the field of science and technology .
There has been continuous attempts to improve and develop newer and more cars .

Time is very precious for every individual .
Suppose you have to attend a very important meeting and ypu plan to take a bus or a metro , if you are lucky you get the conveyance the moment you reach , but wat if you just missed the bus .
Then , to your utter dissappointment you will have to wait for the next bus , which obviously means that you 'll reach late at the meeting or will have to miss the meeting , if it happens that that day there all the buses n other conveyance are stopped .
Either of it will put a bad impression on the other staff .
Cars , though not the fastest but are most efficient and easy mode of travel if a person has to travel a short distance .

Now about the long journey like the cross country journey , obviously its not very feasible to use a car for it .
As it will amount to a large petrol consumption and will often be more expensive .
But some people who are nature lover , and enjoy watching nature and greenary prefer using car .
For long distance travel , the flight being cancelled and late can cause a delay and also various other inconvenience to the passengers .
To cater to these needs of a person and most importantly to save time , the demands of the cars are increasing , and thus its number is increasing .

Though we have many efficient and comfortable conveyance like aeroplane , metro train , but at times they may take up more time than cars .
And as the world 's becoming fast day-by-day , our need to save time and thus our need of car is increasing day by day .
The technological development being made also favors and increase to increase profi
The statement refers to a very impotant and also problematic question in our modern society as traffic and connected to that environmental pollution increses .
At this point of time in history it is in my oppinion difficult to make such a prognose about the future because technological progress accelerates .
As a consequence we can not know what and more important when a new vehicle will be invented which is able to partially substitue a car .

According to me their will not be fewer cars in twenty years because the present trend of increasing car numbers and traffic does not change its direction .
Cars have been an essential invention in the past and are now an important part of our daily life .
This is shown bz the fact that especially in the industrialized countries nearlz everz family has one or more car .
We use the car to go shopping , to go to work , to go on vacation and often just to visit a friend a few streets away .
With the invention of cars humans mobility increased .
As nowadays a life without a car is hard to imagine and unsubstituable I think also in twenty years this fact will not have changed .

On the one hand cars have simplified many things in our life and increased our mobility , but at the other hand have contributed to many environmental problems such as the emissions of carbon dioxide which damages the oyone lazer and contributes to global warming .
Government has made restrictions and laws to control the use of cars like taxes and there might be stricter laws in the near future but in my opinion it will take more than twenty years for the people to react to such laws .
Even if oil resources become scarce and oil prices will raise an adaption to this will be very slow .
A reduction of car use when oil prices raise will in my opinion only be short term .

As a conclusion you can say that according to me in the near future there will not be fewer cars because cars have become an unsustitutable part of daily life .
As pollution increases the reduction of cars will be necessary to reduce environmental destruction but this will perhaps be achived in in more than twenty years .
Taking risks is an important part of life .
It involves trying new methods , living in new environments , and learning new experiences .
In my opinion , I certainely believe that to be successful , you always have to challenge yourself with new things to promote your abilities .

When you are routinely doing an activity , you become an expert at it after some time , and you gain no further knowledge about it .
Take for example , a teacher who has been teaching the same seventh grade math curriculum for ten years .
At the start of his work he will be enthusiastic , thriving on new ways to teach , and trying to do his best in class to convey the concept .
In a couple of years time , he might develop new and innovative ways to pass the concept to his students , but after he reaches that , he will have no further motive to enhance because he will have reached a peak .
His teaching methods might even decline .

Consider this same teacher moving to a new school , that teaches math in different ways , or even teaching other levels other than seventh graders .
His new experiences will broaden his knowledge and prospective about the subject , and will make him a more experienced teacher .

Although moving to the new school requires him to take a risk , because he was already known to be good at his old school in the particular grade he taught , moving opened a new and challenging field for him .
It allowed him to learn new approaches , deal with different age groups , and add to his overall teaching experience .
He can be a more successful teacher because he dealt with different areas of his work instead of doing the same thing over and over again .

To be a successful person , you should never let the fear of losing stand in your way .
Always take risks , and seek new opportunities to help you grow and develop in your work environment or community .
Cars are the main means of transport these days in many parts of the world .
But I do not think that this would be a case in twenty years from now .
Many reasons can be stated in support of this thesis .

The first reason is that the cost of fuel is growing at an alarming rate as the petroleum reserves are becoming scarce .
Also there is no alternative to petroleum which is environmental friendly and economical .
This will surely reduce the dependence of middle class on cars .

The second reason is that today 's cities are growing at a rapid pace due to the migration of villagers to the cities in search of better work and living conditions and also due to industrialization .
This will increase the time taken to travel to work and other places .
Also there are traffic jams which can further increase the time .
So people may prefer public transport like the rapid transit system which is cheap and fast .
This will also help in the government in generating more money which it can spend for other useful purposes .

The third reason is that there may be a new invention which can transport people quickly and comfortably .
No type of transport was constantly used from the time of early man .
From horses to automobiles man has come a long way in inventing new types of transport .
After such an invention the car might become a museum exhibit like the horse drawn cabins of the past .

All these points can considerably bring down the number of cars runing on the roads .
Finding out new forms of energy which are both renewable and environmental friendly should be an important concern of today 's governments .
It is a indoubtable fact that people get much older these days than in ancient times .
Though the media try to illustrate the image of a generation of youth where getting old is stigma old people enjoy life more than ever before .

These days old people certainly also enjoy life like younger people do .
Never before the senior generation has had more financial opportunities than it had today .
More poeple than ever before have their own houses and homes they live in .
Whereas young people have to spend huge amounts of their money in building homes or paying rent senior citizen can afford most of their pension for their own needs .
Furthermore , old people do not have to afford the expensive raise of a child which is an enormous burden for young parents .

Old people have much more time to spend than young people .
Due to globalisation young people have to work more and compete with other workers to archieve their goals .
Mostly beeing retired senior citizens have the time to do everything they want .
Maybe they could go for a timeefficient hobby or travel to far places of the world a working person could never go to due to the lack of time .

Thanks to great efforts in modern medicine the older generation can expect to live much longer then we ever did before .
Doctors nowadays can handle even serious medical problems .
The decline in blue-collar workers is also the decline of hard physical work which also led to health problems before .

Globalisation also made possible to travel to almost each place in the world without problems .
Affording more money than any other generation before older people often decide to spend their last time of their lifes in their area where they dreamed of when they were younger .
Neither was a generation before able to do that nor do we know if today 's youth will ever have the opportunity to do it .
Multidisciplinary knowledge always helpful in professional and academic world .
But , this is not always helpful in all the cases specifically in academics .
Specialization in a specific subject is very important in the context of science and technology , where the research is a major point of interest .
Without the specialization it is not possible to built the technological society , in which we are living now and which has been built by efforts of many scietists .
Hence , I disagree with statement which is focusing on broad knowledge of many academic subjects .

If we consider the broad knowledge in many subjects then the student will not be informed completely about any subject .
So , he had very brief knowledge in all the subjects and he will become a generalists in the context of academics .
Specialization in an specific subject will mould the student as a perfectionist in the subject of his interest .
These perfectionists inturn can help the society in their related field .
A science and technology perfectionist can do research and invent new things , which are ultimately intend tp help the society .
Without the specialists or the perfectionists we would not have developed the transportation vehicles such as trucks , cars etc. , communication systems on which we are depended a lot in our daily life in the present world , and the medicines or drugs which are quiet helpful in alleviating the suffereing .
But , only one specialist cannot produced a newthing , he takes help from many other specialists form other related fields so that he make a product in efficient manner .

There are many universities in the which are offering undergraduate honors degrees , which comprises of many academic subjects to give an basic knowledge of different subjects with a major focus on a specific degree , which has been taken by the student .
But , incase of graduate studies , the universities mainly offer specialization programs .
The undergraduate program create an interest of subject in the mind of student so that he choose between a pool of graduate courses by showing the projects in the field of interest he had completed in undergraduate .
So , ultinately the specialization is matters a lot to settle down in a competitive world .

Specialization plays very major role and it is highly respected in the professional world .
For example , if software company got a problem with their server , then they have to call up the service who can able to solve the problem .
Eventhough the functions and working of server are well known by the software engineers , who are employed by the company , they are not the persons to handle and solve the problem .
So , specialist the service engineer here can solve the problem .

To sum I will not agree with the statement and I always support the specialists , who are quiet helpful to the socie
Will there be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there is today ?
This is an important question to which many people would like to answer .
We will see that some arguments supports this idea and other does not .

The price of gas has increadibly raised during the last few years .
This made the fact of having a car not affordable to many people .
If the price continues to increase gas will become a very luxuous product and it is not the car that will be expensive , but the gas you use to make it work !
Then there will be fewer cars in use .
This tendancy is already there , because some people have a car but do not use them as often as they did because they cannot buy the gas .

A big problem that we have nowadays is pollution .
Because of that many decisions have to be taken in order to prevent the planet from dying .
One source of pollution is the gas that get out of the cars .
Some cities already took mesures in order to protect their areas and their environment , such as London .
Now you have to pay to get into the city .
Then many people let their car outside of the city and take the bus , which pollutes less because more people use it at once .
Another example is what you can find in the United States .
On the motorways some lines are only for cars with at least two people inside .
And most of the time these lines are the fastest !
It then encourage people to share their cars .
Then we can see that having less cars in use will probably become necessary if we want our planet to survive .

On the other hand people need to use their car more and more .
The main explanation is that nowadays you change job very often and people travel more .
If someone has a job , buy a house and a car , what should he do if he changes job ?
should he buy a new house each time ?
It is not a realistic solution .
He will have to use his car to go to work .
There is not only for the job that you need your car .
People like to do many cultural activities or they like to travel .
For all of that most of the time you need a car .
For all this reasons of freedom and independance , it is not sure that there will be fewer cars in the next twenty years .

I think that it is possible that there will be fewer cars in twenty years because of the price of the gas and the pollution problems .
It will become a necessity for the planet .
On the other hand as people really need their car , nothing will change unless some measures are taken such as better public transportation , but not only in one city but within them , without forgetting lands and very small towns .
Teachers are constantly asking themselves whether it is more important that their students should understand abstract concepts rather than learning facts .

These two thesises were in fact respectfully defended by Montaigne and Rabelais : the first believed in a well made mind whereas the latter a filled mind , for surely it is better that a student goes out in society and in the world knowing by heart facts in their head rather than having an empty mind .
Yet , I believe that it is preferable to have a well made mind that are open enough to understand concepts and that Montaigne praised so much about .

Most parents , however , believe that their children should go to school to learn mathematics , know the dates of historic battles , know that names of famous writers so that the children would sound highly accomplished as they would be able to show off their knowledge , which as Erasmus stated is `` power '' .
This would generally imply that the objectives of going to school would be to gather facts .
Yet what would be the use of accumulating them if the students do not grasp the meaning ?
Thus , instead of being supercilious , they would make fools out of themselves and would be dismissed as false machines , in other terms useless to the world .

Indeed , what is then the use of having such portable dictionnairies when one would usually be in possession of such books in their reach ?
Furthermore , with the frequent use of the internet , various information that we did not learn and that are needed could be found in a matter of a minute .
Thus , it is not required for a person to recite facts especially that his or her memory could not be entirely depended upon .

What the world needs which neither a dictionnary nor any machine could provide is the use of one 's intelligence to ensure that he or she takes the most righteous or practical actions or decisions .
Such a capacity could be provided with a well made mind and also with an experienced one .
Of course , it is important to have some knowledge and learn ideas and concepts to forge one 's way of reflecting and to gradually allow them to take their own personal minds up but this could not be done unless they have a well made mind .
This education for a well made mind would allow them to understand new ideas and concepts and fully grasp them .

Therefore , it can be said that is it more important for the students to generally have the capacity to understand ideas rather than learning facts .
I totally agree with the statement , the best way to to have a nice travel is to go in a group and also to have a good tour guide .
When we think about the possibility to do a travel we have to consider differents aspects one of those is the place where we want to go , also if it is good to be alone or in group and also , what we want to do on that place and how to do it .

First , went we choose a place of dentination we have to consider aspects like the time that we have .
When we do a travel in a group all the activities are very coordinated .
The travel led by a tour are the best idea when you want to know a new place .

The tour guide is the person specialides on this kind of jobs because they have the knowledge of the place that you want to visit , that have a clear understanding of the history of that place , also the right places to visit , what to eat and what to buy as a souvenir .
they give a comprehensive tour for that place that you want to know completly .

For example the last weekend i went to Mexico with a goup of frients and we have just few days to enjoy the new country and also to have contact with the city and the people .
So the best ideas was to take a tour by the city with a specilized person , The city was Guanajuato , and this place of the country has a rich history to meet .
That tourist guide really know about the city .
He explained about the historica aspects of this city , we went to the target places to the city and also we took the most beautiful picture in the especial places , because of his orientation .
It was an amazing travel , and we did that travel in just one day ; Definilly to hire that person was the best ideas because in other way we could not see all that we did .
I met to the mommis , the callejon of the kiss , the statu of the pipila , and more .

So in my personal opinion and depending on which plan you travel the best idea is to go in a group because you can reduce costs on your travel , you have the opportunity to meet new people , and you enjoy more also the tour guide is an important key to get a complete knowledge of the new place .

Depening of what kind of person you are , you choose the sort of travel that you want to do but the most important thing is to enjoy the new experience .
I totally agree with this statement , i think it is much more important to understand an idea than to learn facts .
When a student understands a concept , it means that is very clear in his mind and that he could explain it in a different way or relate it with another subject .
Moreover , when someone understands an idea , he learns the facts much easier because they are logically related to this idea .
For example , in a history class , if i try to learn some inportant dates without understanding the course , i will have difficulties and i will forget them a couple of days later .
If i understand the course , i will learn those same facts easier because they are all logically connected so i will be able to remember those dates a long time after .

It is more important for students to understand the idea of a particular topic than to learn specific dates because once you understand a course , you do not forget it easily .
That is why students should try to understand what the course is about before learning facts .
There is no use to learn facts without being able to explain it .

When i was in highschool , i used to hate mathematics because it was for me just learning formulas and writting them downon the exam day .
So when i had a test , i could give the formula but i did not know when , where and how to use it .
My teacher noticed that i was learning my formulas in a `` silly '' way , like a machine as he said , and he told me to spend much more time at home trying to find out how does that work .
That is what i did and from that day , i stopped to learn facts that i could n't understand in all the other courses .
Now i always try to understand first which is much more exciting and it takes less time and less pain .
Students always discusss the what we learn from this lessons and always ask each other that can we understand main subjects or concepts .
However these are the wrong questions .
The right questions must be taht it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than to learn facts .
I believe that to be able to understand main ideas and concepts is more important to see more easilly see and understand facts of the life and to apply the concepts daily life

Firstly ; to understand the main concepts and ideas is important to learn basic pincibles of the lessons and world .
Knowing only the facts is not benificial to see how thi fact is formed .
Hwever ; if students learn main concepts and ideas they can see and find their facts easily .
To illustrate , without knowing and understanding ideas conceppts of Newton 's law student can not explain the reason falling of an apple from tree .

Secondly , for the following life of students , business life , knowing only the facts is not enough .
At business life , people face with different problems so without understanding concepts of the subjects a oeron can not solve the problem that faced with .
To illustrate in an cement factory , temperature of the kiln must be preserved and controlled .
if there is a problem an engineer shoul b solve the problem .
To solve the problem , it is not enough the know temperature change will give damage the system .
An enginer must be understand all system and basic princibles of the kiln and other instrument of the kiln .
Furthermore , he orshe must be understand basic concepts of teh energy to attempt th problem .

To sum up , for students understanding only facts is not enough .
Besides knowing facts , students should be learn and understand basic ideas and concepts of the subjects and matters .
This makes easy to daily life in business wo
It has been such a long time since I completed my academic education and has been working as a professional that it is impossible for me not to agree with this statement .
Sooner or later school comes to an end and professional world starts .

In the Turkish educational system you have to decide on what you want to do at a very early age and that decision does not always turn out to be the ` right ' one for you .
What are you suppose to do when you realise that you have made the wrong decision at the very beginning .
It is very hard to start from all over again .

As an experienced professional I belive having a broad knowledge of many academic subjects is always better than specializing in one specific subject , for it gives you the space , in other words the freedom you need until you decide what you really want to do .

It will be easier for a person with many aspects to get a job in the professional world rather than wait for the ` specific ' opportunity .
When one applies for a job it will be to his benefit to be aware of many subjects , for the bosses are usually looking for young people with a broad vision , eager to learn and capable of applying what they have learned .

I also believe that after deciding that one is on the right path , specializing in that field is inevitable if one wants to promote .
I would like to finish with giving an example from myself ; I graduated from business administration , I worked in a travel agency , in a factoring company and at the moment working for a non-profit organization as an expert on the European Union and I owe all this to the broad knowledge of many academic subjects I learned in school .
It may be a rel problem , if young people do not feel responsible for their social environment .
But it remains the question , if this is really the fact .
One might think , that teenagers only want to spend a good time , and therefore they tend to neglegt their social tasks , which everybody who lives in a society has to fulfill .
They are to much occupied in having fun with some friends or lerning for school or univesity .
Therefore it would be important to give more incentives or commitements to the young people to help their communities .

But in my opinion this is not the fact at all .
I think that there are several ways somebody can contribute to a community and I think a lot of youg people do so .
This is because there are some activities which are likely to be made , that means there are cases , where helping is n't only work , but instead of this also a lot of fun .
Thus , helping in the community can sometimes be seen as a hobby , where one can gather experience for his life .
It is also possible to meet some friends while working , or also to get to know new friends .

As an example , I would think about the work in the teenage section of a political party .
On the one hand the positve work of such groups indicate a benefit for the community , on the other hand it is also a great opportunity to lern about the life .
So for interested teenagers , this is a good option , which is n't only theoretical , but can also be found in the reality .

Furthermore , there are several young people who start as trainers in the local sports teams .
It is often the case , that they do this , because there is a younger family member in a team , which they want to support , but obviously they thereby help others as well .
In cases like this , one teenager can follow his own hobby and by the way he is able to do a good job either in the family and the society .

Of course one has to be aware of the fact , that although there is plenty of kids who help in their community , there are always some others who do nothing like that .
But I think it is unfair to say that everbody spends too less time for helping others , because it 's always worth mentioning the helpful ones as well .
And of course there are lot of teenagers like that .
Today , the major means for transportation is automobile .
Especially in Europe and America , a family may own up to 4 cars for a household of four people .
When added together , it makes a whole lot of cars out there .
But the main reason behind this is that owning a car is the most convenient way to get around , and since it is private property , you can use it anytime you want .
I believe that the number of cars may decrease in twenty years ' time for some reasons .

The first reason is more like sci-fi .
As we are introduced to a new technology everyday , it is plausible enough to dream of a different means of transportation as convenient and private as a car , such as private helicopters .
I have to admit twenty years may not be long enough for scientists to invent small enough helicopters that would fit the roofs of suburban houses .
But as I said , it is plausible , at least to me .

The more solid reasons why I believe that there will be fewer cars in near future concern ecological , demographic and environmental issues .
It is already obvious that the world is becoming over-populated , especially at city centers .
At such places , the traffic is jammed more than anywhere else .
Dangerous gases that cars produce not only pollute the air , they also affect the course of climates , changing .
They also harm the health of people .
It could be argued that we can get rid of the pollution by using fuels other than gas , but the problem of traffic would still remain , hence it would not be a complete solution .
Concerned scientists and engineers are already thinking about ways to lessen the number of cars .
One good way to do that is to establish better means of public transportation : wide enough to reach anywhere a person may want to go at all hours of the day .
Such a solution would avoid traffic jams and cause less air pollution .

With a good public transportation , especially if it costs cheaper than gas , people would be encouraged to use it instead of cars .
Hence , the number of cars would decrease in near future .
I believe this change will take place in near future and we will hopefully see less cars on the roads .
There are many successful poeple in various fields in this world .
It can be business , sports , arts , or science .
However , there is a common thing that those successful people have : successful pople try new things , take risks , and also respect the traditions and the old ways that have been known for a long time .

For example , a tennis player cannot start creating a new way of hitting spine serve without knowing how to hit the ball properly .
The player has to go thorough the tough steps of learning basic hitting techniques before doing something new .
Therefore , knowing and respecting the traditions and the old ways is the fundemental step for the person to be successful .

However , just knowing about the past is not good enough for most cases .
Here , I will use an example of a researcher in biology lab .
Even if the researcher obtained good grades during his/her undergraduate level and have great ability of learning what other scientists have done in the past , the researcher is not granteed to be a successful scientist if she/he lacks the ability of creativity .
So , the ability to apply what the person have learned about the traditions and the old ways into new things is the second important element to be successful .

Taking risk may be the third element to be successful ; however , it is not the case in some fields .
For example , a doctor with a great knowledge and ability to adopt it cannot take risks to cure his/her patients if the doctor 's attempting and taking risks result in a number of patients ' death .
However , it is also true that surgents and physicians often take risks in operation room in order to help thier patients .

Finally , being successful is not neccessary important , and maybe it is not something other people judge if the person is successful or not .
As long as the person is satisfied with his/her life and provides a great influences for the world , the person can be considered as `` successful '' .
No , I do n't agree completely with the statement that in twenty years , there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
I have many reasons that support my argument .

Firstly , there is no immediate reason why people are going to do away with cars in another twenty years .
Car is one of the most commonly used automobile these days , humans use it for many of their daily purposes and a whole industry thrives on this .
And car is a symbol of status in some of the developing countries even today .
And the way technology is progressing by leaps and bounds , one can only imagine the various levels of comforts and advantages a car provides in contrast to any other vehicle .
But , as any study on the problems plaguing the road transport would rightly indicate , cars are creating some problems that may prompt anyone to suggest their ` extinction ' .
There might be several reasons for the author to give this statement , some positive and the rest indicating the ill effects of usage of car .

One reason that might have prompted the author to state that the fate of cars in use is going to sealed , in the next twenty years , is that nowadays we are trying to find alternate means of road transport , because of various problems a car poses today .
Definitely , a huge amount of research is going on this direction , to find better and better means of transport , that will subside or eliminate the use of cars and their corrent problems .
But noone would disagree that at the same time , lots of efforts are going on to address the current problems cars are posing , and thus making car a better vehicle .

Coming to the problems cars are posing these days , the first thing that evinces is the pollution caused .
Automobiles cause a lot of pollution and cars do form a lion 's share of this .
But , research is giving sufficient attention to this , alternate ways to avoid the use of petrol and deisel as the fuel for cars and other automobiles , are being studied and experimented .
We already have some cars running on the roads using solar energy or biodiesel for fuel , which though are in their infant stages , provide attractive prospects for cars in the future .
Moreover , these alternatives may , who knows , eventually make the car a better vehicle than what it is at present .

Another reason is possibly the traffic problems posed by the increasing cars .
Governments are encouraging people to let their cars rest in the garrages , atleast on some days of a week , so that both pollution and traffic problems can be attenuated .
But even these problems plague the whole of automobile industry , and the only way to control this is by having proper strategy for all the automobile , not cars alone .
Further , an attempt to amelirate the current situtation of road traffic should work towars making the roadways more effective as a whole by better management and other means .
Just trying to avoid the usage of cars wo n't do .

Thus , from some of the plausible reasons put forward in the above argument , it can be said that cars are not going anywhere in the next twenty years , but they are going to have the same dominant role they are playing now in the road transport .
Further , I suggest that if the tone with which the author has given this statement would have helped much more in the analysis .
Yes , i strongly agree with the statement .
Successful people always try news things , implementing them at a great risk .
These people will always try to develop new ideas , implement them and create them incredible to the world .
In the process , they keep an eye on the previous experiences they had , rather than the people who just think about how to do , what to do and what not to do .

For example , the person who organise & co-ordinate the events for the first time , does n't get good appreciation for the work he did due to lack of experience .
But , he is successful because he has done the program to his best and even gets lot of satisfaction .
Moreover , he even gains the managerials skills , responsibilty to face the failures , communication skills interacting with other people around the world like getting sponors for the event , as a part of process .
Moreover , he can even get the managerial skills like managing the things effeciently and do the things in time with consistence .

Later on , he goes with the same project next year with all his previous expericenes and oragnises the event successful making an incredible work , none yet done ever before .
He even gets lot of support and encouragement from his fellow humans who guide him all the way along motivating him to the desired field of his interest .

The successful people are the only people who takes responsibilty and risk factors beyond the imagiantion .

Moreover , the positive attitude , zeal to work hard for long hours and getting pratice in that particular course of study gives much detail information , knowledge , expericence and satisfaction .
Thus , he is the successfull person rather than the person who doesnt do anything and doesnt work hard to get success and progress .
Instead , the unsuccessful people just thinks about what to do ? , how to do ?
and what not to do ?
The unseccessful people doesnt get progress as they are not interested and concern with that particular program or event being irresponsibility .

Finally , the successful people get much appreciation for their incredible work , implementing new things with a major risk factor .
whereas the unsuccessful people never get progress in their lifetime .
In my opinion , the car and other vehicles used for transportation have a central position in our modern society .
The use of cars will therefore not decrease but even grow in the future .
To ensure that development being sustainable we have to make great efforts in science and technology .

First of all , I am convinced that transport in general is the heart of our modern world economy .
The globalisation of our world has only been possible because of a broad and intensive use of cars , trucks , ships and other vehicles .
Within this process the structure of our modern economies got more and more focused on cheap transport and mobility .

Second , cars a an important part of the people 's daily life in every modern society .
We use cars to travel , to work , to go shopping and even to compete against each other ( e.g. in motocar races ) .
Beside that , it is an important status symbol for many upper and middle class people .
In my opinion , the importance and therefore the demand for cars will increase substantially on a worldwide scale - especially in developing countries as China or India where the new emerging middle class is heading for private cars .

But there are also problems with a possibly growing number of cars around the world : First of all , the exhaust fumes and production process will cause a lot of environmental damage .
The second problem that arises is the question how all those cars and vehicles can be fueled .
The worldwide quest for petroleum and oil , from which gas for cars is made of , is growing higher and higher .

To challenge those two problems , scientists and car producers have to concentrate on doing research to find alternatives to the current car concepts .
There are promising ideas and experiments , but still no revolutionary new concept to assure a sustainable use of transportation vehicles in the future .
Finding those alternatives is absolutely necessary to further enjoy the benefits the car brings to different societies and economies around the world .
Advertisements are a huge impact in today 's society .
They impact greatly on the decisions people make when choosing one thing over the other .
they can make one person change their mind about a thought they were holding very strong or make that thought even more stronger .
I agreee with the fact that advertisements make products seem much better than what they really are .

When looking at an advertisement people look on how this add makes a product look , the color , the person on it , the letters , many things influence a persons perception on the product by just looking at the advertisement .
If an advertisement is very colorful it might make a person thing oh this product is fun or it seems like very easy to use .
If in contraty it is very simple , the person may look at the product as boring or very lame .
also whoever is on the add can affect this , if we see a celebrity we might wanna use this product just so that we look as pretty as they do The problem with very well designed advertisement is that the prodcut may not be as well designed .
Many pepople when they see an advertisement that calls their attention alot , tend to assume that the products works just as well as the add was put together , and in many cases this is not true .

In my opinion I think advertisements make look product so much better that they really are .
In my own experience I have encountered this problem .
Once before i wanted to change my brand of sahmpoo and as i was looking at a TV add and I saw a particular kind of shampoo that callled my attention a lot because in the add there was a calebrity displaying how her hair looked after using this shampoo .
It callled my attention so much I thought my hair was going to look like that if I bought it .
I bought the shampoo and I came to find out my hair became very oily on the roots and very dried at then ends , nothing like what it looked like on that particular celebrity .
I was really dissapointed .

I think that when purchasing a product that we want to be of great quality , adds should be the last part we focus on .
We as potential buyers for any industry should focus more on personal experiences people have had with this product or just by doing some research .
Adds do not show the true quiality of a product all it does is make it more falshy so that people spend their money on it .
I agree that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
I think most of the advertisements are to trick people .
First of all , advertisements are made to appeal their products to people .
When the companies make advertisements , it must appeal what is so good about their products and attract people to buy it .
So they emphasize , sometimes exagerate , good parts of the products so that people will know what is cool about the products .
Of course , they do n't highlight any bad parts of the products .
As a result , when customers buy the products and find out that there are some bad parts , which were never mentioned in the advertisements .
When this happens people find that advertisements made products seemed much better than they really are .

For example , let 's say that there are two advertisements about two erasers .
One says `` This is the best eraser ever invented . ''
And the other one says `` This eraser is better than normal erasers . ''
I think most of the people will buy the eraser that was advertised as the best eraser .
Probably there is not much difference in those two .
But it is better than buying `` little above average '' eraser .
But in this case , apparently the advertisement made the eraser seem much better than they really are .

I bought a mechanical pen , that was advertised that they wo n't get my hands tired .
But when I used the pen , I did n't feel any difference from using the other pens .
It made my hands tired .
I did n't have a high-expectation for the products , so I was fine about it .
But this was a good example of products being not what they were supposed to be according to the advertisement .

Even though that advertisements do n't give very accurate idea of the products , people know that most advertisements exagerate their products as a common sense .
So I do n't think there is a major problem to overadvertise their products .
I do agree with the statement that most advertisements do in fact make products seem much better than they really are .
The reasons I think this is true are as follows .

Firstly , most advertisements always highlight positives of the product but do not mention any associated `` cons '' of the product .
Although it is true that without stressing on positives , the product would not sell , but leaving out details do not give complete information about the product .
For example , a Macdonalds advertisement would highlight the `` experience at an afforable cost '' but would not mention anything about the trans-fat content of the products which could have ill-effects on health of the consumer .

Secondly , advertisements use associations to sell a product and leads consumers to believe that acquisition of the product would materialize the association .
For example , the `` Air Jordan '' shoes marketed by Nike sold the association of having the `` ability to play like Michael Jordan '' using the Air Jordan shoes .
We all know that it requires a lot more talent and ability than a pair of shoes to play like Jordan .
Hence , the association always ends up glorifying the true benefit of the product .

Another reason that results in misplaced information about a product given the advertisement is the use of celebrity models in advertisements to sell products .
Even though the product might need a particular attribute in the customer ( for example a fit body ) to be beneficial to the customer , the customer does not sense that on seeing the advertisement .
They rarely recognize that what looks good on supermodels like Cindy Crawford might not necessarily look good on them .

Given the above mentioned reasons , I would agree that most advertisements make products seem much better that they really are .
I will agree to the statement that `` It is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts '' .
If we learn ideas and understand concepts then we can question those ideas which would lead to new way of thinking and lead to discover new things .
If we learn facts then there is nothing much to change either you know the answer or you do not , but if you new the concept that leads to the fact then the student would use that concept to arrive at the answer .
For example if the student wanted to know the circumference of a pentagon then if the student only learned facts the he may have forgotten the equation , but if a student knew that circumference of any object was the total length of the sides then he can add the length of each side and get the answer .

The importance of education is not in knowing the capitals of all countries nor in learning the entire science book by heart but to use , what the student has learned in the school , in his every day life , to better his life , to use it when faced with a challenge and come out winning .
Learning facts may help you sometimes in your life but completely understanding the subject will always help you .

There are six basic questions to everything - when ?
where ?
why ?
how ?
what ?
which ?
If you knew the answer to only one question then the education would be incomplete , only by understanding the entire concept will the student know all the answers and the exact meaning of a subject .

lastly on a broader note , for a society to evolve and progress in culture and education we need new ideas , new concepts because if we do not develop new ideas we would still believe that Earth was flat and was the center of the universe , this way of thinking would have had a detrimental effect on humans as a whole and we would still be living like animals .
Traffic in big cities is the source of a lot of bad consequences .
The environmental pollution is the most noticeable , but also side-effects on drivers ' health are evident ( e.g. , stress caused by traffic jams ) .
All this is due to the large usage of cars by private citizens .
Improving public transportation services or providing suitable incentives to prevent people from riding alone also for short movements could contribute to solve this problem .

Pollution caused by gases released by the cars while moving endangers a lot the planet where we live , also by warming the weather .
The exhaustion of the petroleum resources on the planet is paving the way to research about alternative propellents .
They have been studied for the last twenty years ; unfortunately , they take to an increase in the cost of the engines too high to permit they are included in mass production .
I think that this solution would only solve part of the problem .

A better solution would consist in improving public transportation services .
In many parts of the world these are still insufficiently deployed or unreliable ( in Italy trains are rarely on time ) .

However , my opinion is that the most effective strategy would consist in educating people .
People should use cars only when effectively needed ( many of them use cars for very short movements ) .
In addition , novel possibilities , e.g. , car pooling or car sharing , should be supported by incentivating people to exploit them .
The usage of a car by a single people takes to great resource waste .

I am not sure whether in the next twenty years the use of the cars will diminish .
I rather believe that some solutions need to be found to make the statement become true .
The education of people not to use cars for short movements or to exploit sharing strategies , and a drastic improvement of public transportation are the most effective solutions I advise .
It can not be made a true statement that young people enjoy lide more than older people do .
Everyone enjoys life in a different way .
Yet , it is true that young people have more energy and willingness to do new things and experiment , that does not mean that they enjoy life more than older people do .
it all depends on one 's view of life , and how is is going to be enjoyed .

For some people enjoying life can be lay doing in the grass in the middle of a forest and observe the sky for the whole day .
However , for other people that could be considered be considered as a boring and even an annoying thing to do ; they would rather go and play soccer .
everything depends on what one likes and one 's view of what enjoying life is .

It is true that young people have less experience and much more energy and wish to do and experiment new things in life , and enjoy experimenting new sensations ; the experience that a mature adult has lets him make it 's own prototipe of what a enjoyable life is like .
Young people are always learning new things and learning comes from experimenting and experiencing new things .
Young people are often considered risky too , since they do n't know much about life and have not matured completely yet ; they enjoy taking risks in life and assuming the consequences is the part that most of the young people do n't like .

From my personal experience i can say that it is not true that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
When i lived with my dad i remember that me and my dad used to spend a lot of time together and he always had just as much fun as i did , or even more .
And i did n't find quite enjoyable to go out with my dad , however , he did ; everything is about tastes and the way you see life .
If you enjoy life reading , somebody else might find reading boring and he would play football instead .
I am under the impression that advertisements in general do not make people believe that the products that they aim at selling is better than they really are .
Actually , as far as I am concerned , I think that the purpose of an advertisement is to emphasize the qualities of a good .
Of course , an advertisement will not highlight the defects of a good because it will not be attractive for people .
The fact that a product is in reality not so better as it seemed is just a question of perception : it is a subjective problem .
This brings us to the matter of the subjectivity .

Actually , one consumer can be satified by a good that he has bought whereas another consumer will not .
The satisfaction about a good 's qualities is to be linked with what every consumer research in it .

It seems to me that there are no general rules that tell anyone what qualities are to be found in a specific good .
It is up to each consumer to make up its mind .

In that sense , to answer this question , we should make an opinion poll to know the peoples 's opinion about the qualities they expected from the product and what they really think once they have received it .

Moreover I would like to mention the fact that before buying , you always have got the possibility to ckeck the product so that you can see by yourself if the product is what you expect it to be .

I get the feeling that a good advertisement can make you think that what you will buy is a good product whereas in reality it is not .
For example , if you buy a product that everybody knows because everybody has seen its advertisement , there will be a such phenomenom that everybody will want to possess it .
This is the case of products that are said to be fashion .
No matter how the qualities of the good are : because the advertisement is well-known and attractive , the fact that it might not be a good product does not matter .
The fact that this product is attractive prevails .
But one must bear in mind that in that case , the product is said to be good because you possess the last new product of a company and not because the product in question has real qualities .

To put it into a nutshell , one could conclude by saying that the advertisement of a product has taken so much importance nowadays that it could make us forget to ckeck if we really need it and if it satisfies us .
The statements touches upon a very contraversial topic .
It is true that young people spend more time on parties and traveling than the old people .
However , I completely disagrees with the idea that young people enjoy life more than the older people do .
I have many reasons for my belief .

It is true that because of age a older person would not be able to enjoy the party life and traveling around the world .
But it is equally true that not only physical activities , but also other activities contribute to the definition of `` enjoying life to its fullest '' .
To give an example , I had a mathematics professor who helped me prepared for compitive exams and standadised tests out side the syllabus .
Although he was retiered , he had a true passion for maths and even at age of eighty he used to solve many challenging puzzles and do recreational mathematical work .
Apart from mathematics , he also had a group of friends , with whom he used to play cards and always participate in various district and national level compititions in chess .
He also kept visiting his two sons once every year and taught his grandsons the secretsof leading a successful life .
From all these and many more activities , he derived the immense pleasure of leading a healthy life .

On the otherhand , consider the yonger generation , where many people commit numerous crimes in the name of having fun in life .
These people suffer severely , when they have to face the punishments offered by the law for their arrogant attitude .
We can find numerous examples of young people commiting inexcusable crimes and facing the punishment for life .
On the contrary , in such cases the young people have to face more sorrows in life than the old people do .

I strongly believe , that to enjoy life , one must have the ability to give joy to other people and share thier sworrows , in whatever small ways possible .
On can achive the ultimate joy of life only if he is successful in creating a harmony in the community around himself .
And I strongly believe there is no age limit to do this , and hence there is no age limit to be happy in life .
To a certain extent I agree with the statement that it is better to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
In order to equip oneself with the basic information on life , science and people , the knowledge about all the areas is mandatory .
I also belive that after gaining breadth of all the subjects , one should persue some area of her interest in order to gain specialization .

It is highly important to have broad knowledge of many subjects as most of the subjects are inter-related .
The knowledge about one subject is needed to understand the other subject .
For example : science , in order to understand the concepts of science the basic knowledge of mathametics is mandatory and this knowledge of mathematics gives a better perspective and vision of science .

Also , knowledge about many subjects helps to understand other areas of education .
A student specializing in mathematics would remain unaware of his histotrical background or would remain unaware about the laws of nature if the basic education of history and science is not imparted to him .

The broad knowledge of many academic subjects also gives an individual an opportunity to identify her area of interest .
Lack of knowledge on a subject would never expose a potential student to that subject and he would remain unaware .

When the broad knowledge of many subjects are important , it is also important to specialize in one area of interest to sustain in today 's competitive world .
In today 's era , people are highly competitive and just the basic broad knowledge of subjects would not earn a respected living .
It is required to specialize in one area and at the same time having the breadth of information about other subjects .
This subject could be considered as a mixed blessing for society and for me .
I agree with this statement but also being old have disadvantages it does not mean that older people not enjoy life .
Altough young people have more available for fun from their health , there are also older people like young childerens in their sixties .

I agree that young people enjoy life more than older people .
To begin with , young people have more abilities and energy to spend their times and acting a active role in the social activities .
They can go wherever they want and they can enjoy with the society like concerts , cinemas , theatres .
Also they are spending most of their times with their friends at school so they are always in a communicaton .
On the other hand , older people have not got the full physical abilities like youngs as they they are old .
They can not even walk without any help so they can not be able to see their friends for talking and sharing , resting and strolling .
So when teenagers want to have fun there could not be a chance for them so they become uncomfortable becouse they need to walk , run , talk as they also have the responsibility of being a teenager .

On the other hand there are some exceptionals both for older and younger people .
Some teenagers do not like being with other people and they do not love anything .
So I do not understand how they can enjoy life without loving anything to do and complaining about getting bored .
Despite of being older , I can see them , especially woman , in their sport cars and driving through most popular avenues , shopping with their friens , play games , having parties .

To summerise , we should not consider the statement like young people always enjoy life more than older people do because it is not something related with the age .
It is something coming from the inside of the people and have the ability to know how to enjoy life .
In twenty years from now the world is going to change drastically in many ways and one of the ways will be the means of conveyance that one is using to commute .
I agree with the fact that the personal means of conveyance like the cars will decrease in number .
People will start preferring public transport means like metro rails , trains , etc .

With the increasing traffic problems in countries especially like India people have started preferring public traonsport like trains to their personal cars .
In a recent survey conducted it was shown that the number of people who prefer trains to their cars have increased by 9 % in the past three years .
Because of the commotion on the streets because of the large number of vehicles if one has to reach a place some 10km away he has to leave an hour ago to reach the place on time while in trains he can reach the place in 15mins .
This saves a lot of his time and he can be sure of reaching the place on time .

Secondly with the increasing awareness for pollution control , the cars that are a major contribution to pollution should be checked .
Pollution control is very essential to control the temperature of the Earth ( Global Warming ) .
The temperature of Earth is rapidly increasing which if continues to rise will melt the Antarctica and then Earth would become extinct .
Pollution is one of the major cause of this temperature increase .
Cars cause a lot of pollution and in order to check pollution the number of cars in the coming years is bound to decrease .
Studies have showed that Earth 's temperature has shown a rapid rise in the past two-three years and it is mainly due to pollution .
The cars play a major role in polluting the air .
So the number of cars on the streeets will soon be controlled .

With the decrease in the resources like petroleum and diesel which will become extinct in few years if not controlled effectively , it is expected that the number of cars on the streets will reduce giving way to public transport that uses electricity .
Cars that run on diesel and diesel and petroleum will reduce in number to put these limited resources to better use .

There are cars that run on electricity but still for other reasons like traffic commotion ; coming twenty years will record a fall in the number of cars .
Time waits for nobody so public transport that saves time will be more in vogue that the cars in the recent years .
It is less important for students to understand ideas and concepts than it is for then to learn facts .
Learning facts are more important than comprehending ideas or concepts because ideas and concepts come from facts one has learned .

A typical example for this will be Hitler and the jewish people .
Without the Allies revealing the secret of what the nazis have done to the jews , the gory , unnecessary holacaust would have been buried and never revealed again .
Because the Allies found out the Axis movements , new ideas and concepts have been stated and listed .
Since facts came out , the ideas came too .

Another perfect example will be students learning history .
By gaining knowledge of horrible events that has happened in the history , such as slavery , asssassination of the best presidents , World War II , the Cold war , or the Vietnamese war , students will have more knowlegde and facts to form more opinions .
New society with more ideas can only be constructed through students attaining more and more facts .

To construct , or at least attempt to construct an utopian community or a better world will only be possible if facts are learned , and brand new ideas are formed .
Original concepts , mixed with facts are the two most important factors to create the society .
A house will be a typical example .
If the house is a life , the frames and the base will be the facts , and all the other fancy materials , such as windows , flooring , et cetra , will be the ideas .
Without the frames , it is impossible to have the fancy materials to stand .

Therefore , is it much more important for students to learn facts rather than comprehending ideas or concepts .
Because without the facts , Existence of ideas and concepts will be not allowed .
It is essential to have broad knowledge of many academic subjects in order to specialize in one specific subject .
Once an indivudual has accquired a reasonable amount of knowledge on different academic subjects , concentrating on a specific area of interest can be estremely beneficial .

A teenager that wants to study medicine has to complete four to five years of med-school in order to specialize on a specific area of medicine .
This is simply an example which can be applied to any other career choice in order to demonstrate the importance of a how general knowledge and common sense contribute to the success of any professional .

When someone concentrates all their attention on a specific subject , he is creating a social barrier for himself .
This social barrier consists on the following : when attending a social event , the communication this individual will have will be limited to his specific subject of interest .
He/she will not be able to have great imput in a conversation between the people present because he/she will be focused on another subject most of the time .

When attending college , this changes .
In my opinion , it is ideal to take one or two years of basic studies or liberal arts in order to have a strong base and be successful the following years .
On the other hand , any professional that wants to be prosperous in his career , will have to , at one point or another , focus most of his attention on his major or profession .
This does not mean that he/she will have to alienate himself from the world in order to do so .

`` Knowledge equals power '' , and in order to say that someone is knowledgable , he has to have a vast scheem of interests and passions .
When a balance in education and knwoledge is achieved , power and prosperity is the next step .
People can be successful in many fields such as arts , sports , or study .
In my opinion , successful people have enthusiasm that leads them to try and achieve something that seems challenging while other are just being lazy .
As if there is a saying , '' no pain , no gain . ''
.

First of all , I would like to say that people who are successful are challenging taking risks .
In my country , there was a famous swimmer .
He was very famous , especially when he was young .

He used to take all of the medals from the competitions and was considered as the best swimmer in my country .
He was very eager to try the father distance to swim .
after he retired , despite his age ( 40 ) he tried to swim across the river in Korea .
The river was the biggest in Seoul , and the every scenes were being aired on TV .

Even though he looked very hard , people could see that he would success to swim across the river .
After the success , he tried another river and also to the island near the mainland .
Actually , after that , he failed by tireness and long distances , but he kept trying to achieve his goal with his challening spirits .

Secondly , successful people have common in their willngness .
What I mean by that is that people who are successful have strong wills .
There is a singer who is very famous in Korea and Asia .
When I saw him first , he was ugly .
Many people thought that he would probably not be popular and quit the job as a singer .
But his capability to dance and sing was so amazing that people were surprized .
after getting popularity , he had lots of interviews and he used to say that even if he is ugly , he promised himself that he would success as a singer by his talents .
Now he is a attractive and talented singer in Asia .
He never gave up and strived to become a singer despite the people around him who used to oppose him to become a singer .

In a conclusion , successful people have their strong will and challening spritis in common as explained above .
Even if people know how to do something well , if they just lose their enthusiasm , it wo n't certainly lead to a success .
People need to take the strong will before giving up .
As a mater of fact , the issue of whether there will be fewer cars than there are today is a complex one , requiring subjective judgment .
Different people hold different views due to their distinct background .
Therefore , there are no easy or certain answers to the question and final answers would rely on my own experiencr and personality .

I do agree with the statement that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
In the following discussion , I would develop my poins of views and constitute aspects of details as sufficient as possible .

In the first place , the most important reason that I cannot ignore is that nowaday , people have realize that the cars will produce seriously air pollution and this situation has became a big issue around the world .
To illustrate , it is apparent that air pollution has rais the attention of the global citizens and the most effective way to solute this problem is to decrease cars in use .

In the second place , another reason for my statement is that the oil price would be more expensive twenty years than today .
The amount of the oil will decrease but the demand of the oil will remain the same even increase .
Therefore , there will be ferwer cars in use because only a very small portion of people who might be very rich can afford the price .

Last but not least , I believe that people will use MRT as their transportation in the future because MRT is not only convenient but also in a reasonable price that everyone can afford it .
Therefore , there will be no need to buy a car as transportation .

To sum up , the air pollution cause by cars and high price of oil made me agree with the statement that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today .
I disagree with that statement .
Nowadays , a lot of highschool students look for summer jobs as soon as their academic year ends .
Those jobs consist of helping out in various stores in a shopping mall , performing simple tasks in a clinic , or catering in a restaurant , or hosting an event and there are lots more .

It also depends on the what type of young people the statement is referring to .
If it is referring to spoiled , rich teenagers then i would understand , since all they have been taught to do is to just request whatever they wish for without earning it .
Although , there are several other cases which young people are normal students who recieve average amount of pocket money every month given by their parents .
At a certain point , those young people soon realise that the pocket money most of the times will not be enough to get what they need or want .
That is when they start working and looking for jobs even at a hospital for the elderly .
Most of the job vacancies out there are being occupied by young teenagers , and they are actually more enthuisiastic than older people when they go through their job .

Most of my classmates in college always volunteer to help out with charity work .
The amount of students who actually showed up to donate and help out with organising was so shocking that the older members were extremely impressed .

In my point of view , younger people are far more creative at organising an event especially for younger people 's interests .
For instance , when it comes to organising a music concert in order to collect the money for donation , it is always done best by a young person in his or her late teens , since they know what type of music and who the younger generation likes to listen to nowadays .
That way the concert will turn out to be successful and they could earn a good amount of money for charity .
I dont think that in twenty years ther will be fewer cars than now because sales of cars are increasing day by day .
More people are using cars as it is easy to own a car today and many low cost cars are coming into the depending on demand of people ans usage .

Twenty years from now there will be more and more people coming to cities and towns in search of jobs and other requirements and population is increasing day by day .
So after few years many people would require cars for their personal use .

Now the number of cars are less becuase becuase big car companies donot go into remote places and villages to sell the cars as many people dont buy them .
In future they might go into remote places in order to increase their sales .
This is not possible today for many car companies because they dont have many funds to do provide cars and market them in villages .

Now a days there is only one car per family because only one person works in a family in India .
In the future both wife and husband may work and both require cars .
Needs of people are growing , people who own a two wheeler today want to shift to a car tomorrow .

Population is increains so to meet the increasing demand of the people more cars are manufactured so that every person can own a car and not depend on others .
Car companies are increasing their production day by day in order to get more profits and the company will prosper .
They are increasing their production seeing the increaing demand in the market .
Demand is increasing in the market as better roads are laid , better infrastructure is devloped and policies are made such that cost of the car comes down and even common man can own a car .
These all reasons suggest that more and more cars will be used by people in the future .

Many banks and financial companies are bringing out plans so that it is easy for a person to earn a car .
This plan will increase the number of cars on road as it is no longer a burden to own a car .

Due to advancement in technology new cars are coming with more latest features which makes a person 's desire to eard a car .
Growth in technology and ways of manufacturing cars are bringing out many cars which are advancement to their previous models .
Through all this means it will increase the number of cars in the near future .

Before car was used as just a transportation mediun .
Now it is not like that as owning a car is a passion and even desire to some people .
There were only few features in cars before but now a days the features in cars are multiple , with this you along with driving can do other work like listening to music relaxing and even office paper work as cars donot shake or give disturbace while driving .

Improvement in technology is making car driving easy and ride more and more comfortable .
So with all these reasons I dont think that number of cars after twenty years will come down but they will increase in number and increase in varities satisfying wide range of people using it .
If one considers the question of whether it is of more advantage to have a broad spectrum of knowledge in many different areas or whether it is more advisible to concentrate it in one small field , one important distinction needs to be made .
The answer to this question is different depending upon whether one considers a person with the ultimate goal of pursuing a professional career in business or whether the focus is on someone that intends to stay in the academic field in order to perform research and teach .
The answer to the former case is that yes , for the businessman it is more advantageous to have a broad knowledge ; for the latter subject , the academic , a more narrow focus is preferential .
The reasons for that shall be illuminated below ; the two types discussed shall be referred to as the `` professional '' and the `` academic '' , respectively .

For the professional , it is crucial to have a broad knowledge in different areas since in his everyday life , he will constantly be faced with situations involving very diverse topics .
In order to understand these , and more importantly , to link these together , that wisdom will duly serve him .
Imagine for example an executive at a multinational company : how is he to understand the needs of his customers ( and his employees ) of different nationality if he does n't know about their cultural background ?

The second main point where his broad knowing will assist him is in general problem-solving .
Whenever one learns about a new subject , no matter which field is concerned , one is subconsciously exposed to the techniques of attacking problems in the respective field : the more different fields one has seen , the broader the base from which one can choose the tactics to solve one 's own problems .
When a CEO of a large company makes a strategic consideration , the process that takes place in his mind subconsciously was obtained in some random academic area he had once studied at school , and that structure of thought serves him very well in that situation .

However , also the professional needs to excert diligence : if one exaggerates the amount of different subjects studied , one will end up with unconnected , loose , random facts that serves neither for common knowledge nor for problem-solving .

The second type under consideration is the academic : his or her ultimate goal is to perform successful research and thereby create entirely new scientific knowledge .
This process is conducted at such an immensely high level nowadays that everyone wanting to have widespread success in a field needs to know absolutely everything about it .
At the same time , the subjects have reached such complexity that an occupation with a different field simply is n't possible for the ambitious researcher : in order to only even stay up to date in his own field , he will have to invest well over fifty hours a week .
Due to this , in academia this focus on one specific subject is an absolute must .

For the sake of completeness though , it should be mentioned that also for academics it is advisible to first gain some more spread-out knowledge : if for example a quantum mechanics physicist wants to apply his principles to biology , he needs to be able to already refer back to some existing knowledge from his own educational process in order to see the basic connections .

In conclusion , it was demonstrated in this text that depending on the work of the person under consideration , the answer to the introductory statement differs : the prefers a broad knowledge base , whereas the academic goes with the narrower one .
I completely agrees with the statement that the best way to travel is in a group led by tour guide .
In today 's world where advancements are taking place in every field , tourism industry is also marching ahead with great speed .
Now you can easily get the group packages at cheap prices with a tour guide who will show you all the famous places and will take care of your food and luggage while on tour .
Travelling in a group provides you the advantage of guide 's experience and group security , provide you cheap packages and lot of fun than travelling alone or with family .

While travelling in a group led by guide , you can benefit from the guide 's experience because he can guide you which places are the best to go .
He can tell you about some famous temples , churches and beaches etc. , while travelling alone you may miss these things .
Another advantage of group travelling is the security , there will be no fear of getting lost or attacked by somebody at outside place because there will always be somebody with you to help you .

Travelling in a group is cheaper too , because you can easily bargain with travelling agency over the ticket fares , hotel charges etc. because travelling agency will always prefer the group travel .
On the other hand , if you are travelling alone you have no options and buy the tickets at higher prices , and pay more for hotel room .

Travelling in a group means lot of fun .
You can never get bored while travelling in group , because you can crack jokes , play cards , and can have singing competitions too .
While if you are alone you will be devoid of all this fun .

While travelling alone has its own advantages of privacy and being with the family but i will still prefer travelling in group .
I think group travel can convert a good trip into great one .
Where I live , in Japan more people tend to think that young people have more chances to enjoy their life than older people .
However , in my opinion , I disagree with this statement for the following reasons .

I think that there are three elements that allow people to enjoy their life .
One is good experience , second element is money and last element is time .
Considering these kind of elements , older people can enjoy life much more than young people .

First older people have more experience than young people have .
Good experience is able to give a person wider human network and deeper thought .
If there is no experience about something a person want to do , he or she will not have no idea what to do and who he or she have to contact no matter how the person hope to do it strongly .

In addition , older people have more money than young people .
It is no doubt that we have to need money so much if we want to enjoy life .
Unless there are enough money to spend usual life , it is quite difficult for us to keep my body and soul healthy .
Of course , we will not be able to spend buying clothes .

Finally , older people can use a great deal of time .
Of course university students especially in Japan have a lot of time .
But , they do not know how to spend such a precious time .
Constrastly , older people well know how to use time .

I show good example to explain these elements .
For exapmle , my uncle who retired his job last year started up his own job ; Japanese food restaurant in Tokyo .
In this business , he could use throughtly his wide range network that was build during he worked at trading company dealing with various fishes nationwide .
In addition , he can much money to establish his own business .
If young person want to do same thing , he will have trouble with collecting money .
And finally , my uncle had a lot of time to thing over what kind of business he should start up .
These elements ; experience , money and time enable his life to be wonderful .

Therefore , I strongly believe that older people can enjoy their life much more than young people .
If the opinon that young people can spend their life more enjoyable is true , our future become bored .
A lot of Greek lyrical poets wrote odes to the beauty of youth , and elogiated it as the highest , most rewarding stage in life .
When the time came for them to deal with the old age , all their words assumed negative and dark implications , their rhythm slowed down , their optimism faded away , as if the wonderful joys that they had collected during their youth had completely disappeared , leaving no good memories , no sign at all .

In my opinion , this is the best feature of the years that I am living : the great sense of expectation that I feel every day .
When you are young , everything seems easy to reach , possible .
It is as if you are given all the opportunities you want , and you can even dare to refuse some of them , to pick the ones you prefer .
And then , you are still at school .

Studying definitely brings along a big amount of new , different and stimulating experiences that hit , strike and confuse the students with fantastic , oniric ideas of what the world could be .
This is the period in which they - we - inhalate the greatest part of images , sounds , colors and words , our own heritage for the rest of our life .
This is the time when our minds are completely open .

On a more pragmatical side , youngsters ' physical constitution allows them to do more activities than the elders can do .
Young people can run , dance , play every sport they want without having to worry for their backache or their ostheoporosis .
What is more , they can travel , see the world and all the beauty in it .
In his novel `` On The Road , '' Joseph Conrad writes that everyone who has the courage to wake up one day and leave to no definite destination is `` crazy , crazy of life . ''
I do not think that there is a better way to say why youth is such an amazing , satisfacting and breath-taking period .
Maybe , as I said , the most important reason lies in the fact that young people can still dream .
And it is when you stop dreaming that your old age begins .
I believe that young people enjoy life far more than old people do .
This is due to three main reasons .
In this essay , I will explain why I have come to this conclition .

Firstly , most young people have good health .
As a eighteen-yearold my self , I rarely get sick or get injured compared with my neighbor lady who is seventy-five .
She always tell me that health is the most important aspect , and to take care of my health since it is so important .
Many people in Japanese society believe this idea .
Also , there is a word in japanese that saids : The inner health comes from the outer health .
This means that if an individual is physicaly healthy , he/she will be mentaly health , refering to having positive emotions .
Which indicates that people can enjoy their lifes when they are healthy .

Secondly , having both old and new ways of thinking is easy for young people .
Young people can learn new ideas or analise new techniques .
They are able to use technology , and conseme new ideas .
In addition , young people can learn history at school , or listen to stories from older people , such as parents , grand-parents , and neighbors .
Having a diverse thinking will allow a prosperous life , which can mean a enjoyable life .
On the other hand , older people are not advanced in handleing new ideas , on new techniques .
Forexample , my mother who is fifty-years-old , can not handle advanced technology such as her mobile-phone .

Thirdly , young people are usualy ambisious then older people .
This is because young have not seen the big world yet , which allows them tohave diverse goals .
Also , young people can study hard to get in a good university , to enjoy life .
However , most older people have brain which can not consume many materials physicaly .
Also , older peoplr know the limit of goals and dreams .
I believe that having a goal or a dream increases the standards of living .
Which leads to an enjoyable life .
We are living in a consumption world .
In such a buy-consume-rebuy world advertisements constitutes a great part of our lives even though we are not aware of it .
Have you ever watched a match or a series in TV or walked to your local market without seeing any advertisements ?
I guess your answer is no .
Many of these advertisements are showing us how their product is really nice and high quality .
Do you think are they honest ?
My point of view is that most of these advertisements make products seem much better than they originally are because of the competition both in the market and between the advertisement companies .

The first reason why most advertisements show products better than they really are is that there are many companies that are selling the same product .
Therefore , there is too much competition in the market .
To be able to compete with other firms and stay in the market , companies spend unbelievable amounts of money in advertisements and show their products as the ` best ' product that is in sale .
As an instance , in my country a candy brand called Ulker made an advertisement in which there was a quote saying that `` you can forget its name , but never its taste . ''
When i ate this candy , i saw no difference in its taste than any other brands ' candies .

Secondly , besides the competition between companies that spend money to these advertisements , there is also competition between advertisement companies .
To make their advertisements liked by the companies that hire them they should prepare the advertisements such that they will persuade the company workers that this product will be sold .
Therefore , most of the time advertisement companies are exaggerating the features or the quality of the products in order to be liked by the product owners and be hired again in the next time .

All in all , because of the competition between companies that are producing the products and the companies that are making the advertisements , most of the time the products advertised are shown as better than they really are .
Thus , consumers should be careful about those advertisements and should not rely on them .
It is a widespread topic of discussion whether young or old people are more capeable of enjoying life .
To compare both oppinions , one first has to review possible advantages and disadvantages the both sides gain from their youth and their already spend lifetime , respectively .
The benefits of youth are quite obvious : A young person normaly has more energy and is in a better physical condition than an older member of the society .
Additionally , they do not have the responses coming with a job , a family and so on .

Older people on the other hand might have a major advantage : experiance .
Though they might not any longer be in a state to do what ever they want , probably due to the reasons mentioned above , they still might be able to enjoy what they are doing much more than young people do .
If you grow older , you might become a little more settled than you are in your young , `` wild '' years , that is certainly true .
But if you are able to get rid of the fear to miss something important , if you do not try to run through your life on top speed to catch every adventure you can , you might be able to make much more intense experiances .
Those might be fewer , but still more enjoyable than the superficial ones of the youth .

So the question to be answered is : what is more enjoyable ?
Many superficial or few intense experiances ?
In my oppinion the truth lies somewhere in between .
It is certainly good to live a fast life in the youth , and it is probably necessary to do so to be able to calm down when you grow older , as long as you do not overstress it .
This way you can experiance both sides .

In the end , everybody has to answer this specific question for him - or herself , there is now overall solution .
Some people might enjoy a life full of parties , travelling and action .
Others will prefer a nice home and a family , which provides hold and support a even during your old days .
Both will tell you , their way is the one to enjoy life most .
I agree with the statement , that it is more important for students to understand ideas and concepts rather than memorizing facts .
In the following paragraphs I will give you reasons and an example why I am convinced of the correctness of the statement .

First of all , it 's true , that in any field of study there is always some kind of `` must know '' facts , that a student has to know .
Apart form this one can always look up detailed information in a book , on the internet or any other reliable source of information .
Thus , learning facts is a practice to train your memory but it wo n't allow you to solve complex problems where you need a structure and a concept to follow .

Thats why learning or even memorizing facts does n't make sense from an economical point of view : you waste your energy , time and `` storage '' with learning things that you can look up anytime you need them .

As an example you could take historic dates : what if a student could tell you every date of battles on european territory between the 15th and the 19th century but ca n't conclude any connection with international relations in that time from these facts .
It would certainly help him win an award in memorizing , but he would never be able to understand or tell others why european territory was subject to so many changes in the last centuries .

Instead , a student should take care to capture all the general ideas , concepts and methods taught in class .
Concepts and ideas are easier to reuse if you understand them correctly .

As a student of business administration I can tell that facts can be very important , and if this is the case you should be very accurate .
But in general I would agree , that it is more important to understand the ideas and concepts behind the facts , than mere facts that you will forget the second you learned them .
Education has always been concerned with the question whether it is more important to learn facts or to acquire ways of understanding the things that happen around us .
Is it of more relevance to know when exactly a certain war broke out , or to understand how a conflict finally resulted in that specific war ?
In the course of this work , it will be shown that facts should not be the first and paramount source and end of learning .

First of all , facts are something that we memorize .
The human brain , however , does not have the capacity to remember every single fact for an unlimited amount of time .
Things that we learn by heart can just as easily be forgotten when we do not need the information anymore .
A student can revise certain dates in history or certain physics formulas , but when the exam or the school year is over , his brain might erase them in order to make space for new information .

Moreover , students can adapt certain ideas that they have understood to other topic areas .
This kind of potential for transferral of knowledge or ways of thinking is in my opinion highly important .
Facts are only valid for one specific issue at one specific time whereas ideas possess a more universal quality .
Understanding how a politician 's minds in conducting policies work - what factors they have to take into consideration - , for example , is more important than knowing about all the policies they introduced .

In addition , the learning of ideas rather than facts helps you to draw comparisons between certain issues , to assess qualities and shortcomings and to look at the world from a more general point of view .
A student who knows a lot about the main tenets of liberalism will very likely be better able to compare its signifigance in different cultures and at different times in world history than someone who has studied the biographies of philosophers of the past .

To conclude , one can say that the learning of facts is a mere formality , an unreflected acquiring of names , numbers and events , whereas the understanding of concepts and ideas is a process by which students learn to look for and grasp the roots of issues .
Ideas can be applied to various fields and can stay in our minds , shape the conception of how we see the world .
Facts that are hammered into our brains , on the other hand , are likely to disappear over time .
The issue states that there would be fewer cars than there are todayin twenty years .
I do not agre with this statement , moreover I feel that the use of cars would be doubled in twenty years than they are today .

Fifteen years ago computers have been rarely found with the software industies and only with the managers of various institutions and industries .
But now each and every software proffesional , many students shopkeepers of various stores use it .
In a similar way the usage of cars also rise since the cars with less costs are also available in the market a person with an average annual income can afford to buy a car for the services rendered by it .
A car is used as a luxurious commodity for the modern man .
Also it can carry many peoplefrom one place to another unlike a motor cycle .
Cars have been developed to run not only with fuels such as petrol , diesel which pollute the environment heavily but also with the gaseous fuels which are environmental friendly .
Cars using gaseous fuels are also economical .

Cars have also the advantage of safety carrying of diseased persons compared to motor cycles .
Cars have also been designed for a single seater which is more economical .
Cars using solar radiation as a fuel is under research .
Such cars would benefit us more .
They give us more comfort to sit and even facilities of air conditioning are possible in it .
Everybody is now used to such luxurious comforts .
So people work hard to make themselves more comfortable and make his travelling easyby adopting a driver to the car where as this facility is not available with other vehicles .
Though buses have this facility , they may not be readily available in need of time .
so in order to save most of them prefer cars .
People have the idea of deciding what is right or what not .
they know how well a car would benefit them .
Many of them instead of preferring a motor cycle wait for some more timeand then have a car .
So I feel that cars use would be doubled in twenty years and not reduced .
So , how would you feel an elderly person watching a soccer match and shouting at peak of his voice .
he has his goggles on , a bear can in hand , and say , England flag painted on him .
Wo n't you feel a bit annoyed by the scene .
Yes , its true that every diffrernt age group has a particular way of enjoying and even enjoying their joy .
But , it 's quite a bit clear that young people enjoy thier lif to fullest than the aged .
Just looking at the energy of the youngsters , the ways they enjoy and with no pressure of being ashamed , if seen by any one .

The main pointof diffrentiation in youngster and an eldrly person is the energy .
With body getting older , it tend to loose its energy and even the muscles weakens .
When young all the body cellls are young and can store and diliver the maximum energy requied .
So with this we can go on traking , dance , jump , play , and many more things .
But due to lack of energy elderly people cannot enjoy much , especially the things requiring more energy .

Another good reason supporting my point is , number of options available .
You just cannot expect an old man to go for cycling round the beach for 10km daily .
With sour joints , he has to bring lot many limitations to the kind of work he can do .
In contrast , young men and women have many opitions open in the ways they can enjoy .
A person fond of biking can go on long ride every week end , or an athlete can have a mounatin traking program set .
Along with this physically exhaustive joys , a girl willing o dance can take dance lessons and perform whenever she feels down .

Last in the list , and one of important factors of social life is fear of being caught .
With increasing involvement in social life , each has o take care of his image in public .
So the ways to enjoy the life get limited down for a man ho has lived much of his life than a yougster .
If a company boss is seen freaking around on beach is definitely pointed ou , but , if it 's his son is surely admired .

Thus to conclude with , I can only say that though youngsters have more ways to enjoy life than elder people , one can surely define his enjoyment .
Defining it we can be happy with what we have , with no greed for what we do n't .
I support the notion that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
I would like to support this with the following observations from my personal experiences .
With the advent of technology , a greater number of means are available for young people to enjoy life .
When I was kid the aveneues for enjoying were limited in India .
Now kids at young age have different options such as video games which I never had an access to .
This translates to the older people too , who would have no access to these gadgets .
Even if they have access they have to develop the aptitude and zeal to learn how to operate these devices .

In the era of consumerism more and more products are offered for the young generation because they control the spending .
Companies that tailor their offerings to the old people are between far and few .
I feel this also has to do with the age .
As people grow they become more mature , their interests change and they also tend be more appreciative of the needs of the family members .
As a result they curb their activities and go into their own shell .

Last but not the least , with the onset of the old age people start suffering with various ailments that take off their most time .
They have to restrict or avoid outdoor fun activities which they would have done in their younger years .

Having said that young people enjoy life more , I would not like to state that old people do not enjoy life at all .
But as discussed above the means change as the time passes and they start limiting their activities .
The issue at hand is will there be more cars in near future i.e another twenty years than there are today .
the given issue is important because it is questioning about a probable revolution in automobile industry .
i dont agree with the topic .
There are several rerasons i would like to cite and explain on my stand .

with the advent and advancement of technology man has been able to expand his horizons in every possible direction and in vast number of fields .
but the main underlying point regarding the advancements is only to comfort himself as much as possible .
the invention of automobile has actually happened like a miracle .
but owning an automobile was a dream to bourgeois and the laborclass people then .
today , we can find a car or other automobile in every household .
the number of cars all over the globe today is some several thousands of times to what it was four decades ago and the number is likely to increase much higher as the cost of buying a car is decreasing day by day .
so , i think that my option of increase in the number of cars in another twenty years is better than the other .

also , it is a human tendency that owning a car or another four wheeler is a matter of prestige .
so , everybody aims to own a car and that too at an earlier stage of their careers .
though , the cost of gas and fuel is goin up drastically , most of the people are watching out for even a small incentive in their jobs so that they can buy a new car .
so , it is highly unlikely that the number of cars will decrease in the future .

additionally , it is also possible that a car may run on water rather than gas in the near future .
alot of research and experimentation has already been going on studying the property of auto mechanics in this aspect .
if this happens , then the automobile industry would bask in the glory of success and flourish in the fragrance of wealth .
this situation no matter what will never let down the number of cars in the future .

Finally , the people are also thinking about the long distances they have to travel everyday and the hectic schedules they have everyday .
commuting by car , is what makes them totally independent in travelling to large distances as per their wish .
moreover , a car also provides the comfort of goin on long drives with family members or with friends and serves the purpose of sharing longterm memories .

ultimately , i think thatmy option of the increase in number of cars is likely to happen in the near future .
The statement `` successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well '' is very true in my opininion .
First , if this sentence is taken and placed in a political context , many examples appear that illustrate the truthfulness of the sentence .
For example , the late president Sadat of Egypt introduced a new economic program to the country called `` infitah '' in Arabic and which means `` to be open '' in English .
This program was new to the country because it involved open trade with any country in the world , unlike the old system which was a socialist or a closed trade system .
That system had many critics at the time it was adopted but Sadat took the risk and implemented the program which turned to be a great economic success for the country .

Second , the statement is true when looking at it from a business point of view .
For example , Bill Gates , the owner of Microsoft , tried a lot of new things and invented a lot of software that turned out to be very successful although there were great risks for its failure at the begininning .
Moreover , the word `` innovation '' is used by many businesses nowadays to illustrate thier belief in new things and anything new must have great risks at first .
Major companies have entire departments directed for research and development , also called `` R & D , '' and they spend huge amounts of money to fund these departments .
Therefore , the business enviroment believes that new things lead the way for profit and thus success .

In conclusion , i totally agree with the statement because it could be applied in any context and found to be true .
Being innovative in any aspect , whether in politics , economics , or business , will deffinetly lead to success but with great risks involved .
Traveling in a group led by a tour guide is always my choice , if it 's possible .
As i experenced both types , traveling with or without a tour guide .
A tour guide has its importance especially in new or dangerous places .
Much to said about the tour guide , simply he or she makes many things more easier and also responsible for manythings that may be time consuming or tiring .
Let 's begin from the first , when a traveler arrives there .
Many world places have no clear maps or directions to get to the hotels .
This makes the traveler exposed to thieves and fraud .
If there is a tour guide , this problem does n't exist .
Also arranging the ransportation to the places of interest with good prices is always tiring and time consuming process .
A tour guide has the enough local experience to get the best for his or her group .
The best time to visit a place or to see something unique always does n't come by good luck but by good experience .
Local customes and traditions are usually hard to learn from books or magazines especially for people who comes from totally different cultures .
A tour guide is very helpful in this point .
Some tourists found themselves involved in legal conflicts or troubles with local residents because they simply do n't know the local habits or traditions .
A tour guide will not expose his or her group to dangers the strangers may not note easily .
While strangers go around in popular markets , they are a chance to some local sellers to sell them false or unworthy articles and this happens more frequentley .
A tour guide can be the advisor about buying local goods .
There is also a human side for accompaning a local tour guide , he or she is as abridge for the two cultures as he or she experience both from his or her natural living and job .
A tour guide can explain manythings that seem unsual , strange , or hard to hard to expalin .
I do n't think youg people enjoy their life more than older ones , although most of them think so .
I like to give short examples why young peoples think in this directions and than show it from the opposite side of the elders :

Most of the young people think they are enjoying their live more than older ones because there are so many new experiences they are making when they are young , for example finding a girlfriend .
They are talking all the time about how happy they are .
But after a while they search for a new girlfriend maybe because the `` old one '' was n't exactly what they expected of the `` true love '' .
Older people instead of this already have the experience what they want or what they are searching for in life , so , when they finally find the right partner they stick together and stay together happier and longer then young people , because they know , that they wo n't have their whole life again to cherrish it with the person they love .
And they do n't talk about how happy they are all the time , they just enjoy it more silently .

Secondly young people say , that they could n't imagine a life without a computer or the television .
For them , these things make live more enjoyable .
They do n't understand how old persons could be happy without using these things .
But older persons grew up without knowing things like that , so they never made the experience of TV or cumputers .
They had other things to pass their freetime with .
They played outside or read a book .
And because they did n't know these things they were not unhappy by not having these things .

So , i think it is definetly not true that younger persons have more fun in life or that they enjoy it more than older ones .
Both of them enjoy their lives but in different ways .

But , I , for myself have got to say , that i definetly do n't want to live in another century or that i want to change my age .
I agree with that statement because learning facts are based on understanding ideas .
Students cannot learn new facts without knowing where they came from or what corroberates them .
for some people , memorizing a new fact is enough .
It might not be that important to them to understand it or study it .
but i disagree with that .
there has to be a base for everything someone learns or it wont be concidered learning .

My favourite subject has always been Math because , unlike subjects like History and Literature , its all based on logic .
everything has an explanation and acknowledging that explanation leads to acknowledging a new fact .
When students understand ideas , they become more productive , and more accomplished , because grasping and analizing ideas leads to creativety which leads to creation .

Students have differents learning skills , some learn by memorizing conlusions , and some cant memorize without an knowing how they reached to the those conclusions .
Understanding ideas is more difficult that learning facts. a fact can be learned by reading a book or a biography , an idea has to be studied to be learned , which oblidges more thinking .

As a result , one who studies new concepts provide more in the community in the future , because what is his or her mind are not just fixed facts , they are ways of thinking .

If someone thinks about the technology that is enhancing everyday and the growth of our economies , it will be clear that it is the cause of knowledge , knowledge that is not only obtained by memorizing facts but by creative minds .

There is more to improvement than learning facts .
and when i say improvement i mean in yourself .
when you want to imoprove youself you need to understand what you learn to implicate it .
Thats how the process of teaching works as well .
Teachers could have just given out books and told students to read them at home and get tested on them the next day .
Wouldnt that have been easier if the point was n't to make students understand what they 're taking in school ?
I fully agree with the statement for four reasons .

1. If you have a broad knowledge of many subjects you can improve your knowledge in these areas constantly .
If you are just good in one subject it will be rather hard to gain new knowledge in other areas because you lack the basic understanding of the topic .

2. When you are looking for a job you can choose from a much larger variety of offers if you have an idea of more than one subject .
Given the example you are a manager and you know many subjects very well .
Then you can draw conclusions , that could help you solving problems at work , with informations from a different subject .
Cross-subject thinking is an important qualification for higher management positions .
Not only because of your intelligence but aswell because you can do smalltalk , which becomes more and more important in business relations .

3. You are always an interesting man when you can have a `` chit chat ' about almost every topic .
It raises your status in society if you have a basic knowledge of lots of topics .

4. Your daily life can be made easier by using the knowledge to solve problems in whatever part of your life you want .
you can use the knowledge like a toolbox for problems .

To put it all in a nutshell having a broad knowledge of a variety of subjects is a base to build on and learn more about particular topics .
It opens you the door to a lot of jobs and raises your status in society .
The knowledge gives you topics to smalltalk about and the use of the knowledge helps you solving problems either in the job or just in daily life .
I only see advantages in having a broad knowledge of many subjects .
As we move further in the new era of technology , the world of advertisment is crutial in proposing new products to the masses so as to increase their demand on the market .
However , as time has gone on the world of advertising has stopped being a method to promote and has developed as a commercial industry ready to do anything in order to make a product more appealing .

A possible justification to this phenomena is the `` fashion '' behind each advertisment .
Often do we buy a product because of its appealing advertisment rather than its content .
This is due to the popular fame that some products achieve through their advertisment , especially within the teenage population .
As a young adult , I can see the onspread of this tendency when speaking with fellow friends and affronting the argument of wether a type of clothing is fancy or not just because of the advertisment behind it .

I also think that advertisment has taken on this role because of the advancing of technology , such as Television or On line pop ups , which effectivly keep on promoting products .
It is because of this increased supply in ways to advertise that advertisment has taken on another role and does not limit itself to selling a product but tries to make it seem much better than it truly is .

This ties in with the next concept : better technologies , such as TV animations , have induced companies in portraying products such as food as more tasty just through their advertisment .
How often have we seen a pizza look more tasty on TV than on our real life kitchen table ?

Why not consider the increase in advertisments as more appealing than the actual product as a result of the same availability of a particular product ?
For example , an expnential increase in cellular phones has requested companies to portray each cell phone as more useful , technological and handy then it actually is because of the competition that can be found in the mobile sector .

Thus , when we look at a newspaper ad or watch a TV commercial , I think we must take concius action to question the actual product that is trying to be sold to us at all costs , and refer to the item itself before purchasing it .
Successful people try new things and take risks rather than only doing what they already know how to do well .
I completely agree with this statement .

Most of the people are not willing to take risk in their life .
This is due to their fear of failure .
Their ideas , views and opinions remain confined to themselves .
They are not willing to take the risk of impling their ideas and therefore gradually stop thinking about the various alternate ways and means of doing things .
One can be successful only if he is ready to take risk .

The first and the foremost benifit of taking risks is that you get the first movers advantage .
You will be the only one to know it !
For example in case of business enterprise , if the manufacturer takes the risk of investing its funds in the innovation department for the development of better quality products with efficient use of resourses and new technique of production then they get the advantage of being the first one to introduce such a product in the market .
They can fix the price as they have no compatition and earn huge profits .

Also , there are some other advantages of taking risks like the bigger risk you take the bigger the gain will be !
But at the same time i will call it more like a gamble .
It involves a lot of uncertainities and some times what you expect will not happen at all .
At that time you will have to face the consequences .

The best way to handle the problem of `` risk taking '' is to look at the probabilities .
If the event is most likable to happen then take the risk and if there is any doubt about it take a smaller risk .
But remember the bigger risk the bigger gain and hence only the people who take risks become successful in life .
We are , indeed , surrounded by cars .
Over the years , driving became men 's favourite way to travel .
So why would that trend come to an end in twenty years ?
Costs ?
Progress ?

Travelling by car has a major advantage ; You choose where you will go , when you will stop .
You choose your path and aim straight at your destination .
You are not a passive passenger , and you are therefore less bored .

Cars are also part of our culture ; Little boys play with plastic ferraries , and in some countries , such as America , so wide that public transports are less efficient than is other european cities , a car in related to freedom and independancy .

But the price of fuel has gone up , as natural resources diminish , and it is accurate to think this rise will only increase as time goes by .
People and governments , well aware of the situation , start planning their futures without Cars .

People also seem more and more concerned with environmental issues .
It is well known that cars pollute alot , releasing carbon dioxide in the air .
We need our planet , and some of us are starting to realise everyone can make a difference .

Moreover , other transport means are nowadays faster , cheaper , cleaner than before .
Buses and subways in big cities help us avoid trafic .
Planes are now easy to access .
Trains are silent , direct , and clean .

Whithin twenty years , progress might allows us to leave our cars to the garage .
Yet it is a tought goal to achieve as , like i said , cars are part of our daily culture .
And men are attached to traditions .
Would your picture James Bond without his car ?
Young boys think it might help them in seducing girls .
Adults forgot how to live without a car .
The car Industry is still creating new attractive engines .
We , indeed have a long way to go , and there is no assurance that the number of cars will significativly go down by the time we reach 2026 .
as a human being we are getting older day by day uncounciously and most of the time unwillingly .
Most of the time it creates serious problems for the adults .
But I believe that growing older does n't mean that you have to lose your joy of living .
I totally disagree with the belief that young people enjoy life more that the older people do .
there are more reasons and more possibilities for a older people to enjoy life .

First of all it is so obvious that young people spend their time and energy by dealing with the requirements of their social enviroment .
For instance after the graduation from the high school I immediately started to study my lessons in the university .
I could n't find time even to go on a vacation .
Moreover young people not only spend their time but also spend their energy in order to deal with the handicaps that they have been facing .
In contrast to them older people can save time because of their experiences .
they do not need to deal with those problems and they do noyt have to spend time on it .
in contrast to this they can go on a vacation everytime they want .

Further more they seek for enjoyable time more than the youngsters do .
Young people think that they will have time and chance to enjoy life in the future but since older people are well aware of how fast the time pasts .
They do n't wait to do something that they really want they use their senses rather than their logics .
My father has started to deal with the garden after he retired from the court .
He had worked for several years continuously .
Right now he know everything about planting .
he knows that he wo n't be able to make his dreams come through if he waits longer .
on the other hand i could n't find time to improve my clarinette .
I believe that this is best example which suits to the dicussion about timing because I still imagine that someday i will find time to improve it .

As a conclusion , I do not agree with the statement about the amount of joy that older people get from life .
As I faced during my entire life older people know better how to enjoy and how to spend good time by using their experinces and senses .
I disagree with the statement : I think young people are as supportive to their communities as they have always been .
Of course `` being helpful '' has changed rapidly because of technologic and scientific progress changing very quickly , also there could be a sociological explanation to the actual changing of COMMUNITIES which is in my opinion very important to consider .

Communities have become more and more diverse , difficult to define and cosmopolitan , a good example is the notoious American melting pot , which of course means that not everyone meeting for example in a class at school or in a neighborhood or also in a political group might be participating to the same type of ethnic or economic community .

Not everyone will therefore know what type of activity a young person is actually doing to support the community he feels more integrated in , or how much time he is dedicating to it .
That does n't necessarily mean he is n't participating in community activities .

Also , our era is moving slowly towards a situation where physical work becomes more and more unimportant and replaceable with technology .
That means young people may be performing very economically sustaining tasks , for example buying community products per internet , but you still wo n't see them in the actual community supermarket or drug store performing manual tasks .

I actually think that in the situation we live in now , it is much easier to have a strong conscious community identity compared with the ignorant necessity of participation of the past , when many people probably could n't even imagine the existence other parallel communities .
In this way , young people are often MORE actively and spiritually involved in their community life than in the past , a characteristic of which for example we have proof in the still growing popularity of volounteer work , naturally influenced by the greater wealth progress in time has brought to a growing number of people .
The so-called `` death of ideals '' that probably would be related to the essay statement in the sense that participating in community life represents a form of actively expressing your ideals , is n't really happening in my opinion - it 's just that the sudden incredible communication possibilities which were given to my generation and the national boundary openness along with a situation of peace between at least western countries has thrown us into the void of thousands of contact and knowledge possibilities through other cultures and communities .

But now , when the general culture comprises more and more of a wide spectrum of cultural , religious , economic and political possibilities , I have the impression that an enormous number of people STILL feel attached to the culture they come from , their parents , their ancestors etc .

Genes and community are strong values I doubt history or time will ever distroy .
We are not in the Brave New World yet , and I do not want to believe that that indifference is the direction we 're going in .
Most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
in fact , all over the world use this process .
Here in my native country Lebanon , they show the product as a super thing and in fact , it is much less than it appears .

first of all , i see wherever i go advertisements that make the products very good , and when i go to buy or see it , i find all the time that it is fake .
The owner of the product always exagerates in the advertisements to attract the people .
For example , i bought once a bike on the internet , the bike looked very nice and big and when they delivered it to me i found that it is a small and ugly bike .
From every experience , i learn something till i found in the end that u cannot trust any advertisement and u have to see the product in front of you before you buy it .

Furthermore , the product owners have to compete with each others , because there are a lot of factories that offer the same product .
Also , the advertisement for the products have to look good to attract the eye .
For example , once i saw different advertisements for the same product and one of them was really good and attractive , so i decided to go to the shop that made this advertisement and buy from it .
Therefore the advertisement have to be good and the products should look much better than they really are to attract the buyer like they attracted me .

In conclusion , the marketing for the product is very important , and the advertisement should be attractive .
Therefore , the products seem much better than they really are .
In addition to that , the buyer have to be mature enough to differentiate between products to buy the right thing .
Life goes by every second of our lives .
As a person gets older , not only his or her body is in constant deterioration , but also his or her mind , ideals , and thoughts .
An elderly can hardly jump the rope or play football , but a teenager can accomplish those tasks with great facility .
Young people can practice a wide variety of activities with little or no limitations .
From parachuting to eating a family-size pizza , the young are always on a better condition , mentally and phisicaly .
Therefore , young people enjoy life more than older people do .
This asserttion can be exemplified by a personal experience that I had with my grandfather when I was 14 and with today 's wars .

As a young teenager , I was always able to spend time with my grandfather .
I felt a great respect towards him .
Yet , I was able to regard the differences between us .
I ate hot-dogs and he vegetables .
One day , when we went bowling , he felt on the middle of the lane while slowly throwing the ball .
I panic at that time , but later I apprehended that not everyone is similar .
I was able to discover and to realize that my grandfather could not have fun as easy as I could .
His steps were slow and hardly-accomplished , while I ran in and out of the house .
This experience let me to the belief that when one is old , it is no longer possible to enjoy life much .

Not only I have found experiences of myself for stating that young people enjoy life more than olders do , but society arrangement proves it by itself .
The war that today affects some parts of the world is a clear and vivid example .
Very young people on the Middle East are violentaly in combat .
It is not neccessary a ` fun activity ' , but rahter a way on defending their beliefs and their way of enjoying their life .
It is not often to see a 70-year-old dead by combat means .
The possibilities for a wide of spectrum of activities offered to young people aloud them enjoy the fascination of their lifes .

Life is short and our ` young lives ' are even shorter .
We should discover and take advantage of the inmense possibilities that we have as children and as young adults .
Years are limitants to our capabilities .
Run , jump , swim , and climb today !
Enjoy now and think later !
Today , the number of cars boght every year is staggering and the number keeps increasingyear on year .
However , I believe that the number of cars has peaked and will definitely reduce in the near future .

One of the major reasons for decline in the cars would be the affordibility .
With ever rising oil prices and declinng reserves , it would be hard for many to own and run a car .
Although alternative fuels like Solar and Alchohol cars have been suggested they are still far from feasible .
These technologies would take atelast two decades in implementing and cannot offer any immediate solution .

Also there is lot of concern for pollution and traffic caused by the large number of cars on our streets .
Green activists are calling for special taxes on cars for polluting the environment .
This forced goverments to enforce taxes on the car manufacturing companies .
This would certainly reduce the interest of new car manufacturers .

Public transport facilities like buses and metros will gain wide acceptance not only because thay are much cheaper .
But also because of the advancements in the technology , Government and other organizations are able to provide commuters with comforts which are on par with the ones that cars provide .
Twenty years later there would be further improvement in the commuting technologies which would lead to reduced car users .

Lastly , there are technologies like SEGWAY and personal flying planes that are in prototype stage of testing .
These inventions could replace the cars in the near future .

In sum I believe that cars would be replaced by other forms of transport both for economical and environmetal issues .
